Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is heartening that a few of our Repub-lican colleagues are urging caution on the reckless approach to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. They are acknowl-edging that the only reasonable way to proceed—if that is the objective—is to, at the same time that they repeal, pro-vide the American people with a re-placement, a replacement that meets their criteria. One reason they have not done so is that Republicans don’t really agree, don’t really know how to do that. The new President promises that a repeal- and-replace program will be better. It will have lower costs and better cov-erage—a tall order—and we have seen no details. The troubling fact for the Repub-licans bent on repealing the Affordable Care Act is that the ACA is working, and most of the major provisions are wildly popular: no lifetime limits on health care; no denial for preexisting conditions to almost 130 million Amer-icans who would otherwise have their health care at risk; allowing children to stay on their parents’ health insur-ance until they are age 25; not charging women higher premiums than men sim-ply because of their chromosomes. These elements are absolutely essen-tial going forward, and the American public wants this to continue. Sadly, even if they do slow down and try to do it right, there is much damage that is being done with the uncertainty in the air. They have unsettled 18 percent of our economy—over $3 trillion of annual expenses—disrupting the 6 years of progress in making the system work better. I have been talking to people in my community, finding out about some of the damage that is being done, their concerns and apprehensions. The larg-est employer in the city of Portland is Oregon Health & Science University. They already have felt compelled to implant a hiring freeze, dial back some of their programming, trying to recon-figure, preparing for the worst. The local government, partnering with the private sector to treat the poor and the elderly, people with men-tal health issues, are having their im-portant reforms put at risk, and they are scrambling to try and figure out how to do it. The State of Oregon, not unlike many States around the country, is facing some budget challenges, and there is a $1.7 billion question dealing with the uncertainty going forward with Medicaid. Rural hospitals are especially vulner-able, and they will explain it to any Congressman who chooses to ask. Most important for many of them is the fact that this approach that is being pur-sued on Capitol Hill with this question mark puts at risk one of the greatest achievements of the Affordable Care Act. The vast amounts of money spent on uncompensated care, charity care, has been dramatically reduced. People are getting their health care earlier, and it is being paid for. And those un-compensated care levels are falling dramatically. They are getting better care, more timely. The health providers in my commu-nity are concerned they are still going to have to provide the care, but it will be done later in an emergency room, not in a clinic setting, and they are left holding the bag financially. It is not hard to find out how damaging this ap-proach has been. Certainly, the Affordable Care Act could use refinement and improve-ment. We have been trying to do that for the last 6 years. The local medical associations, community clinics, hos-pitals, health plans are all willing to say how that could be done; but at the same time, they will explain what is at risk and why we owe it to them and the people we serve to understand the dam-age that is being done and try and min-imize it. The course that is being followed will make America sick again, and that is not the way to start a new administra-tion, a new Congress. We should do what we should have been doing for the last 6 years: working together, coop-eratively, to build upon, refine, and im-prove the Affordable Care Act and give the American public the health care they deserve. HIGHLIGHTING THE IMPORTANCE OF RURAL HEALTH CARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, before I was elected to serve in the House of Representatives, I spent nearly 30 years in the nonprofit healthcare field assisting those individ-uals who were facing life-changing dis-eases and disability. Additionally, as a member of my home community, I have volunteered for decades as an emergency medical technician, serving my neighbors in their time of trauma or medical emergency needs. I am acutely aware of the challenges many face when it comes to obtaining reasonably priced health care. It is es-pecially critical for rural America, like much of the Fifth Congressional Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. We are facing a healthcare crisis in our Nation’s rural areas. These often disadvantaged populations are still struggling to access affordable, quality care. Many remain uninsured. Many find themselves newly uninsured as a result of the pressures and the demands and the mandates of the Affordable Care Act. Most are underinsured; how-ever, access to quality care really does remain the largest challenge. Even when people gain access to health insurance or coverage, it does not equal access to care. Rural hos-pitals across the country are closing, leaving patients without access to their emergency rooms and long-term care facilities. When you close a hos-pital in a rural area, the result is a commute that means the difference, frequently, between life and death. Eighty rural hospitals have closed since 2010. One in three rural hospitals are financially vulnerable. At the cur-rent closure rate, more than 25 percent of rural hospitals will close in less than a decade. As this Congress examines ways to improve our Nation’s healthcare sys-tem, we must not forget that rural health care is unique and requires dif-ferent programs to succeed. In addition to hospital closures, a workforce shortage plagues rural America; 77 percent of more than 2,000 rural counties in the United States are designated as having a shortage of healthcare professionals. Recruitment and retention of experienced profes-sionals, including primary care physi-cians, is an ongoing challenge. b1015 Mr. Speaker, no matter how you pay for health care, if there are not quali-fied and trained professionals in those communities, healthcare access does not exist. Congress must act to stop cuts to rural hospitals and strengthen the healthcare workforce in under-served areas. Furthermore, the opioid epidemic that is sweeping the Nation has rav-aged our rural communities, leaving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.013 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H395 January 12, 2017 
even more of the population in need of crucial health services. Adolescents and young adults living in rural areas are more vulnerable to opioid abuse than their urban counterparts. The prevalence of fatal drug overdoses has skyrocketed in rural areas. High unem-ployment and a greater rate of the types of injuries that result in pre-scriptions for opioid medications have contributed to this. For these reasons, I again look for-ward to cosponsoring the Save Rural Hospitals Act in the 115th Congress. We must ensure access to health care for Americans living in rural areas. On average, trauma victims in rural areas must travel twice as far as vic-tims in urban areas to the closest hos-pital. As a result, 60 percent of trauma deaths occur in rural areas, even though only 20 percent of Americans live in rural areas. The Affordable Care Act was sup-posed to help cut costs for health care, but that did not happen for everyone. American families have found out the hard way, with increased taxes, loom-ing regulations, and a slew of broken promises, from untrue cost controls to limitations on consumer choice. We were told that, ‘‘if you like your cov-erage, you can keep it.’’ Well, that was not even close to being true. I look forward to working with my colleagues to fix our flawed healthcare system. Currently, healthcare costs have gone up, premiums have increased by double digits, but choices have de-creased. Deductibles are so high that many Americans, despite having ‘‘cov-erage,’’ cannot afford to seek care under that coverage. Well, that is not right. It is not fair, and it is not fea-sible. There must be a better way, and I know together we can work to find a stable transition to a 21st century healthcare system that works for ev-eryone in America, particularly for those in rural regions where the need is great and the services are scarce. 
f 
DON’T CUT PLANNED PARENTHOOD FUNDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row this body is set to vote on a budget resolution that would dramatically cut Federal funding for Planned Parent-hood. But today there is still time to reconsider that proposal and listen to the thousands, if not millions, of men, women, and children who are urging us not to because they understand the im-pact in our communities better than almost any of us here today. Now, this isn’t just about blocking a woman’s constitutional right to her own healthcare options, although that would be bad enough. This is about gutting Medicaid reimbursements for preventive care and family planning, revoking every single dollar for 360,000 lifesaving breast exams and 4 million tests for sexually transmitted diseases. This is Congress choosing political gamesmanship at the expense of Amer-icans’ health, particularly those who cannot afford care otherwise. This is a tactical strike on low-income women and families. In my home State of Massachusetts, it would immediately deny access to care to nearly 10,000 patients covered by MassHealth. For these men, women, and children, it is not as simple as walking to the nearest community health center, because over 50 percent of Planned Parenthood centers across our country are found in medically un-derserved communities. For the elderly woman in need of cancer screening, there would be no-where else to turn. For the young ex-pectant mother in need of prenatal care, there would no longer be a com-munity doctor that she can trust. For the dad whose son is in need of strep throat treatment, the only option left may be an unaffordable trip to the emergency room. Mr. Speaker, if this is intended to be a warning shot on a constitutionally guaranteed right to have an abortion, my Republican colleagues are missing their target and, instead, they are aimed right at poor Americans. I urge every Member of this House to talk to their constituents who have re-ceived care at Planned Parenthood cen-ters before voting on this bill. I ask them to listen and understand the life- altering impact that it will have on the families who can least afford it. f 
WE HAVE HIT THE GROUND RUNNING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to say how incredibly proud I am to be representing Min-nesota’s Second District. It is an honor that I do not take lightly, and I am ex-cited to get to work for my constitu-ents. Here in the House we have hit the ground running. During my first 2 weeks in Congress, we took steps to jump-start our economy by addressing the massive web of regulations that were issued by unelected and unac-countable bureaucrats in the adminis-tration. In fact, 2016 was a record- breaking year for Federal agencies. Un-fortunately, the record they set is not a good one. In 2016 alone, there were 3,853 final-ized rules and regulations, amounting to 97,110 pages. That is more than any year in history. Based on the page numbers alone, this amount of regula-tions may seem staggering, but the economic costs are even more dam-aging. In 2015, regulations cost Amer-ican consumers and small businesses an estimated $1.88 trillion in lost eco-nomic productivity and higher prices. Many in Washington have started to call Federal regulators the fourth branch of government, unelected branch of government when it comes from the agencies. For too long, these regulators have run rampant, hurting our small businesses, stifling job growth, and hampering our economy. In fact, we have had one of the slowest economic recoveries coming out of a severe recession in modern times. That is why, last week, I was proud to join my colleagues in passing the REINS Act and the Midnight Rules Re-lief Act. Additionally, this week we passed the Regulatory Accountability Act. Today I am proud to introduce my first piece of legislation, the Reforming Executive Guidance Act. This will fur-ther increase transparency and ensure that regulatory agencies are held ac-countable for their actions. My bill will ensure that significant guidance documents promulgated by the regulatory agencies are subject to congressional review. These guidance documents are only meant to clarify regulations. However, over the years, executive agencies have used these guidance documents more and more often to expand their power and make significant policy changes. We are the accountable branch who are to make those policy changes. These policy changes are negatively affecting our businesses and imposing these signifi-cant costs on our economy. My bill simply ensures that signifi-cant guidance documents are fully sub-ject to the Congressional Review Act and the Administrative Procedure Act’s notice and comment require-ment. Not only does this increase con-gressional oversight, it also increases transparency, as the public will now have the ability to review these guid-ance documents before they are final-ized. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this straightforward, com-monsense legislation. I look forward to working with my colleagues throughout the 115th Con-gress as we address the major issues facing the American people. 
f 
THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT WORKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, one of my constituents, Paul from Montclair, New Jersey, shared with my office his struggle with bladder cancer, HIV, and severe depression. He told us that he is scared, like most people who rely on the Affordable Care Act, because Re-publicans are determined to gut this legislation. He told us that he depends on the ACA for his medications and treatments, without which he fears he will die. Paul lives on an unstable income, and it is only because of the ACA that he is able to afford his treatments. The staffer in my office who spoke with Paul told me that he could feel the fear in Paul’s voice as he listened to Paul’s story. Paul is rightly concerned about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.004 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH396 January 12, 2017 
whether he will be able to afford his next urologist appointment and what will happen if he can no longer pay for his depression medication. Now, Paul told us that this was the first time that he publicly announced his medical conditions because he wants people to see the human face on the problem of the ACA repeal. He wants people to know that the ACA is keeping people alive. Over 20 million people now depend on the ACA. They are not empty numbers. They are real people who deserve af-fordable, quality health coverage. ACA repeal would strip them of this cov-erage and make it impossible for them to get the care they rightly need. Democrats will continue to stand our ground on the ACA, and we will con-tinue to stand up for people who de-pend on the law, like Paul. We will refuse to make America sick again and create chaos in our Nation’s healthcare system. 
f 
DIRE CONSEQUENCES OF OBAMACARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, for the past several days, this morning during our morning-hour debate, I have been listening to my colleagues across the aisle talking about the dire con-sequences the repeal of ObamaCare will have. Well, I have got to tell you some-thing. It is already having dire con-sequences. The law itself is having dire consequences. Americans like my constituent Dotty Legg from Victoria, Texas, wrote to my office with a desperate plea to get relief from the effects of ObamaCare. In 2012, Dotty’s coverage was around $400 a month with a $2,500 deductible. In 2014, it went up to almost $600. In 2015, $700 a month, and that is coverage for just one person. Well, in 2016, Dotty’s carrier told her they could no longer cover her, so she had to go somewhere else. She went to another carrier and they only had an option that was almost $700 a month, and her deductible skyrocketed to $6,500. That is pretty unaffordable for something called the Affordable Care Act. I have got to tell you, back before ObamaCare, back before the Affordable Care Act, a policy with a $6,500 deduct-ible would have been one of the least expensive policies you could have bought. It would have been a cata-strophic policy. We have got to fix this. It gets even worse. We don’t see what goes on in 2017. The company is pulling out. Dotty can’t find coverage at all. The Affordable Care Act is not af-fordable, and it is full of broken prom-ises. Most of the promises made were broken with Dotty. If you like your doctor, you can keep them. She hasn’t been able to keep her doctor. Prices are going to go down? Come on. If you like your policy, you are going to keep it. Didn’t happen. We have got to fix this, and Repub-licans have a plan. We are going to work the plan. It is at better.gop. It is one of those new top-level domains, better.gop. We have got to fix it be-cause ObamaCare is nothing but, as we say on the Internet, a big old #fail. SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS FOR MILITARY  
SPOUSES  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to talk about our mili-tary spouses. We often overlook the tremendous sacrifice our military spouses make to support their husbands and wives. They often move far from home and family to be with their spouse on military or-ders, but they give up their friends, the comfort of home, and even some of their Second Amendment rights. The Gun Control Act of 1968 limits citizens’ rights to purchase a handgun by requiring that it only be bought in the State where they are considered residents. Exceptions were made for Active-Duty military members but not their spouses; and that is why I have introduced H.R. 256, the Protect Our Military Families’ Second Amendment Rights Act, which allows spouses of Ac-tive-Duty servicemembers to purchase firearms in the State where they live under their spouse’s military orders. Military spouses should not be denied their Second Amendment rights be-cause they choose to live with their husband or wife while they are de-ployed. Spouses have the right to de-fend themselves and their families, just like everyone else. While I believe we must continue to push for things like constitutional carry, H.R. 256 is a good step in ensuring Second Amendment rights are respected. b1030 
CONGRATULATING COACH JASON HERRING AND  
THE REFUGIO BOBCATS  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on a lighter note, I would also like to con-gratulate Coach Jason Herring and the Refugio Bobcats football team for win-ning their fourth Texas State AA championship. The Bobcats had a 15–1 record this school year and defeated Crawford in the championship game 23–20 in an im-pressive game-winning 15-yard field goal by kicker Diego Gonzalez with only 8 seconds remaining. Quarterback Jacobe Avery was the championship game’s offensive MVP, and linebacker Kobie Herring was named defensive MVP. This was an im-pressive year for the whole team. Winning is a Bobcat tradition. Con-gratulations, Refugio Bobcats. 
f 
EXPANDING MEDICARE COVERAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, since its implementation in 1965, Medi-care has excluded coverage for hearing aids and related audiology services, routine dental care, and routine eye exams and eyeglasses despite the fact that large numbers of older Americans need these essential items and services. Today, with well over 100 original co-sponsors, I will be introducing the Sen-iors Have Eyes, Ears, and Teeth bill, which will lift these terribly unfair re-strictions on the population most in need of these services. We know that hearing loss affects more than 40 percent of persons over 60 years old, more than 60 percent of those over 70, and almost 80 percent of those over 80 years of age. Yet, sadly, only one in five seniors currently diag-nosed with hearing issues uses a hear-ing aid, which can range in cost from $1,000 to $6,000. For the more than half of Medicare beneficiaries who live on incomes below $24,150 per year, these high, out-of-pocket expenses are out of their reach. We also know seniors account for ap-proximately 80 percent of the 2.8 mil-lion Americans with low vision. Rou-tine eye exams for these seniors can cost from $50 to $300 or more, and the average cost for a pair of prescription glasses is $196. Mr. Speaker, it is increasingly well documented that untreated vision and hearing loss not only diminishes qual-ity of life, but also increases the risk for costly health outcomes such as falls and resulting disability, depression, and dementia. Also tragic is that near-ly 70 percent of older Americans cur-rently have no form of dental insur-ance. This lack of insurance has been identified as the major barrier to ac-cessing dental care for seniors. It is a well-known fact that neglect of oral health can result in the deterioration of overall physical health and that the lack of access to even routine dental exams and cleanings can exacerbate se-rious and complicated overall health problems that increase with age. Expanding Medicare to cover vision, dental, and hearing services is a cost- effective intervention because it will prevent healthcare costs due to acci-dents, falls, cognitive impairments and increases in chronic conditions and oral cancer. But most importantly, giv-ing our seniors the gift of hearing, vi-sion, and oral health will go a long way toward helping our seniors enjoy their golden years free from depression and social isolation. Mr. Speaker, few bills are ever intro-duced with this overwhelming support. Additionally, it has the strong support from the National Committee to Pre-serve Social Security and Medicare. I invite my colleagues to join me and the over 100 original cosponsors of this leg-islation in supporting dental, vision, and hearing care for our seniors. NATIONAL COMMITTEE TOPRESERVE  S
OCIAL SECURITY & M EDICARE , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. L
UCILLE ROYBAL -ALLARD , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE ROYBAL -ALLARD : On behalf of the millions of members and sup-porters of the National Committee to Pre-serve Social Security and Medicare, I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.005 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H397 January 12, 2017 
writing to endorse, the ‘‘Seniors Have Eyes, Ears and Teeth Act.’’ It is our hope that ac-tion will be taken on your legislation during the current 115th Congress. The ‘‘Seniors Have Eyes, Ears and Teeth Act’’ would help millions of Medicare bene-ficiaries who need vision, hearing and dental care, which is not covered by Medicare. Pay-ing for these services is a hardship for many Medicare beneficiaries, half of whom live on incomes below $24,150 per year. Medicare households spend on average 15 percent of their income, over two times more than younger households, on Medicare cost shar-ing and for services not covered by Medicare. Routine dental services are very important to the overall health of Medicare bene-ficiaries, and today, many Medicare bene-ficiaries suffer isolation and severe health problems because they cannot afford to pay for vision and hearing examinations or to buy eyeglasses or hearing aids. For these reasons, the National Committee’s current Legislative Agenda includes support for ex-panding Medicare benefits to cover vision, hearing and dental health services and equip-ment, which are important for healthy aging. Thank you for your leadership on this im-portant issue. We look forward to working with you to secure enactment of the ‘‘Sen-iors Have Eyes, Ears and Teeth Act,’’ which would improve the Medicare program for to-day’s seniors as well as future generations of beneficiaries. Sincerely, M
AXRICHTMAN , President and CEO. f 
IMPROVING CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, today I will reintroduce the WINGMAN Act, a vital veterans’ bill that will expedite the claims process for veterans who come to our congressional offices seeking as-sistance with their benefit claims. The current process leaves thousands of veterans and their families remaining in limbo awaiting resolution on their claims. The status quo is unacceptable, and it must change. No servicemember should have to wait to receive benefits they have more than earned. This ends with the pas-sage of the WINGMAN Act, which re-moves the middle man and allows staff to access these records directly, after obtaining a privacy release form with-out having to wait on the VA bureauc-racy. I think if we just listen, this is about customer service. Yes, they are constituents, but they are also cus-tomers. Every Member of this Con-gress—all 535 Members—represents ap-proximately 700,000 constituents, and I like to think that we are in the cus-tomer service business as is the VA, the Veterans Administration. If we can’t service our customers, where else can they go? Last Congress, WINGMAN passed this House unanimously. It passed the Veterans’ Affairs Committee unani-mously, but it was held up by one Sen-ator who thought he know more than the 435 Members of this body and that he knew more than the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. Fortunately, that Senator from Nevada is no longer here, and we are resubmitting this. I am hopeful that this Congress—the Mem-bers of this Chamber—will, once again, reform the veterans’ claims process and that our colleagues in the upper Chamber will as well. Before I close, I would also like to take a moment to recognize Represent-atives RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, K
YRSTEN SINEMA , and J OHN DELANEY  for being coleads on this bill. All three of my colleagues have demonstrated their commitment to fighting for our veterans every day of every year that they have served in Congress. We have right now right over 150 co-sponsors of this bill, and it is a privi-lege to have their support. I thank them for helping to lead the charge to enact this change and others that are so desperately needed to better assist veterans and their families. Without their support, WINGMAN would not have the broad, bipartisan support that it does now. I urge the remainder of our colleagues to support WINGMAN as well. Let our Nation’s veterans know that we’ve got their six. 
f 
PROTECT THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to protect the Affordable Care Act. Today I urge you to give the Af-fordable Care Act the same chance we gave America’s other great healthcare program, Medicare, way back in 1965. Today Medicare covers over 55 mil-lion Americans and is a staple for sen-ior care. But let’s go back in time and remember what people were saying about Medicare in 1965. The American Medical Association said Medicare is an ‘‘invasion of the voluntary relation-ship between the patient and the physi-cian.’’ The then-Republican leadership said the bill will cost too much. It will never cover enough seniors. It will make taxes too high, and we will be broke within 2 years. Those are some of the quotes from The New York Times in 1965. Today, 52 years later, Medicare is one of the most efficient healthcare sys-tems in our country. Why? Because we gave it a chance to flourish. Mr. Speaker, when we come together on behalf of the American people, we get things done. I ask my colleagues today: Do not repeal the Affordable Care Act. Instead, let’s move past the politics of repealing the ACA. Let’s learn from five decades of Medicare. Let’s give Americans the healthcare coverage they want and they deserve, because in 60 years, it won’t really matter whose name is on the program. But what will matter is that we came together and stopped the repeal. What will matter is that we fixed the ACA and made it work for every American. The American people deserve good health care. If folks have issues with the ACA, then let’s fix those issues. Let’s make the ACA better. But to rip coverage from 30 million people, to de-stroy 2.6 million jobs, and to add $350 billion to our deficit is not a good thing. I ask my colleagues today to keep the ACA. f 
CITIZEN LEGISLATORS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for the very first time in this Chamber as a servant of Penn-sylvania’s Eighth District—the good people of Bucks and Montgomery Coun-ties—serving as their independent voice. The weight of this responsibility should not be lost on any of us. It is my sincere hope that each one of us here— regardless of where we come from or what our past experiences have been or how long we have been here—will do what the American people are demand-ing of us at this time: to work together as problem-solvers, not work against each other as ideologues. Our Founders envisioned citizen leg-islators chosen from their peers to work on their behalf and to serve hon-orably with a focus on solutions, and then return home and live under the laws they helped pass, making way for a new generation of leadership with new ideas and a fresh perspective. Un-fortunately, Mr. Speaker, we as a na-tion have strayed from that vision. Today too many Americans feel left out. They see a system that does more to preserve the status quo than it does to solve our most pressing challenges. They see a class of career politicians and elite insiders. I wish I could tell my constituents—my bosses—that this problem is exaggerated and that this mess in Washington doesn’t affect them or their families or their busi-nesses. But as a former anticorruption FBI special agent, I have seen the brokenness in our system, and I know the real-life impact that it has, which is both soft and hard corruption that tilts the legislative agenda towards special interests, electoral compla-cency that allows lawmakers to focus on accumulating power rather than serving their constituents, and an en-trenched partisanship that grinds the gears of government to a halt. Mr. Speaker, this does not have to be the fate of this Congress. It does not. The 115th Congress can be remembered as the one that buried party labels for good and focused on fixing the system. To that end, I have introduced legisla-tive proposals to begin that process: a constitutional amendment enacting term limits for all Members of Con-gress and a constitutional amendment preventing Members of Congress from being paid unless a budget is passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.004 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH398 January 12, 2017 
This is not just withholding payment for a period of time; this is a complete forfeiture. I propose a balanced budget amend-ment so we are forced to stop kicking the can down the road and will create a fiscal path that will allow the next generation to thrive. I also have a bill I call the Citizen Legislature Anti-Corruption Reform Act, or CLEAN Act, a bill that ends congressional pensions for life and re-quires this body to debate and act on single-issue legislation, codify that all laws passed by Congress apply to all of its Members, reform the broken gerry-mandering process by moving all redis-tricting to independent, nonpartisan, citizen commissions, and to expand ac-cess to political party primaries to in-clude both independents and non-affiliated voters. Is there anyone in this Chamber who does not believe that these measures will make our country a better place? Is there anyone in this Chamber who does not believe these measures will re-sult in a healthier democracy and a system of government where our people have more faith and trust in? Is there anyone here who believes that more citizens serving in this body and more citizens participating in their govern-ment would not be a breath of fresh air for our Nation? If you agree with our ideas, I urge you to join me and cosponsor these measures, join the Congressional Cit-izen Legislature Caucus, and advocate for these reforms. Share your vision with your constituents because they need to know that our Nation is not re-signed to the status quo. Mr. Speaker, Washington needs fewer politicians and more independent voices focused on serving the American people. That is the reason we are here. Let’s not let them down. The time is now to answer their call to fix this sys-tem so we can start addressing the challenges that we face as a nation. 
f 
THE PRIVILEGE OF SERVING IN THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, it is always an honor for me to stand here in the well of the House to know that I am one of less than 450 people in the world who have been ac-corded the preeminent privilege of standing in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. b1045 It is an honor to stand here at this podium with a rostrum behind me with the word ‘‘Justice’’ etched in it. Right behind me, ‘‘Justice’’ is etched into the rostrum. You can’t see it at home be-cause it is low, and it is beneath the view of the camera. Today, I want to talk about justice, Mr. Speaker. I want to talk about jus-tice and the Justice Department. I do this, Mr. Speaker, because we have a President-elect who has said he will be a law and order President. I want to make a distinction between law and order and justice, and I want to at-tribute this to the Justice Department versus a law and order department. Mr. Speaker, you can have law and order in a dungeon, but you won’t have justice. There is law and order in North Korea, but you don’t have justice. Jus-tice, Mr. Speaker, is what this Depart-ment is all about. It is not the law and order department. One of the best ways to explain it is to harken back to some-thing that was called to our attention yesterday at the hearing for the nomi-nee to become the head of the Justice Department. When the Honorable JOHN LEWIS spoke, he went back to 1965, and the crossing of the Edmund Pettus Bridge. On that day, George Wallace—one of the great segregationists of his time and, perhaps, the greatest segrega-tionist of his time—had made it per-spicuously clear to his troops that, if you maintain order, there will be law to protect you. As a result, those troops beat the marches all the way back to the church where they started. They were peaceful protesters. The Honorable J
OHNLEWIS said he thought he might die. That is what law and order meant to a good many people in the South. Law and order without justice is what took place on that day; but thank God there was a judge, the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. The Honorable Frank M. Johnson issued the order to allow those marches to move from Selma to Montgomery, and he did it notwithstanding his classmate George Wallace having said that they were banned from doing it. This was justice, not law and order alone. This is our fear—that the Justice Department will go back to the hands of someone who may consider it a law and order depart-ment and a department in which there is a belief that you can do anything to maintain the order and that there will be law to support your actions and ac-tivities. Mr. Speaker, we must protect the no-tion of justice for all people in this country. This is why I was there yes-terday to lend my support to Senator B
OOKER when he spoke about justice and when he indicated that he could not support the nominee. I was honored to be there, seated right near the Hon-orable J
OHN LEWIS when he said he could not support the nominee. I was also honored to be there with the head of the Congressional Black Caucus, C
EDRIC RICHMOND , when he indicated: If this nominee is a civil rights advocate, why is the civil rights community so opposed to him? I think those were some very sage comments. I must tell you that we in this coun-try have come too far to allow the Jus-tice Department to become the law and order department. RUSSIA AND PRESIDENT PUTIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today as co-chair and found-ing member of the Polish, Hungarian, and Ukrainian House Caucuses. I am also a strong defender of NATO and of its purpose in linking the free nations of Europe and the United States through this historic, hard-won alliance and security treaty among Eu-rope’s sovereign nations that respect the rule of law and our shared passion for liberty. Our Nation and NATO’s members paid the ultimate price in the last cen-tury for our priceless gift of liberty. We won the cold war, and our most treas-ured democratic values of life, liberty, freedom of assembly, press, and reli-gion are under siege today by a preda-tory and repressive Russia. Go no fur-ther than any major business in your district and ask them how many times they are hacked daily by Russian pred-ators—to get a sense of what is going on. My purpose this morning is to re-mind our citizenry of the continuing and major, real threat to our NATO al-liance and to the destabilization of Eu-rope by Russia that necessitates our strengthening the alliance, not weak-ening it, to ward off Vladimir Putin’s expansionist dreams. I must say I am concerned by our President-elect’s loose talk about Rus-sia. His naive assumption that personal friendships with Russia’s oligarchs— some of whom are active members of Russia’s notorious mafia—can over-come strategic, expansionist impera-tives that fill Vladimir Putin’s mind are truly not in America’s interest. So let’s review some recent history. Domestically, Mr. Putin has sup-pressed the basic freedoms of the Rus-sian people. His leadership has resulted in countless infringements of human rights violations and other actions that directly conflict with our foundational values in Western democ-racies. Putin has an aggressive and very hos-tile foreign policy toward us—toward the United States—and our top allies. Russia has invaded neighboring sov-ereign countries, including the Repub-lics of Georgia and Ukraine. Russia has threatened and harassed U.S. military personnel and diplomats overseas, not in the last century, now, orchestrating an anti-American propaganda cam-paign—the largest since World War II— both in our country and around the world; and it is conducting cyber war-fare, as I speak, against our country, our government, our interests, as well as European governments; against po-litical institutes; against our think tanks; against our State voter data systems, as our intelligence services have just informed us; and against our cities and counties, journalists, and in-dividuals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.009 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H399 January 12, 2017 
Information about Putin’s aggressive behavior is well-documented and is spe-cifically highlighted in the intelligence briefings that our President-elect began to receive when he secured the Republican Party nomination last year. Despite this, throughout his cam-paign and as President-elect, Mr. Trump continues to praise and support Putin. He has even taken the foreign dictator’s side over those of the leaders of our country he was elected to rep-resent. Here are examples: December 18, 2015: During an inter-view on ‘‘Morning Joe,’’ host Joe Scar-borough asked Mr. Trump about Putin’s alleged killing of journalists and political opponents. Trump an-swered: ‘‘He’s running his country, and at least he’s a leader. Unlike what we have in this country.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a list of dozens of journalists in Russia who have been murdered in cold blood because they were reporting on corrup-tion, on growing repression in that so-ciety—on what Russia was executing around the world. 
A PARTIAL LIST OF JOURNALISTS WHOHAVE D
IED IN REPRESSIVE RUSSIA  1. July 16, 2000: Igor Domnikov, an editor and reporter for the independent Novaya Gazeta who covered local government cor-ruption, died after being attacked. His as-sailants are serving prison terms but the ex- government official who: orchestrated the attack was not convicted. 2. July 26, 2000: Sergey Novikov, the owner of the independent radio station Vesna, was shot in his apartment. Novikov was a vocal critic of local government corruption and re-ceived death threats prior to his murder. The case remains unsolved. 3. Sept. 21, 2000: Radio Liberty cor-respondent Iskandar Khatloni died from an attack by an unknown assailant. Khatloni, who was also a poet and former BBC cor-respondent, was covering human rights abuses in Chechnya. The case remains un-solved. 4. Oct. 3, 2000: Sergey Ivanov, the director of the independent and influential TV sta-tion Lada, was shot in his apartment. The case remains unsolved. 5. Nov. 21, 2000: Cameraman Adam Tepsurgayev, who shot most of Reuters’ footage from the second Chechen conflict, was shot dead in a Chechen village. The Rus-sian government contends that Chechen guerrillas murdered Tepsurgayev, but local residents were doubtful. The case remains unsolved. 6. Feb. 3, 2001: Photographer Valery Kondalkov was killed after the publication of photos he took of the private mansions of urban elite in the city of Armavir. The case remains unsolved. 7. Sept. 18, 2001: Eduard Markevich, the editor and publisher of a local newspaper, was shot in the back after receiving threats and surviving a previous attack. Markevich frequently wrote about local corruption and die suspected perpetrators of his murder are government officials. The case remains un-solved. 8. March 9, 2002: Natalya Skryl, a local business reporter, died from an attack. She was planning to publish an article on the struggle for the control of a local metal plant. The case remains unsolved. 9. April 29, 2002: Valery Ivanov, editor of the independent newspaper Tolyatinskoye Obozreniye, was shot eight times in the head. His newspaper is known for his cov-erage of local organized crime, drug traf-ficking and corruption. The case remains un-solved. 10. April 18, 2003: Dmitry Shvets, the dep-uty director of the independent television station TV–21, known for his critical report-ing on politicians, was shot dead outside the station’s offices. He had been investigating a mayoral candidate’s links to organized crime. The case remains unsolved. 11. July 3, 2003: Novaya Gazeta deputy edi-tor Yuri Shchekochikhin died from an acute allergic reaction while those close to him be-lieve he was poisoned. Shchekochikhin was working on a corruption case involving high- ranking government officials and had re-ceived threats. The government has not opened an investigation and says there’s no evidence of foul play. 12. July 3, 2003: Local television reporter Alikhan Guliyev was shot in his apartment building. Guliyev had accused an influential politician of campaign violations, and had survived an attempt on his life in 2002. The case remains unsolved. 13. Oct 9, 2003: A year after the murder of his predecessor Valery Ivanov, Tolyatinskoye Obozreniye editor Aleksei Sidorov was stabbed by two unknown assail-ants after receiving threats. Officials ini-tially agreed he was murdered in retaliation for his investigative work, but the case re-mains unsolved. 14. July 9, 2004: Forbes Russia founding edi-tor Paul Klebnikov was shot in Moscow in a contract killing. The magazine had recently published a feature on Russia’s richest peo-ple, and Klebnikov himself had written books and articles about business, crime and corruption in Russia. A decade after his death, the case remains unsolved, prompting Secretary of State John Kerry to urge Rus-sia to bring the perpetrators to justice. 15. May 21, 2005: Cameraman Pavel Makeev, while reporting on illegal drag racing, was found dead on the side of a road. Though his death was initially classified as a traffic ac-cident, Makeev’s colleagues say his death was related to his work. The case has been reopened but remains unsolved. 16. June 28, 2005: Magomedzagid Varisov, who wrote critical political columns for the weekly Novoye Delo, was shot in his car by unknown assailants with machine guns in Dagestan. Varisov had received numerous threats through years. Three suspects were killed in October 2005, and the unsolved case was closed. 17. Jan. 8, 2006: Reporter Vagif Kochetkov, who wrote for the newspapers Trud and Tulskii Molodoi Kommunar, died from an at-tack. Officials labeled his death the result of a robbery, though only work-related docu-ments and his cellphone were taken, while his wallet and fur coat were not. A local businessman was charged with the attack but later said he was coerced into confessing. 18. Oct. 7, 2006: Renowned journalist and human rights activist Anna Politkovskaya was shot in her apartment after receiving, and narrowingly escaping, numerous death threats. The five men hired to kill her were convicted and sentenced seven years later, but whoever ordered the murder (believed to be $150,000 contract) remains unknown. 19. Nov. 30, 2006: Prominent investigative journalist Maksim Maksimov was declared dead. He disappeared two years earlier while investigating local corruption in St. Peters-burg as well as several unsolved murders. The case remains unsolved. 20. March 2, 2007: Defense correspondent Ivan Safronov died from mysteriously falling from a fifth-floor window while investigating the sale of Russian arms to Syria and Iran. Safronov embarrassed military officials with reports on problems with Russia’s nuclear program. His death has been officially ruled a suicide, but his colleagues and friends say he had no reason to kill himself. 21. Aug. 31, 2008: Magomed Yevloyev, owner of the independent news site Ingushetia, was shot while in police custody. Officials had been attempting to close down Ingushetia for extremism; the site had covered corruption, human rights abuses, unsolved murders, and voting fraud in the 2008 presidential election. Yevloyev was detained as a witness in inves-tigation of a local explosion, and police say the shooting was an accident. 22. Sept. 2, 2008: Television editor Telman (Abdulla) Alishayev was shot by unknown assailants in Dagestan. Alishayev produced an anti-radical Islam documentary two years earlier and received death threats from rad-ical groups. 23. Jan. 19, 2009: Anastasia Baburova, a freelancer for the opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta, was shot by ultranationalists in a double murder. Baburova had covered the rise of neo-Nazism and race-motivated crimes in Moscow. Her murderers, members of a neo-Nazi group, have been sentenced. 24. March 30, 2009: Layout designer Sergei Protazanov died after an attack by unknown assailants. Protazanov was part of the edi-torial staff of Grazhdanskoe sogalsie, a news-paper known for its critical coverage of the ruling party of Russia. The case remains un-solved. 25. July 15, 2009: The fifth Novaya Gazeta journalist murdered since 2000, Natalya Estemirova was kidnapped and shot execu-tion-style in Chechnya. Her colleagues be-lieve that Chechen officials ordered the Kremlin-backed assassination, as Estemirova had reported on human rights violations committed by authorities in the region. The official investigation pinned the murder on a Chechen rebel who was killed by an air strike, but her colleagues and human rights activists believe this is a cover-up. 26. Aug. 11, 2009: Abdulmalik Akhmedilov, an editor for the independent news website Hakikat and editor-in-chief of the political monthly Sogratl, was shot in his car in Dagestan. Akhmedilov was critical of gov-ernment efforts to curb religious and polit-ical freedom and inaction in investigating assassinations. The case remains unsolved. 27. Dec. 15, 2011: Independent newspaper founder Gadzhimurad Kamalov was shot out-side his office in Dagestan. His newspaper Chernovik was known for its investigations in government corruption, police abuse and Islamic extremism, and his name appeared on an anonymous hit list. 28. Dec. 5, 2012: News anchor Kazbek Gekkiyev, who covered social issues, was shot in the head while returning home from work. Several reporters at his state-con-trolled station, VGTRK, had received threats allegedly from Islamist separatist fighters. 29. April 8, 2013: Mikhail Beketov, founding editor of the Khimiki, died after a 2008 at-tack by unknown assailants that left him se-verely brain-damaged, amputated and unable to speak. Beketov had covered government corruption and the planned destruction of the Khimki forest to make way for a planned toll road. In retaliation for his reporting, his car had been set on fire and his dog left dead on his doorstep. He never fully recovered from the attack and died five years later in the hospital. 30. May 18, 2013: Nikolai Potapov, a former government official and founding editor of the local Selsovet newspaper, was shot in the Stavropol region. Selsovet was known for its coverage of government corruption. 31. July 9, 2013: Akhmednabi Akhmednabiye, deputy editor of the inde-pendent newspaper Novoye Delo, was shot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.011 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH400 January 12, 2017 
dead outside his house in Dagestan. He cov-ered government corruption, abductions, po-lice abuse and torture and had received nu-merous threats for his work. His name ap-peared on an anonymous hit list. 32. Dec. 4, 2013: Arkady Lander, editor of the opposition newspaper Mestnaya, died after an 2010 attack by unknown assailants in Sochi. He underwent operations and hos-pitalizations for three years after his attack, which left him amputated and with a frac-tured skull. Lander had covered local elec-tions and distributed his newspaper free of charge. The statute of limitations ran out on his case. 33. Aug. 1, 2014: The body of independent journalist and civil activist Timur Kuashev was discovered in the woods after he dis-appeared a day earlier. Kuashev was threat-ened by police after reporting on civil liberty and human rights violations by security forces. 
Ms. KAPTUR. The interview with Mr. Scarborough took place the day after Mr. Putin praised and propagandized Mr. Trump as ‘‘bright and talented’’ and the ‘‘absolute leader of the Presi-dential race.’’ That was about a year before our election. Months later, the President-elect asked the Russian Fed-eration to hack Hillary Clinton’s email. How about that by our Presi-dent-elect? September 8, 2016: At NBC’s Com-mander-in-Chief Forum, Mr. Trump praised Putin by saying: 
If Putin says great things about me, I’m going to say great things about him . . . I’ve already said he is very much of a leader. The man has very strong control over his coun-try. 
He is right about that. If you speak against Putin, you can be murdered in Russia. America, pay attention. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 55 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord, God of history and ever present, You sent Your prophet Isaiah to Your people when they were in need of hope and vision. May Isaiah’s prophetic words guide the Members of this people’s House. Send Your Spirit upon them and our Nation, that we may be open to hear-ing Your word and actively seeking the salvation You alone can bring. Make of us a people of compassion and holiness. In pursuing the avenues of justice for all, may we be a sign to the community of nations. Help each Member to work toward the complete fulfillment of the deepest human hopes and Your inspiring promises. With humility, let them embrace their calling; to be truly prophetic, as Your servants of old, but earnestly ful-filling Your commands. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. EMMER led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 12, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on January 12, 2017, at 9:03 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 3. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say good-bye to a dedicated public servant and a key part of my team. Judith Morris has served the Olympic Peninsula for a decade, first for my predecessor Norm Dicks, and for the past 4 years in my office. Judith’s knowledge of the peninsula and her dedication is unmatched. There are few that combine her compassion and guidance to any constituent who had a question or who needed help with a Federal agency. Whether at the office or at the grocery store or at an event, Judith was available. Mr. Speaker, Judith has served our Nation with distinction, first in the Peace Corps, and now in the United States House of Representatives, mak-ing equity and conservation and human rights a tenet of her time in service. Judith’s wit, thoughtfulness, and easy-going manner will be missed. Our entire community thanks her and her husband, David, an outstanding public servant in his own right, who worked for the National Park Service, for leaving a legacy of integrity, excel-lence, and service. I am humbled and honored to offer my sincere thanks to Judith Morris for her dedication to the Sixth Congres-sional District, and I wish her the best as she continues to explore her passion for travel and service all around this world. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, we celebrated Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, which acknowledges the contributions that men and women in uniform make on a daily basis to keep our communities safe and secure. It was heartening to see the display of support for these individuals throughout the House Office Buildings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.003 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H401 January 12, 2017 
on Monday. As the Sun went down, you could see blue lights in windows across the Capitol complex honoring those brave men and women. The dedicated individuals who serve in law enforcement help to preserve the way of life we hold so dear. They walk the neighborhood beats, patrol our streets, and willingly do dangerous work to protect our families and com-munities. It is one of the most honorable ac-tivities anyone can engage in, and I want to thank them for their selfless-ness and bravery they demonstrate as officers of the law. They deserve our profound gratitude. 
f 
REPEAL WILL AFFECT EVERY AMERICAN (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise out of a deep concern, not just for the 30 million Americans who will lose access to health coverage and the tens of mil-lions of others who will see their costs rise if Republicans repeal the Afford-able Care Act without a replacement, but as well for every American because the repeal will affect every American, including every American who has health insurance through their em-ployer. Let there be no mistake. Every American will be adversely affected by the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. The repeal and delay plan ought to be called repeal and deny, deny health coverage to tens of millions, deny tax credits to small businesses to help them cover their employees, deny those with preexisting conditions pro-tection from high premiums and cov-erage denials, and deny parents from covering their children under age 26 through their own insurance plans. Every American will be adversely af-fected if we repeal the Affordable Care Act. I heard recently through social media from a woman in my district whose family was able to save more than $1,200 a month because of the ACA mar-ketplace. Another wrote to tell me that the ACA made it possible for her to sign up for coverage for the first time in years since she lost her job and her employer-based insurance. When she needed to be hospitalized this spring, having coverage saved her life. Repeal and deny would be a disaster for our people and our economy. I urge my Republican friends to instead work with the Democrats to improve the Af-fordable Care Act. 
f 
CAMERAS IN THE U.S. SUPREME COURT (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans nationwide are interested in watching the Supreme Court at work, but only a handful on any given day are allowed to have access to the court-room. The courtroom is small and seat-ing is limited. Well, why not give the public the ability to view the pro-ceedings in their entirety on television or through live streaming? Public court hearings are the bed-rock of American justice. Americans want to know what is going on behind those closed doors. A simple nonintru-sive camera would allow for greater transparency and greater faith in the decisions made by the most powerful Court in the world. I was one of the first judges in Texas to allow cameras in the courtroom. All the naysayers said: oh, it won’t work. But it did. It benefited everyone. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) and I are once again cospon-soring a bill to allow cameras in the Supreme Court. It is better to show all of the proceedings to the public than to rely on a 30-second sound bite from a news reporter on television during the 6:00 news. It is time for cameras in the Supreme Court. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
KEEP AMERICA HEALTHY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to keep America healthy, saving the Affordable Care Act. I rise in the name of Cynthia Perry, facing a life-or-death scenario. Without the law in place, Cynthia Perry would also be facing life or death. Perry suf-fers from an immune deficiency that requires her to take medication she es-timates costs roughly $40,000 a year. Cynthia, who lives today. I rise to keep America healthy. Kath-ryn Will, terrified about losing access to treatment, terrified because she, herself, at 28 years old, was diagnosed with stage III breast cancer. I rise to keep America healthy be-cause a Senator from Kentucky said we need to think through how we do this, and it is a huge mistake for Repub-licans if they do not vote for replace-ment on the same day they vote for re-peal. I rise to keep America healthy and not give hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to insurance companies and drug manufacturers while elimi-nating tax credits for millions of work-ing Americans. I rise to keep America healthy. Vote to save the Affordable Care Act. 
f 
SOUTH CAROLINA FIFTH MOST POPULAR STATE FOR NEW RESI-DENTS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week The Post and Cou-rier of Charleston announced that South Carolina is the fifth most pop-ular State for new residents. In an an-nual study conducted by United Van Lines, South Carolina achieved being in a top place for people looking to re-locate, whether for a job, retirement, or temperate climate. The Post and Courier detailed that the moving company this week said 60 percent of the trucks in South Carolina dropped off household goods for new-comers, placing it among the top des-tinations for those seeking a new home. The article also reveals that re-cent data from the Census Bureau con-firms the Palmetto State is gaining significantly. I am grateful to Governor Nikki Haley, incoming Governor Henry McMaster, Secretary of Commerce Bobby Hitt, and everyone who works each day to promote South Carolina as a great place to live, work, and raise a family. We have a probusiness mindset. We are military friendly. We have com-munities that promote job creation. We have a State that is ready to welcome transplants. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
LET’S WORK TO IMPROVE OUR HEALTHCARE PLAN (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, in his farewell speech, President Obama said that if anyone can put together an al-ternative healthcare plan that is de-monstrably better and covers as many people at less cost, he would publicly support it. I feel the same way. The ACA is not perfect, and anyone who is serious about working to im-prove our healthcare system should count me as a willing partner. But that is not what we have heard from Presi-dent-elect Trump and my Republican colleagues. Their irresponsible plan is to repeal ObamaCare and then figure out what comes next. That is like jumping ship without a life raft or a plan. Repealing ObamaCare will leave 1.2 million people in my State without health insurance, allowing insurers to again deny coverage based on pre-existing conditions or put annual and lifetime caps on coverage, and deny young people the option of staying on their parents’ plan. This will hurt real people who depend on the Affordable Care Act. I urge my colleagues to join me in finding ways to improve our Nation’s healthcare system rather than burning it down. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.017 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH402 January 12, 2017 
b1215 THE TRUE DRIVERS OF MINNESOTA’S ECONOMY (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate three small busi-nesses in Elk River, Minnesota, who have been recognized by the Elk River Chamber of Commerce for their out-standing track record over the past year. I want to congratulate the First Na-tional Bank for being named Business of the Year, Serrano Brothers Catering for being recognized as the New Busi-ness of the Year, and Sportech for being honored as the Employer of the Year. Small businesses are a huge driver of our economy in the State of Min-nesota, and they are what make each city and town unique. Running a small business is no easy task, and the entre-preneurs who open these businesses take a personal risk to bring jobs, com-merce, and excellent products and serv-ices to our communities. We cannot thank them enough for their valuable contribution, which is why I am proud today to thank and congratulate First National Bank, Serrano Brothers Catering, and Sportech for everything they do for our community and for the great State of Minnesota. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BISHOP O’DOWD AND M
CCLYMONDS ON FOOT-BALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIPS (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me first say how happy I am today to acknowl-edge the extraordinary accomplish-ments of two high school football teams in my beautiful congressional district. Until now, Oakland, Cali-fornia, never held a State champion-ship, but now we have two. On Decem-ber 17, Bishop O’Dowd clinched the CIF State Division 5–AA Championship. They beat Valley View High School 43– 24, with former Oakland Raiders run-ning back Coach Napoleon Kaufman leading them to victory. The same day, McClymonds’ Warriors claimed the CIF State 5–A Championship with a 20–17 victory, becoming the first Oakland Athletic League team to win a State championship. McClymonds is a public historic high school in the West Oakland community of my district. Coach Michael Peters has coached McClymonds since 1992 and has shown his commitment over the years to ensuring his athletes succeed both on the field and in the classroom. Bishop O’Dowd, a Catholic high school, has been an athletic force for years, and I am so proud of their team. They have achieved the historic ac-complishment of their championship also. These young athletes have embodied the spirit, the passion, and the sports-manship of Oakland and the entire East Bay. Please join me in congratu-lating them on these championships. f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, during Human Trafficking Awareness Month, I rise in support of the 21 million men, women, and children worldwide who are victims of this insidious enterprise. Human trafficking is nothing less than modern-day slavery. It targets soci-ety’s most vulnerable, stealing their souls and depriving them of any hope to escape a downward spiral of despair. Nations must be held accountable for their efforts to eradicate human traf-ficking within their borders, which is why, today, I am reintroducing the Sex Trafficking Demand Reduction Act. This legislation targets the demand for commercial sex because the evidence is clear that, where markets for commer-cial sex exist, human trafficking pro-liferates as well. The bill requires gov-ernments to take the initiative to eliminate the demand for purchase of commercial sex in their efforts to com-bat human trafficking overall. As a member of the Congressional Human Trafficking Caucus, I am pleased to see Congress taking a lead-ership role in the fight against human trafficking. We are getting closer to the day when human trafficking will no longer represent a blight on human-ity and we will see victims and sur-vivors created in God’s image fully re-stored. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FRANK B. MESIAH OF BUFFALO, NEW YORK (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is a time in our country to reflect on the progress that we have made on civil rights as well as how much fur-ther still as a nation we must go. When contemplating the progress in western New York, Frank B. Mesiah immediately comes to mind. Mr. Mesiah has been a prominent civil rights leader in Buffalo since 1950, fol-lowing his service in the United States Army. Following a 20-year stay as president of the Buffalo NAACP, he re-tired late last year and will continue to be a public watchdog, this time through the lens of an active citizen. During his years of service, Mr. Mesiah has always been the first to stand up and fight on behalf of our community. He played a leading role in desegregating Buffalo public schools, integrating the Buffalo Police Depart-ment, and fighting against noninclu-sive neighborhoods. Mr. Mesiah has been a key leader in promoting tolerance and equality in western New York. While his time as NAACP president has concluded, his wisdom and passion endures in our community, and his work will inspire generations to come. f 
STOP GTMO TRANSFERS (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge this administration to stop releasing terrorists from Guanta-namo, where they can be returned to the Middle East and rejoin the fight. Approximately one in three former Guantanamo Bay detainees are con-firmed to have reengaged or are sus-pected of reengaging in terrorist ac-tivities after transfer. The White House, despite clear un-derstanding of congressional intent, re-cently gave four more individuals the opportunity to resume their fight against American ideals by releasing them to Saudi Arabia. This is irrespon-sible and dangerous. Even more disturbing are the Presi-dent’s plans to transfer more detainees, further threatening the safety of our troops and the security of the Amer-ican people. It is appalling to me that the President would consider transfer-ring the likes of Osama bin Laden’s se-curity guards and others trained by al Qaeda. I urge this administration, in its final 8 days, to bear in mind potential consequences of his decision and to halt any more transfers. The security of American families and military per-sonnel are at stake. 
f 
LET’S NOT REPEAL THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned about the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and what it would mean for Americans struggling with debilitating diseases. Prior to the ACA, the struggle of a debilitating illness like Alzheimer’s or cancer could be compounded because of the financial burden from lack of af-fordable health care. Imagine being de-nied necessary health care because you or a loved one suffered from a pre-existing condition. These are the con-cerns that I am hearing from constitu-ents across the Granite State. Take Sally from West Chesterfield. Her daughter has Crohn’s disease, and she is on their family plan because she is under age 26. She will always need access to health care because of her condition, and if the Affordable Care Act is repealed and not replaced, she could lose coverage because of her pre-existing condition. These concerns are all too commonplace. I agree the ACA is not perfect, and I am committed to working in a bipar-tisan way to ensure the law will work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.019 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H403 January 12, 2017 
for all Americans. But in the mean-time, the ACA is helping 22 million Americans, including 1 in every 10 Granite Staters. We should build on those successes. I urge my colleagues on the Repub-lican side to resist the temptation to repeal the law, especially without a plan that ensures affordable coverage for all Americans. 
f 
OBAMACARE’S MARKETPLACE (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, as a medical provider, I understand how critical and necessary patient choice and input is to the overall quality of our healthcare system. Put simply, pa-tients are better off when they are equipped to make their own decisions. Unfortunately, ObamaCare limits pa-tient choice, as outlined in this chart. In fact, in the ObamaCare market-place, patients in two-thirds of our country are limited to a choice of one or two insurers. Across five entire States, patients have only one option. To me, the marketplace looks more like a government-created monopoly under a system where every American is required by law to purchase the product. To make matters worse, the onerous mandates in the law have led to re-stricted physician networks. So not only do patients have little choice re-garding their insurers, they are also limited to what physicians they can see. It turns out we can’t keep our doc-tors even if we like them. That is why we are offering a Better Way plan that expands choice and empowers patients. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, to know how high the stakes are in the Repub-lican effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, you only have to listen to your constituents. One of the many I have heard from is Kevin Wittbrodt from Warren, Michigan, who writes: ‘‘I’m a Marine Corps veteran, and I’m covered by the VA system, but my wife isn’t. She has kidney disease and I’ve found it hard to get coverage for her with the preexisting condition . . . but I found an affordable plan under the ACA. This allows for continued treat-ment and she’s still with me.’’ ACA is not collapsing, contrary to what the Speaker is saying. The Re-publicans are trying to sink ACA while it is very much afloat and alive for Kevin, his wife, and millions and mil-lions of others. Republicans have been promising a plan for 7 years and never delivered. They will not deliver now for all of America. EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS LEGISLATION (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act, H.R. 437. Last year in Florida alone, we witnessed terrorism, major hurricanes, and the outbreak of the Zika virus. We need to be prepared for these types of emergencies, and we need to make sure our first responders have the tools they need to keep us safe. My bill enhances medical prepared-ness and promotes the stockpiling of medical countermeasures. This in-cludes medical kits, protective gear, ventilators, and more. Importantly, the legislation uses existing grant funds to accomplish this. It does not require new or additional funding. This Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act ensures we take these critical steps now so we are ready in case of crisis. In the wake of an emergency, our first responders bravely risk their lives on behalf of our safety. I intro-duced this bill to protect the public and protect our protecters. f 
CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF SAINT JAMES PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 150th anniver-sary of the Saint James Presbyterian Church of Greensboro, North Carolina. As the third oldest African American church in Greensboro, Saint James is rich in history and tradition. Under the leadership of Reverend Dr. Diane Givens Moffett, Saint James embraces the theme: 150 Years, Celebrating Our Walk-in Faith and Service. It is rare but wonderful to find a group of individuals who have thor-oughly enriched their community through dedicated service and good works. It has been my unique honor to represent the good people of Saint James Presbyterian both in North Carolina and in the Congress for more than 30 years. Saint James has helped make Greensboro a more just and peaceful community, and for that, I am immensely proud. Congratulations, once again, Saint James, on your anniversary—a century plus five decades. I look forward to wit-nessing the many ways in which Saint James will continue to thrive during its next 150 years. 
f 
LIGHT UP STATE COLLEGE AT-TEMPTS GUINNESS WORLD R
ECORD  (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as the mercury dropped to record lows this week in Pennsyl-vania, I rise to highlight an upcoming cold-weather event in State College, Pennsylvania. The Light Up State College will at-tempt to break a Guinness World RECORD next month by lighting more than 3,000 ice luminaries on Allen Street between College Avenue and Beaver Avenue at 6 p.m. the first Sat-urday in February. Now, you may ask: What is an ice lu-minary? According to Guinness, ice lu-minaries are cup-shaped structures made purely out of ice that hold a light inside. Those interested in helping break this record can pick up a do-it- yourself ice luminary kit in downtown State College. The current world record contains 2,561 separate lanterns and was set in 2013 by the residents of a small town in Sweden. They have been making ice lu-minary lanterns to coincide with a nearby winter market for the past 10 years. Light Up State College is a partner-ship of three groups: Centre Founda-tion, Make Space, and the Knight Foundation. Organizers have asked in-dividuals in State College to commit to making ice luminaries, as more than 2,000 are still needed to help put State College over the line and on the map in the Guinness Book of World Records. This record-breaking event will take place in State College on Saturday, February 4. I wish them the best of luck. 
f 
FIGHTING FOR MEDICARE (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, what is the message? I rise today because I am fighting for Medicare, and I oppose any attempts to balance the budget on the backs of sen-iors by privatizing Medicare. For over 50 years, Medicare has guar-anteed health care to all Americans 65 years or older and continues to do so for more than 50 million Americans today. Seniors, like my constituent Linda and her mother, who rely on Medicare for their healthcare needs, do not want Republicans to dismantle it. What is the message, Mr. Speaker? In my home State of Ohio, about 2 million seniors and disabled individ-uals, including 1 million women, 260,000 African Americans, are at risk of los-ing their Medicare benefits if Repub-licans privatize it. Mr. Speaker, I am here to fight for Linda, her mother, for Janet and Mary and Robert and many other seniors who count on Medicare for their doc-tor’s visits, their prescription assist-ance, and many other medical needs. Mr. Speaker, what is the message? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.020 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH404 January 12, 2017 
We cannot let our seniors down. Democrats will fight to preserve Medi-care to protect our seniors for genera-tions to come. 
f 
STRENGTHEN AFFORDABLE CARE ACT—DON’T REPEAL IT (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stand against the plan to re-peal the Affordable Care Act. I believe my job as a Member of Con-gress is to work every day to improve the quality of life for all Americans. If my colleagues and I are going to do our job, access to affordable, quality health care is the very foundation of that. We know for a fact that the Afford-able Care Act is working. Repealing it would put millions at risk of losing ac-cess to health care in a country that I know is the greatest. I ask today: Which family should not have access to quality health care? Repealing the ACA would also have a crippling effect on our economy. Jobs will be lost. My State, Florida, is one that will be hit the hardest. Almost 181,000 Floridians would be at risk of losing their jobs almost immediately if the ACA were to be repealed. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to think long and hard about the people and work to strengthen and not repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
f 
REPEALING WITHOUT REPLACING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT WOULD HARM OUR ECONOMY (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I am Congressman R
AJA K
RISHNAMOORTHI from the great Eighth District of Illinois. I have the honor of representing the hardworking families of Chicago’s west and northwest sub-urbs. Before I took the oath of office last week, I was the president of small busi-nesses in the Chicago area. As a small- business man, I stand here to say that repealing without replacing the Afford-able Care Act would harm our economy and, with it, our working and middle class families. Across our Nation, repealing without replacing the Affordable Care Act would destroy up to 3 million good-pay-ing jobs and destroy $1.5 trillion in eco-nomic activity. Across Illinois, repeal-ing without replacing the ACA would cost upwards of 100,000 jobs; and in the Eighth District alone, repealing with-out replacing the ACA would cost up-wards of 4,000 jobs. Middle class families need good-pay-ing jobs and affordable health care. Re-pealing without replacing the ACA would, unfortunately, rob them of both. DON’T MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after years of attacking the Affordable Care Act, Republican’s re-peal plan will have cold, hard con-sequences for millions of Americans; not just the millions on the insurance exchange, but also those of our con-stituents who receive insurance through their employer coverage. Beginning now, on a State-by-State basis, hospitals, doctors, patient advo-cates, and faith groups will be stepping forward to express the negative im-pacts of repealing the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act has im-proved Americans’ lives in the areas of healthcare coverage, consumer protec-tions, costs, and quality. Millions will lose health coverage. The individual insurance market will be in shambles. Hospitals in our States will lose billions and the economy will be hurt. Without health insurance, people with chronic diseases will lose care and become sicker. Without healthcare coverage, people with chronic diseases die. It is bad for patients, budgets, and the healthcare system as a whole. Every major law that has passed Con-gress needs to have oversight revisions to make sure it is as effective as in-tended. Congress can amend any law, but doing so in a way that will cause mil-lions of Americans to be without insur-ance is just wrong. No repeal without a replacement. f 
REPLACE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT—DON’T REPEAL IT (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, the Re-publican majority has declared its in-tent to immediately pass legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act without a replacement. That means millions of Americans with health insurance today will lose their coverage. That is people like Michelle from New Brunswick in my district who re-cently wrote to me and said: ‘‘As a sur-vivor of childhood cancer, I am deeply concerned about the repeal of the ACA, which could bar me from obtaining health insurance due to my pre-exist-ing conditions. ‘‘I accessed coverage from the ACA insurance exchange when I lost my job due to a health condition in 2014–2015. Because I had affordable coverage, I was able to obtain the necessary care needed to recover from the long-term effects from cancer. Now, I’m back on my feet, working, and contributing to the American economy. ‘‘I urge you to please defend the ACA and help the 335,000-plus cancer sur-vivors in New Jersey who depend on it.’’ Mr. Speaker, the public deserves thorough and complete information on how working families will fare com-pared to today if the law is repealed. Health care means life or death for American families. It is also nearly 18 percent of the Nation’s gross domestic product. Often a hospital or health sys-tem is the largest employer in a county or town. We can’t afford to be capri-cious with our approach to health care. f 
REPEAL OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring attention to the burden ObamaCare has placed upon my con-stituents. They have seen their healthcare costs rise while their quality of care has lowered. It is imperative that we repeal ObamaCare immediately. I also emphasize to the folks here and at home that, as we repeal ObamaCare, we will make sure there is a stable transition period during the replace-ment so that people do not have the rug pulled out from under them. This transition period will give us the time we need to ensure our healthcare re-form is full of truly patient-centered solutions that allow patients, families, and doctors to direct their health care. Congress must focus on the principles of affordability, accessibility, and qual-ity to provide the American people with genuine healthcare reform, but we can only get to that point by repealing ObamaCare now. I promise to read the bill before voting on it, unlike how it was passed. 
f 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 238. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 40 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 238. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1239 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.023 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H405 January 12, 2017 
House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 238) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and ac-countability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ) and the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 238, the Com-modity End-User Relief Act. The Commodity End-User Relief Act is a bipartisan bill to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, to make much-needed regulatory reforms, and, most importantly, to make statutory changes to protect end users and give them access to the tools they need to manage their risks. Over the past 4 years, the House Committee on Agriculture has held al-most two dozen hearings that have ex-amined the Commission and have in-vestigated the impacts of the Dodd- Frank Act on derivatives markets. Our witnesses, many of whom were market participants who were struggling to comply with burdensome rules and am-biguous portions of the underlying statute, were consistent in their call for relief. To address their concerns, H.R. 238 makes reforms that fall into three broad categories: customer pro-tections, Commission reforms, and end- user relief. Title I of the bill protects customers and the margin funds they deposit at their Futures Commission Merchants by codifying critical changes made dur-ing the collapse and bankruptcies of MF Global and Peregrine Financial Group. Title II makes meaningful reforms to the operations of the Commission to improve the agency’s deliberative proc-ess. In doing so, it also requires the Commission to conduct more thorough and robust cost-benefit analysis to help get future rulemakings right the first time. While the CFTC is already re-quired to consider costs and benefits of the rules it proposes, its work has been called into question by the CFTC’s in-spector general, who reported the Com-mission staff seemed to view the proc-ess as more of a legal one than an eco-nomic one. End users are the businesses that provide Americans with food, clothing, transportation, electricity, heat, and much more. Companies that produce, consume, and transport the commod-ities that make modern life possible use futures and swaps markets to re-duce the uncertainty that their busi-nesses face. Farmers hedge their crops in the spring so they know what they will get paid in the fall. Utilities hedge the price of energy so they can charge customers at a steady rate. Manufac-turers hedge the cost of steel, energy, and other inputs to lock in prices as they work to fill orders. The fact is that no end user played any part in the financial crisis, and no end user currently poses a systemic risk to U.S. derivative markets. Yet, as the Agriculture Committee heard in countless hours of testimony, today it is more difficult and more expensive for them to manage their risks than it was for them 5 years ago. Some of these challenges are the result of ambi-guities and oversights in the text of the Commodity Exchange Act, and some of them result from overzealous rulemakings by the Commission itself. Today’s legislation fixes statutory problems, like section 304, which amends the definition of ‘‘financial en-tity’’ to ensure that some end users don’t lose their clearing exemption simply because a hedging strategy makes up for losses in a physical trans-action; or like section 315, which makes small changes to the swaps’ core principles to align them with conven-tions in the swaps industry, rather than the futures industry, easing com-pliance burdens for these newly regu-lated entities. It also fixes problems that have grown out of the CFTC’s own rulemakings. For example, section 308 sets aside a Commission rule that would automatically lower the trans-action threshold triggering registra-tion as a swap dealer. This costly, com-plex registration process was intended for large financial institutions, but be-cause this registration threshold was set arbitrarily, it has swept up some commodity firms as well. If the limits fall by 60 percent next year, it could sweep up to 100 more firms into the reach of Dodd-Frank. H.R. 238 would fix the level at its cur-rent $8 billion unless the Commission proposes a new rule with evidence of a needed reduction. Similarly, section 313 exempts religious pension plans and university endowments from a new rule that requires them to register as com-modity pool operators simply because they use standardized hedging prod-ucts. What H.R. 238 does not do is roll back a single core tenet of title VII of Dodd- Frank. It does not change the execu-tion, clearing, margining, capital, or reporting frameworks set up by that Act. b1245 In fact, not a single witness who ap-peared before the House Committee on Agriculture ever asked us to fundamen-tally upend these principles. These are concepts that have been part of the swaps markets long before the finan-cial reform happened. The Committee, the Commission, and the industry will continue to grapple with the details of these core tenets, seeking to provide the right mix of flexibility and over-sight. Before I close, I would like to thank members of the Agriculture Committee who sat through all these hearings and all the markups on this issue. Chair-man AUSTIN SCOTT and Ranking Mem-ber D
AVID SCOTT, two of my cosponsors on this legislation, have led most of the Committee’s hearings on these issues, and they have done great work. Together, we have put forward a bi-partisan bill that makes narrowly tar-geted changes to provide relief from regulatory burdens on American busi-nesses. The Commodity End-User Re-lief Act offers meaningful improve-ments for market participants without undermining the basic goals of title VII of Dodd-Frank, and it does so by pro-viding the right relief to the right peo-ple. I urge support of the Commodity End-User Relief Act with all its amend-ments, and I include for the R
ECORD  letters of support from over 30 groups. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : I am writing concerning H.R. 238, the ‘‘Customer Protec-tion and End-User Relief Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 238 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 238 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be placed in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 238, ‘‘Customer Protection and End-User Relief Act.’’ I ap-preciate your support in bringing this legis-lation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Financial Services will forego ac-tion on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.025 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH406 January 12, 2017 
consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Financial Services does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Financial Services represented on the con-ference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Financial Services as this bill moves through the legis-lative process. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, January 6, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN CONAWAY : I write with re-spect to H.R. 238, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act.’’ As a result of your having con-sulted with us on provisions within H.R. 238 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 238 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 238 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 238. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 238, ‘‘Customer Protection and End-User Relief Act.’’ I ap-preciate your support in bringing this legis-lation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on the Judiciary does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on the Judi-ciary as this bill moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
SUPPORTERS OF HR 238 , THE COMMODITY END - 
USER RELIEF ACT : American Cotton Shippers Association, American Farm Bureau Federation, Amer-ican Feed Industry Association, American Gas Association (AGA), American Public Power Association (APPA), American Soy-bean Association, Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America, Church Alli-ance of Church Benefits Programs, Com-modity Markets Council, Edison Electric In-stitute (EEI), Futures Industry Association (FIA), Grain and Feed Association of Illinois, International Swaps and Derivative Associa-tion (ISDA), Kansas Grain and Feed Associa-tion, Michigan Agri-Business Association, Michigan Bean Shippers Association, Na-tional Association of Wheat Growers, Na-tional Cattlemen’s Beef Association National Corn Growers Association, Na-tional Cotton Council, National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, National Grain and Feed Association, National Milk Producers Federation, National Pork Producers Coun-cil, National Rural Electric Cooperatives As-sociation (NRECA), National Sorghum Pro-ducers, Nebraska Grain and Feed Associa-tion, North American Millers Association, Northeast Agribusiness and Feed Alliance, Ohio AgriBusiness Association, SIFMA, South Dakota Grain and Feed Association, The Jewish Federations of North America, USA Rice, Wisconsin Agri-Business Associa-tion. 
JANUARY 11, 2017. D
EAR MEMBER OF THE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES : The undersigned organiza-tions represent a very broad cross-section of U.S. production agriculture and agri-business. We urge you to cast an affirmative vote on H.R. 238, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act,’’ when it moves to the floor for consideration. This legislation contains a number of im-portant provisions for agricultural and agri-business hedgers who use futures and swaps to manage their business and production risks. Some, but certainly not all, of the bill’s important provisions include: Sections 101–103—Codify important cus-tomer protections to help prevent another MF Global situation. Section 104—Provides a permanent solu-tion to the residual interest problem that would have put more customer funds at risk—and potentially driven farmers, ranch-ers and small hedgers out of futures mar-kets—by forcing pre-margining of their hedge accounts. Section 306—Relief from burdensome and technologically infeasible recordkeeping re-quirements in commodity markets. Section 308—Requires the CFTC to conduct a study and issue a rule before reducing the de minimis threshold for swap dealer reg-istration in order to make sure that doing so would not harm market liquidity and end- user access to markets. Section 311—Confirms the intent of Dodd- Frank that anticipatory hedging is consid-ered bona fide hedging activity. Thank you in advance for your support of this bill that is so important to U.S. farmers, ranchers, hedgers and futures customers. Sincerely, American Cotton Shippers Association, American Farm Bureau Federation, Amer-ican Feed Industry Association, American Soybean Association, Grain and Feed Asso-ciation of Illinois, Kansas Grain and Feed Association, Michigan Agri-Business Asso-ciation, Michigan Bean Shippers, National Association of Wheat Growers, National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton Coun-cil. National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, National Grain and Feed Association, Na-tional Milk Producers Federation, National Pork Producers Council, National Sorghum Producers, Nebraska Grain and Feed Asso-ciation, North American Millers Association, Northeast Agribusiness and Feed Alliance, Ohio AgriBusiness Association, South Da-kota Grain and Feed Association, USA Rice, Wisconsin Agri-Business Association. AMERICAN GASASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, January 9, 2017. Hon. M
IKECONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : The American Gas Association (AGA) supports the Com-modity End-User Relief Act (H.R. 238), a bill to reauthorize the Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) that would improve Commodity Fu-ture Trading Commission (CFTC) operations and provide much-needed marketplace cer-tainty and regulatory relief for natural gas utilities and the American homes and busi-nesses to which they deliver natural gas. The American Gas Association (AGA), founded in 1918, represents more than 200 local energy companies that deliver clean natural gas throughout the United States. There are more than 72 million residential, commercial and industrial natural gas cus-tomers in the U.S., of which 95 percent—just under 69 million customers—receive their gas from AGA members. AGA is an advocate for natural gas utility companies and their customers and provides a broad range of pro-grams and services for member natural gas pipelines, marketers, gatherers, inter-national natural gas companies and industry associates. Today, natural gas meets more than one-fourth of the United States’ energy needs. H.R. 238 will benefit our industry by ex-empting end-user physical contracts from ‘‘swaps’’ and ‘‘options’’ regulation more ap-plicable to sophisticated financial derivative transactions. Specifically, HR 238 would clar-ify that contracts containing delivery terms with volumetric optionality, but intended to result in the physical delivery of natural gas, will not be treated by the CFTC as swaps. Currently, the CFTC has provided some guid-ance on how physical natural gas contracts with volumetric optionality are to be re-viewed for regulatory treatment, but consid-erable confusion and uncertainty still exists. This uncertainty has caused concern regard-ing the impact on the willingness of gas sup-pliers to offer flexible delivery volume terms, leaving gas utilities with fewer deliv-ery options and more expensive contracts— costs ultimately passed to the consumer. HR 238 provides needed regulatory certainty to the physical natural gas marketplace, as re-quested by AGA and other industry stake-holders for several years. H.R. 238 will also help the CFTC become a more responsive and well-equipped regulator by subjecting its rulemakings to administra-tive process reforms and judicial review. Current CFTC administrative rulemaking procedures are vague and provide insuffi-cient avenues for the public to participate in and seek guidance on rulemakings. This bill would require the CFTC to comply with the Administrative Procedures Act to ensure public notice-and-comment on rules or guid-ance that have legally-binding effects. Finally, H.R. 238 would allow the federal appellate courts to directly review CFTC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.008 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H407 January 12, 2017 
rules, replacing the protracted and expensive trial court process currently in effect as the default rule for judicial review. This change will not increase litigation nor will it dis-rupt the CFTC. Rather, it will incentivize the CFTC to write better rules and avoid challenge altogether. Also, any inevitable legal challenges will be more swiftly decided by appellate courts, benefitting the regu-lator and the regulated community. All of the key federal rulemaking agencies are sub-ject to direct appellate review—including the Securities Exchange Commission and Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission. There is no logical justification to treat the CFTC differently. Congress certainly did not intend to pro-vide the CFTC a large new regulatory man-date without giving it the necessary guid-ance and authority to do its job. Further-more, Congress did not intend for the CEA to constrain liquidity in the physical natural gas marketplace, create business-changing impacts on regulated natural gas utilities, or increase the costs of reliable service for nat-ural gas consumers. As such, AGA supports the Commodity End-User Relief Act because it provides the CFTC with the tools nec-essary to be a responsive regulator and re-stores the regulatory confidence that nat-ural gas utilities rely on to procure natural gas supplies at the lowest reasonable cost for the benefit of America’s natural gas con-sumers. Sincerely, G
EORGE LOWE, Vice President, Federal Affairs, American Gas Association. 
AMERICAN PUBLIC POWERTM A
SSOCIATION , Arlington, VA, January 10, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Hon. C
OLLIN C. P ETERSON , Committee on Agriculture, House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY AND RANKING  M
EMBER PETERSON : On behalf of the Amer-ican Public Power Association (APPA), I am writing in support of H.R. 238, the Com-modity End-User Relief Act (CERA) of 2017. The legislation includes important relief for public power utilities and other end-users seeking to use swaps to hedge commercial- operations risks. Community-owned, not-for-profit public power utilities power homes and businesses in 2,000 communities —from small towns to large cities. They safely provide reliable, low-cost electricity to more than 49 million Americans, while protecting the environ-ment. These utilities generate or buy elec-tricity from diverse sources. They employ 93,000 people and earn $58 billion in revenue each year. Public power supports local com-merce and jobs and invests back into the community. Public power utilities use swaps, options, forward contracts and other tools to manage commercial operations risks. As not-for- profit entities, their goal is to provide af-fordable and reliable power to customers. APPA supports the market clarity and over-sight provided by the Commodity Exchange Act (CEA), and supports appropriately fund-ing the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission (CFTC). To date, however, imple-mentation of the Dodd-Frank Act amend-ments to the CEA shows clear short-com-ings. CERA would address these concerns, for example, by codifying CFTC rules allowing public power utilities to enter swaps with the full array of counterparties to swaps needed to hedge their commercial operations risks. CERA would also address issues re-lated to the definition of ‘‘bona fide hedg-ing,’’ swap reporting in illiquid markets, and forward contracts with volumetric optionality. These provisions would help public power utilities and other commercial end users. On the whole, we believe these provisions will ensure that public power utilities can continue to make full use of financial tools necessary to keep electric power prices sta-ble and affordable to our customers. Thank for your time and consideration. Sincerely, SUSAN N. K ELLY , President & CEO. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. T
O THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce strongly supports H.R. 238, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act.’’ H.R. 238 would reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (‘‘CFTC’’) and enact a number of important reforms to provide reg-ulatory relief for end users of the derivatives market. It would also promote account-ability at the CFTC and protect Main Street businesses from onerous and unintended con-sequences of derivatives regulation. The Chamber supports several amendments being offered to H.R. 238. Specifically, the Chamber supports Congressman Lucas’ amendment to provide relief to Main Street businesses by clarifying the treatment of interaffiliate swaps. The amendment would drive down the cost of using derivatives by end-users and help Main Street businesses employ safe and effective risk management strategies on a more cost-effective basis. The Chamber also supports the amendment sponsored by Congressman Duffy and Con-gressman Scott to clarify that the CFTC shall not have the authority to access pro-prietary source code without a subpoena. Their amendment would protect highly sen-sitive intellectual property, which would re-spect established due process rights and en-sure that proprietary source code does not fall into the wrong hands as a result of a cyberattack or wrongdoing. Finally, as the bill moves forward, the Chamber urges consideration of how best to address the cross-border regulation of deriva-tives. We strongly believe that H.R. 238 should appropriately reflect the potential impact of punitive or excessive cross-border rules on Main Street businesses seeking to prudently hedge their commercial and mar-ket risks, both in the U.S. and abroad. We look forward to continuing to work with the sponsors of H.R. 238 on this issue as the bill moves forward. The Chamber commends the House of Rep-resentatives for prioritizing regulatory re-form in the 115th Congress and urges the House to approve H.R. 238 and the amend-ments listed above as expeditiously as pos-sible. Sincerely, J
ACKHOWARD . 
CHURCH ALLIANCE , January 9, 2017. H
ON. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN CONAWAY : On behalf of the Church Alliance, I write to thank you for your leadership on H.R. 238, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act.’’ The Church Alliance is a coalition of the chief executive officers of 37 church benefit programs. It includes mainline Protestant denominations, two branches of Judaism, and Catholic dioceses, schools and institu-tions. The benefit programs (‘‘church plans’’) provide retirement and health benefits to more than 1 million clergy, lay workers, and their family members. H.R. 238 contains a provision expanding the church plan exemption from the commodity pool operator (‘‘CPO’’) and commodity trad-ing advisor (‘‘CTA’’) rules under the Com-modity Exchange Act (‘‘CEA’’) to include church plan-related accounts, such as endow-ments or foundations of churches and church-controlled nonprofits. The provision was included by a bipartisan, broadly-sup-ported amendment during the House Agri-culture Committee’s consideration of CFTC reauthorization legislation in the 114th Con-gress. Under current law, church plans are gen-erally exempt from the CPO and CTA re-quirements; however, the exemption does not include church plan-related accounts. Church benefits boards often use investment managers or advisers that engage in com-modities transactions for the purposes of di-versification and hedging. Church benefits boards also have the ability to pool plan as-sets with other church-related funds purely for investment management purposes for the benefit of the church. This reduces invest-ment fees for church-related entities, as well as benefit plan participants by providing economies of scale. In contrast to the CEA and implementing regulations, the securities laws contain nec-essary exemptions for church plans and church plan-related accounts for the same reason noted above. Under these laws, church plans are not required to register or report as investment companies, register se-curities held, or disclose information about the securities they hold. H.R. 238 similarly exempts church plans and church plan-related accounts from the commodity pool definition and from CTA registration requirements. The exemptions would provide parity between securities and commodities laws concerning church plans and church plan-related accounts. Addition-ally, the exemptions would reduce the cost to church plans and would ensure they have the full benefit of commodities investments that provide diversification, opportunities to hedge, and returns. The ultimate benefit would be to clergy and church lay worker participants in the retirement and welfare plans, who have devoted their lives to the work of the church. We respectfully urge the enactment of CFTC reauthorization legislation which in-cludes much-needed relief for church plans and church-plan related accounts from the CPO and CTA requirements, along the lines of H.R. 238, as soon as possible. Thank you for your leadership and support on this im-portant issue. Sincerely yours, BARBARA A. B OIGEGRAIN . 
COMMODITY MARKETS COUNCIL , Washington, DC, January 9, 2017. Chairman M
IKECONAWAY , House Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : We, the Com-modity Markets Council (CMC), write in sup-port of H.R. 238, a bill to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (‘‘CFTC’’). CMC is a trade association that brings to-gether exchanges and their industry counter-parts. Its members include commercial end- users that utilize the futures and swaps mar-kets for agriculture, energy, metal, and soft commodities. Its industry member firms also include regular users and members of swap execution facilities (each, a ‘‘SEF’’) as well as designated contract markets (each, a ‘‘DCM’’), such as the Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, ICE Futures US, Minneapolis Grain Exchange, NASDAQ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.006 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH408 January 12, 2017 
Futures, and the New York Mercantile Ex-change. Along with these market partici-pants, CMC members also include regulated derivatives exchanges. The businesses of all CMC members depend upon the efficient and competitive func-tioning of the risk management products traded on DCMs, SEFs, and over-the-counter (‘‘OTC’’) markets. As a result, CMC is well- positioned to provide a consensus view of commercial end-users on the impact of the Commission’s proposed regulations on de-rivatives markets. Its comments, however, represent the collective view of CMC’s mem-bers, including end-users, intermediaries, ex-changes, and benchmark providers. CMC urges you to support this legislation to reauthorize the CFTC because the bill contains clarifications similar to those in H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User Relief Act, from the last Congressional session (114th Congress), which passed the House Ag-riculture Committee and the U.S. House of Representatives with bipartisan support. We believe the provisions in this legislation would go a long way to addressing the unin-tended consequences Main Street businesses have suffered as a result of derivatives regu-lation intended for Wall Street. Many of the fixes in this legislation are ur-gently needed to stop upcoming initiatives that will greatly harm end-users and dras-tically reduce the economic efficiency of hedges. Although the CFTC has recently made great strides in addressing end-users’ concerns, some of the remedies needed can only be addressed by Congress. We respectfully request your support for these non-controversial fixes that are of such importance to end-users. Thank you for your consideration and your continued leadership. Sincerely, G
REGG DOUD, President, Commodity Markets Council. 
EDISON ELECTRIC INSTITUTE , January 9, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, House Agriculture Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. C
OLLIN PETERSON , Ranking Member, House Agriculture Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, L EADER PELOSI , C
HAIRMAN CONAWAY , AND RANKING MEMBER  P
ETERSON : On behalf of the member compa-nies of the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), I want to express our strong support for H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. Key provisions in the legislation provide addi-tional certainty and clarify congressional in-tent on a number of issues of significant im-portance to EEI members. EEI is the association of U.S. investor- owned electric companies. EEI’s members provide electricity for 220 million Ameri-cans, operate in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, and directly and indirectly cre-ate jobs for more than 1 million Americans. With more than $100 billion in annual capital expenditures, the electric power industry is responsible for providing safe, reliable, af-fordable, and sustainable electricity that powers the economy and enhances the lives of all Americans. EEI members are non-financial entities that participate in the physical commodity market and rely on swaps and futures con-tracts primarily to hedge and mitigate their commercial risk. The goal of our member companies is to provide their customers with reliable electric service at affordable and stable rates, which has a direct and signifi-cant impact on literally every area of the U.S. economy. Since wholesale electricity and natural gas historically have been two of the most volatile commodity groups, our member companies place a strong emphasis on managing the price volatility inherent in these wholesale commodity markets to the benefit of their customers. The derivatives market has proven to be an extremely effec-tive tool in insulating our customers from this risk and price volatility. In sum, our members are the quintessential commercial end-users of swaps. As such, regulations that make effective risk management options more costly for end-users of swaps will likely result in high-er and more volatile energy prices for retail, commercial, and industrial customers. H.R. 238 goes a long way in providing much need-ed regulatory relief and even greater clarity to the compliance landscape facing EEI and the entire end-user community going for-ward. Thank you for your leadership on these im-portant issues. We look forward to working with you to advance this legislation through the House. Sincerely, THOMAS R. K UHN. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in opposition to this bill. The bill last Congress went too far; and the one in this Congress, in my opinion, is going too far as well. The Commission, in my opinion, just needs a simple re-authorization. I urge Members to con-sider this when deciding how to vote on the amendments that will be debated here on the floor. Title II actually makes it more dif-ficult for the Commission to function, and I am also concerned that title III’s cross-border rulemaking mandate will result in a race to the bottom for mul-tinational banks in the swaps market, which is a global market. On top of that, this bill caps the agency’s yearly budget at $250 million for the next 5 years, and it does this when every single witness before the Agriculture Committee last year told us that the agency needs more re-sources to do its work. Well, maybe that is the whole point—that this bill will leave the agency to not doing much, and I think that would be a mis-take. We tried that once before, and we found ourselves in a real mess. Since we last discussed reauthoriza-tion, the market situation has changed, and the CFTC has addressed many of our concerns through rule-making. Yet, the Agriculture Com-mittee wasn’t given the chance to con-sider these issues before the bill was rushed to the floor here today. So we are moving forward, once again, with-out regular order. Again, I oppose this bill and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ), who is the subcommittee chairman for the Gen-eral Farm Commodities and Risk Man-agement Subcommittee. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, 5 years of bipartisan committee work has contributed to the drafting of H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. It is time we passed it for the sake of businesses across the United States who need greater certainty in man-aging their risk. In advance of writing this legislation to reauthorize the CFTC, the House Committee on Agriculture held 22 hear-ings on the future of the Commission and the state of the derivatives indus-try. I mention the number 22 to high-light how extensive the data collection and deliberation has been. To make this reauthorization as complete and thorough as possible, those 22 hearings collected feedback and testimony from every segment of the futures and swaps markets, from end users to regulators. We have used the testimony to draft legislation that will make derivatives markets work better for those who need them most: businesses trying to manage their risk. But not only is this reauthorization language exhaustively researched, it has also already been approved by this Chamber multiple times, starting in the 113th Congress. In the 113th Congress, the Committee completed H.R. 4413, which passed the House with strong bipartisan support. In the 114th Congress, we put forward the Commodity End-User Relief Act of 2015, which was very similar to H.R. 4413, and also passed the House with support from both parties. Now, not only is H.R. 238 virtually identical to the reauthorization bill, which passed the House last Congress, H.R. 238 also includes the amendments that were adopted on the House floor during de-bate. I will turn my focus toward the peo-ple that this tested and proven lan-guage will help, largely end users. Al-though end users are not investors, speculators, or risk takers, they have borne the brunt of many of the con-sequences of new regulations. Derivatives are used by a huge swath of businesses for risk management pur-poses, including manufacturers, farm-ers, ranchers, and other businesses that buy or sell products overseas, pension funds, insurance companies, and others who face risks that the prices for their business inputs and outputs frequently fluctuate. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this long overdue legisla-tion. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ). Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in opposition to H.R. 238 and express my concerns with the proc-ess and the need for this legislation at this time. As we all know, the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission is an inde-pendent Federal regulatory agency that, after the 2008 financial crisis, took on more responsibility to bring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.011 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H409 January 12, 2017 
greater transparency and oversight to the multihundred-trillion-dollar de-rivatives market. This new bill, H.R. 238, has new man-dates and steps in it which will force the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission to redirect funding from its core mission to satisfy some of the new mandates within this rule. H.R. 238 sets a flat reauthorization level of $250 million per year for the next 5 years, despite the annual aver-age budget requests of the agency of well over $300 million since passage of Dodd-Frank. Freezing the funding level makes the new rules almost impossible to enforce. While we understand the need for the end users, the work of this group must go forward. This punitive level effectively caps the CFTC budget and is a substantial departure from past reauthorization language providing for such funding as may be necessary for CFTC to carry out its expanded authorities under Dodd-Frank. H.R. 238 will make it more difficult for CFTC to function and stifles its ability to respond quickly to the rap-idly changing markets it regulates. I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for hav-ing allowed us in the last Congress to have many hearings and discussions about this bill; but we have not even, as a matter, organized the Agriculture Committee in the 115th Congress to bring this matter to the floor at this time. Therefore, the substance of the bill, as well as the process by which it is coming to this floor, are to be ques-tioned at this time. I urge my colleagues to vote against the bill. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
AVIS), who is the sub-committee chairman for the Sub-committee on Biotechnology, Horti-culture, and Research. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong sup-port of this legislation. Farming is an inherently risky busi-ness. Yet, I am incredibly grateful to the farmers in my district and across the country who proudly take on these risks in order to provide our country and many countries across this globe with a sustainable, abundant food sup-ply. Given the importance of agri-culture to our Nation’s food supply, it makes sense to provide farmers, agri-businesses, and manufacturers the tools to hedge the risks that come with doing their business. Because of the risks of price move-ments in commodities, such as corn and soybeans, these end users use de-rivatives to ensure they and their cus-tomers aren’t negatively impacted by sudden price changes. This legislation reauthorizes the CFTC, which has been without a statu-tory authorization for almost 4 years. That is unacceptable, Mr. Chairman. If we are serious about getting back to regular order in regards to the appro-priations process, the authorizing com-mittees must hold up their end of the bargain. The derivatives industry has been through major reforms during the past few years. This legislation recognizes and appreciates the transformation of this industry while providing Congress with an opportunity to use the reau-thorization process as a means to im-prove the regulatory environment and the impact it has on responsible mar-ket participants. In that vein, this legislation also in-cludes an amendment I offered at the Committee that would remove unnec-essary and duplicative regulations cre-ated by the CFTC that requires certain registered investment companies, such as mutual funds, to be regulated by both the SEC and the CFTC. Costly, burdensome, redundant regu-lations have real-world impacts. Con-gress needs to shift its focus back to policies that promote strong and healthy markets. This is a great start. Mr. Chairman, I am proud of the Committee’s work on this bill. I want to express my appreciation for Chair-man CONAWAY ’s leadership and work to get us here. This is an important bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 238, legislation to reauthorize the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, better known as the CFTC. Instead of working through regular order to produce an authorization bill that both Democrats and Republicans could have supported, the majority in this House rushed to the floor a deeply flawed piece of legislation that hamstrings the CFTC and undermines its ability to react to changing market conditions. The burdensome requirements in this legislation and the lack of appropriate funding are nothing more than a mis-guided attempt by Republicans to make it more difficult for the Commis-sion to function—to make it harder to protect consumers and make it more difficult to rein in the abuses of Wall Street. I strongly object to the authorization level in this legislation. Basically, my Republican friends are flat funding the CFTC for 5 years, and that is despite calls from the former and current chairman asking us to provide addi-tional resources to the agency to en-hance their ability to police Wall Street. Now, Dodd-Frank significantly ex-panded the Commission’s role in over-seeing our financial markets, and the Commission has done its part to create rules that will help to prevent another financial crisis, despite the fact that Congress has not provided appropriate funding. Now, I get it. My Republican friends don’t like Dodd-Frank. Ever since they took back control of the House, they have tried to dismantle the law piece by piece, which was enacted to protect consumers and protect our markets in the wake of that terrible financial cri-sis that practically ruined our econ-omy. Now, Republicans say they don’t like regulation, and it seems they espe-cially don’t like any regulation on Wall Street. Have they forgotten the recent financial crisis that nearly destroyed our economy? Have they forgotten who was primarily responsible for that cri-sis? Apparently, they have. Now, I am not for endless and unnecessary regula-tion. Nobody is. But I do think it is ap-propriate for us to create commonsense rules that protect our markets and pro-tect our constituents’ hard-earned dol-lars. I find it troubling the Republican leaders in this House don’t want to pro-vide necessary resources to the Com-mission to patrol Wall Street. Without cops on the beat, who will ensure Wall Street actors aren’t gaming the system and putting the economy at risk for another meltdown. I ask my Repub-lican friends: When will Main Street take priority over Wall Street? I also take issue with the various provisions of this bill that will both slow the agency’s work and create new avenues for costly and lengthy legal battles. By the way, implementing these pro-visions will cost the Commission an ad-ditional $45 million over the next 5 years and will require an additional 30 full-time employees. So in addition to underfunding an already overworked agency, we are creating a situation where even more resources will be needed to satisfy burdensome and un-necessary requirements. Now, that means fewer dollars for the Commis-sion to carry out its core mission of combating abuse and fraud in our mar-kets and ensuring end users, investors, and the public are protected. Now, Mr. Chairman, our constituents didn’t send us to Washington to ignore bad actors in our financial markets. They certainly didn’t send us to Wash-ington to create a regulatory environ-ment that could put us on a path to-ward another downturn. So who are we here to represent, the Wall Street banks or our hardworking constituents who deserve elected Representatives who do everything in their power to prevent another financial crisis? I would also like to say a few words about the cross-border requirements imposed by this bill, requirements that would hamstring the Commission’s ef-forts to regulate the global swaps in-dustry in cooperation with regulators around the globe. My colleagues across the aisle keep saying that this bill is essential to help farmers, ranchers, utilities, and Main Street small business. But the farmers in this country don’t have a London of-fice to trade their swaps, they don’t have a derivatives desk in Tokyo, and they aren’t trading interest rate swaps in Geneva. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.027 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH410 January 12, 2017 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, let’s be clear about who the cross-border provi-sion in this bill is designed to help. It isn’t end users. It isn’t farmers. It isn’t manufacturers or utilities or Main Street businesses. It is the small group of multinational financial firms that have controlled the swaps market from the beginning. We have seen what hap-pens when they are left to their own devices. Crises in the swaps market do not respect national borders and boundaries. And that is why our regu-lators from the Commission have been engaged with their international coun-terparts in crafting rules for these markets since 2009. b1300 They should be encouraged in that ef-fort in every way possible through funding and expansive authority to get the rules right. This bill provides nei-ther. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided legislation. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out for the R
ECORD  that over the past two fiscal years, since 2013, the CFTC has received a 29 percent increase in funding. It has gone from $194 million to its current level of $250 million. I think you would be hard- pressed to find any other agency throughout this government that has gotten a 29 percent increase in its re-sources over that timeframe. I now yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), a valuable member of the Ag Com-mittee. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Commodity End-User Relief Act. I thank the chair-man for the countless hours that he and members and staff of the Ag Com-mittee have put into crafting this bill, which is designed to provide relief to the end users across the Nation that were never intended to be burdened by these rules and regulations. I have heard from many end users in my district about the need for com-monsense reforms to our financial reg-ulations that are encapsulated in this bill. These financial regulations affect entities and the people I represent and rely on every day, from the rural elec-tric cooperatives that use these finan-cial tools to keep energy prices as low and as stable as possible for rural Mis-sourians, to the local grain elevators and farmers that manage their price risk using futures and options at a time when prices are low. And times are hard in farm country. Regulatory relief for Main Street is way past due on these regulations that were de-signed to regulate Wall Street. During this debate, I have heard some of my colleagues’ concerns that this bill has not followed regular order. But we have spent countless hours in briefings, hearings, and markups on this very bill. Many of us even took a trip to Chicago to visit the CFTC office and to tour key industry facilities. In the 6 years that I have served on this committee, we have held 22 hearings on the future of the Commission and the state of the derivatives industry. We held two separate markups on previous versions of this reauthorization in the 113th and 114th Congresses, followed by passage of these bills on the House floor. In fact, the bill we are taking up today is almost identical to the bill passed on this floor last Congress. Every single amendment to this bill of-fered by a Member of the House will be voted on today, including my amend-ment to provide relief to farmers, agri-cultural cooperatives, and grain ele-vators from burdensome reporting re-quirements. The process of considering the bill has been fair and open. I thank the chairman for bringing up this much-needed bill to provide regu-latory relief to my constituents through this fair and open process. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ), a new mem-ber to the House and a new member of the committee, and somebody who ac-tually has experience in this business during his storied career. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member with whom I look forward to serving on the Agri-culture Committee on behalf of the people of Arizona. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to express my deep opposition to H.R. 238. I am troubled by the way this legislation, the Commodity End-User Relief Act, has been brought to the floor. This bill was only introduced last week. It is being rushed to a vote. I am especially bothered by the at-tempt to bring this bill to the floor outside the rules of regular order. There were no committee hearings. There were no markups held by the committee, and the Members of the Agriculture Committee have been de-nied the opportunity to discuss the merits of this legislation. As a freshman member of the 115th Congress, I am especially bothered that this bill has been brought to the floor before the Agriculture Committee has even been fully organized. As a new member of the Ag Committee, I am troubled that my colleagues think they can bypass the important feedback pro-vided during the committee process. I represent over 80 communities in my district with a wide range of opinions and interests. Hearing from my con-stituents and getting feedback is crit-ical to my duties as their Representa-tive in Congress. We should include their voices in the policymaking proc-ess, not just special interests that have the resources to keep lobbyists here in Washington. The committee process allows mem-bers to gather critical information, have a positive discussion, and make necessary changes to the legislation. As everyone on this floor knows, the committee process is essential to en-suring that the interests of the Amer-ican people are truly represented in the legislation and brought to the floor. I understand that this bill was brought up in the 114th Congress where it was reviewed by the committee. It is only right that we maintain our democratic principles and ensure that H.R. 238 fully undergoes committee review in this Congress. Mr. Chairman, this is not a partisan concept. These are the values I held as a Republican State legislator, as a po-lice officer working in the community, and as a community leader. Mr. Chairman, I ask: If this legisla-tion was sent through the committee in the last Congress, is it not going to the committee again? This process subverts the rules of this Congress, which, I might add, were established only last week. Bypassing the normal rules of order marginalizes the voice of the American people in the legislative process and forces a vote on legislation that is not complete. I encourage my colleagues to make sure that the voice of the American people is heard and this legislation is brought up under the rules of regular order. For this reason, I ask my col-leagues to join me in opposing this leg-islation before us. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), an-other valuable member of the Agri-culture Committee. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the opportunity to speak in favor of H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for his leadership and his continued commit-ment to positive reforms through the Agriculture Committee. It has been a privilege to work with him on issues impacting our Nation’s rural commu-nities. I also thank Subcommittee Chairman A
USTIN SCOTT for his work in bringing this bill to the floor yet again. This bill will provide much-needed relief to the end users of this country in the wake of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform bill. End users in the bill are the farmers and ranchers and pub-lic utilities across our country. When costs increase for them, they increase for all Americans. The farmer was not the reason for the economic recession that began in 2008. The rancher was not the reason, nor was the power com-pany. So why bring them under the um-brella of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform? Rural America is not Wall Street. It is this view held by some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle that has alienated so many in rural America. The Agriculture Committee has ap-proved this measure four times through regular order in the com-mittee. Its commonsense reforms have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.029 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H411 January 12, 2017 
garnered bipartisan support in the 114th Congress and the 113th Congress. It is my hope that with this new ad-ministration taking office next week, these commonsense changes will fi-nally be signed into law. I implore my fellow colleagues to lis-ten to rural America. Remember, they are not Wall Street. I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY , Sub-committee Chairman A
USTIN SCOTT, and Ranking Member D
AVID SCOTT for making this a priority. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 238, a bill that would hamstring the ability of the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission to protect our Nation’s farmers, manu-facturers, municipalities, and retirees. Indeed, the agency has weighty respon-sibility to oversee our commodity, fu-tures, and swaps markets to ensure that they are not only fair to market participants, but also that they are protected from manipulation, fraud, and abuse. Such misconduct in these markets can impact everything from the price of oil, natural gas, and bread, to the in-terest rates on mortgages, credit cards, auto loans, and student loans. As we saw in the financial crisis, fraud and abuse in the swaps markets can lead to systemic risks. Recall that credit default swaps, made famous by AIG, fueled the crisis, bankrupted mil-lions of homeowners, and cost tax-payers trillions of dollars. To prevent that from happening again, Congress, in the Dodd-Frank Act, gave the CFTC new authority over the swaps market and required it to adopt reforms which, thanks to its hard work, are largely in place. But rather than applaud the work of the CFTC and provide it with funds it needs to do its job, Republicans con-tinue to seek to undermine its regu-latory authority, impose new proce-dural hurdles, and ultimately thwart its ability to protect the American peo-ple. For example, H.R. 238 would impose onerous burdens and introduce new litigation risks by requiring the CFTC to conduct what is known as cost-ben-efit analysis slanted toward the indus-try, tying the CFTC’s hands and set-ting up roadblocks to prevent them from doing their job and protect inves-tors. This is a tactic used by opponents of financial reform to prevent, delay, weaken, and now under a Trump ad-ministration, repeal any rules imple-menting the Dodd-Frank Act. This bill also would make it harder for the CFTC to police the overseas de-rivatives operations of megabanks like Citigroup, J.P. Morgan and Bank of America, even though the risk may still be borne by U.S. taxpayers. It also creates an unreasonable and hard-to- overturn presumption that the regula-tions of the largest eight foreign swaps markets are equivalent to U.S. regula-tion, allowing global megabanks to opt out of CFTC regulation. H.R. 238 is simply a bad bill, but not leaving well-enough alone, Republicans are attempting to make it worse through multiple amendments. Troublingly, the Lucas amendment would create loopholes in our swaps re-gime by exempting trades between af-filiates. Therefore, such trades would not have to comply with certain re-porting, clearing, or initial margin re-quirements, creating a dangerous blind spot in the markets. What is more, the amendment is in direct contravention to already-provided, targeted relief, in-cluding the inter-affiliate clearing ex-emption that Congress passed in a bi-partisan fashion in the 2016 Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, which con-tained numerous safeguards to ensure appropriate CFTC oversight. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing that and other harmful amendments, and oppose H.R. 238. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out for the R
ECORD  that the cost-benefit analysis rules in this bill are modeled after Executive Order 13563, which President Obama signed into the executive order status, and they are forward-looking. Nothing in our bill would require what might be a much-needed re-look at the Dodd- Frank rules done in the past. The cost- benefit analysis would require any fu-ture rulemaking to comply. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), an-other valuable member of the Agri-culture Committee. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for his lead-ership and the opportunity to speak today. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. For the last 2 years, as a member of the Agriculture Committee, I have worked continuously to improve the operations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Through a great deal of bipartisan hearings, members were able to hear from everyone at the table—the regu-lators, market participants, and end users alike. When discussing how to en-sure robust markets, consumer protec-tions, and relief for end users, H.R. 238 truly represents a true agreement. After all, the end users are our cus-tomers. They are the whole reason for this legislation and this entity to begin with. Another important provision in-cluded in this bill is language I had previously introduced, the Public Power Risk Management Act, which ensures that 47 million Americans who rely on public power for electricity will not see their rates increase due to un-intended consequences of Dodd-Frank. b1315 There are 2,000 publicly owned utili-ties across this country, including one in my own district in the city of Red-ding, who have used swaps to manage their risk for years, and this bill safe-guards their ability to do so while pro-tecting taxpayers from high, unneces-sary costs. Our farmers, ranchers, manufactur-ers—again, the end users—and other businesses who pose no systemic risk to our financial system and did not cause the financial crisis should not have to face costly red tape from poli-cies meant to protect them in the first place. I want to thank, again, Chairman CONAWAY for leading on this issue and for the hard work in committee, all the conversations, all the background it takes to get this done and put the light on the practical effects of the unin-tended consequences on the actual cus-tomers, the end users. This bill is about American producers and consumers. I am proud to be part of this work product we have on the floor today, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is left on both sides. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota has 14
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Re-lief Act. It is simply good governance to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which has been operating without authorization since 2013. I think this legislation represents the kind of thoughtful and bipartisan approach to policymaking that is often lacking in this place. In the 114th Congress, I served as chairman of the Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, and during several of the hear-ings on this reauthorization, we heard diverse perspectives from end users, from market participants, and from regulators. That testimony, coupled with the testimony from numerous other hearings at the subcommittee and full committee level in past Con-gresses, was instrumental in drafting the legislation before us today, which is the same legislation that passed the House of Representatives last Congress in June 2015. This bill includes needed reforms to clarify congressional intent, minimize regulatory burdens, and, most impor-tantly, preserve the ability of nec-essary risk management markets to serve those who need them. Time and again we have heard how end users—who, I want to point out, were not the cause of the financial cri-sis—have been the collateral damage of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.031 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH412 January 12, 2017 
Dodd-Frank reforms. These end users are our farmers, ranchers, manufactur-ers, and electric and gas utilities, and they rely on the derivatives markets to manage their risk, thereby helping to keep consumer costs low. It is essential that we provide end users with much-needed relief and clar-ity in order to prevent the cost of un-necessary regulatory burdens that lead to increased costs and uncertainty being shouldered by the American citi-zens in my district and across the country. I want to note that this legislation in no way undermines the goals of Dodd- Frank. Instead, it simply eases the reg-ulatory burden on those who use the derivatives markets not so they can speculate, but so they can hedge risk. Ultimately, this bill is about pro-tecting the American producer and the American consumer. I want to close by thanking Chair-man C
ONAWAY for his strong leadership on the House Committee on Agri-culture, and the ranking member of the Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee and my colleague from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT), who has been a steady partner throughout this effort. We have worked diligently to produce legislation that provides needed re-forms to ensure our regulatory frame-work protects the integrity of our mar-kets, while not limiting the ability of end users to access those tools to con-duct their business. Mr. Chairman, I believe the CFTC should be reauthorized, and I am proud to support H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in voting for this legislation. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, if I could inquire from Chairman C
ONAWAY  if he has any more speakers? Mr. CONAWAY. I have no further speakers. Mr. PETERSON. Is the gentleman prepared to close? Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to who has the right to close? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has the right to close. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. In closing, I just wish that I could support a reauthorization bill, a clean bill for the CFTC that came through the Committee on Agriculture in reg-ular order, but that is not what has happened. I want to thank Chairman C
ONAWAY  for his work in the last Congress, try-ing to find common ground, and I hope that we can get back to regular order in the future in the committee. So again, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 238, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As I close, I want to remind us of the need to act today. But before I do, I also want to thank the ranking mem-ber. While we may vote differently on this bill, he and I generally work well together on a myriad of issues that face not only production agriculture, but rural America as well, and I thank him for his work, even though we may not vote exactly the same way today. Over the past 4 years, the Committee on Agriculture heard dozens of wit-nesses about the upheaval end users have been facing while trying to use derivative markets in the wake of the post-crisis financial reforms. While this Congress took affirmative steps in Dodd-Frank to protect end users from harm, today it is clear that there is still work to be done. have been facing while trying to use derivative markets in the wake of the post-crisis financial reforms. While this Congress took af-firmative steps in Dodd-Frank to pro-tect end users from harm, today it is clear that there is still work to be done. It isn’t enough to simply raise these issues and hope that the CFTC will take care of them for us—for one, sometimes they cannot. There are nu-merous small oversights in the statute that have big implications for end users that we must correct in this leg-islation. Currently, the CEA defines some util-ity companies as financial entities, stripping them of their status as end users. The Commission can’t fix this. The core principles for SEFs, which were added to the CEA by Dodd-Frank, were lifted almost word for word from the core principles for futures ex-changes, even though swaps exchanges and futures exchanges operate com-pletely differently and SEFs cannot perform many of the functions of a fu-tures exchange. The Commission can-not fix this. Certainly, the Commission can and has tried to paper over these problems, issuing staff letters explaining how it will deal with incongruities in the law. But that isn’t good enough. We know the problems. We should fix them, and fix them now. Sometimes, though, the problem isn’t the statute. There are a number of end-user issues that we have heard testimony about which the CFTC will not fix, because the Commission sim-ply disagrees with Congress about how to apply the law. We know these prob-lems also. The Commission has promulgated a rule that reduces the transaction threshold to be considered a swap deal-er from $8 billion to $3 billion, a 60 per-cent decline, while it is still studying the matter. We should require that the CFTC complete the study and have a public vote on that matter. The Commission has proposed a new method of granting bona fide hedge ex-emptions that is significantly narrower than the current method, upending longstanding hedging conventions for market participants. This proposal has the added disadvantage of being dra-matically more labor intensive for the Commission. We should insist that his-toric hedging practices be protected. The Commission has issued a new rule on ownership, control, and report-ing that it knows isn’t working. They have delayed its implementation for over 3 years by continuing to parcel out temporary reprieves. We should in-sist the Commission amend the rule so that market participants know defini-tively what their compliance obliga-tions are. The definition of swap does not ex-clude transactions that are wholly con-tained within a single company and not market facing. Regulators have used this leeway to require businesses and financial institutions to follow rules that are, quite frankly, inappropriate for risk management purposes and costly for the companies to use them. We should amend the statute, to make it clear that inter-affiliate trans-actions should not be regulated the same way as publicly transacted swaps. The challenges facing businesses who hedge their risks in derivatives mar-kets are real. Today we have an oppor-tunity to fix some of those problems. Every dollar that a business can save by better managing its risk is a dollar available to grow that business, pay higher wages, and lower costs to con-sumers or protect investors. Over the past week, over 30 organiza-tions representing thousands of Amer-ican businesses have voiced their sup-port for the important reforms in the Commodity End-User Relief Act. Busi-nesses from farm country to major manufacturers, to public utilities need every tool available to manage their businesses and reduce the uncertainties they face each day in today’s global economy. I urge my colleagues to support the Commodity End-User Relief Act, pro-tect these companies, and ensure that they have the tools they need to com-pete in a global economy. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to first express my great appreciation to Chair-man MICHAEL CONAWAY and Subcommittee Chairman A
USTIN SCOTT for their hard work in crafting H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act, legislation to reauthorize the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). Chairman Conaway and Subcommittee Chair-man A
USTIN SCOTT held four hearings throughout the 114th Congress regarding the CFTC and its future, during which time they invited input from a wide variety of interested stakeholders. I believe that they have struck the right balance in providing the CFTC with the authorizations necessary for the agency to do its job, while increasing oversight, insti-tuting reforms to protect end-users from regu-latory overreach, and improving consumer pro-tection against fraud or mismanagement. I am also pleased to see that since the House of Representatives last acted to reau-thorize the CFTC, in light of many years of concern about aluminum markets and warehousing practices, the London Metal Ex-change has implemented additional reforms to their aluminum warehousing practices and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.032 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H413 January 12, 2017 
contracts. Now that the London Metal Ex-change has been recognized by the CFTC as a Foreign Board of Trade, I look forward to continuing my review of these reforms and their impact on aluminum markets and end users, while remaining hopeful that these changes will accomplish their intended goal. Once again, I would like to thank all those involved in bringing this bill to the floor, Chair-man M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Subcommittee Chair-man A
USTIN SCOTT , and Ranking Member D
AVID SCOTT . I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following letters of support for H.R. 238: 
JANUARY 11, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : FIA supports H.R. 238, the ‘‘Commodity End User Relief Act’’. Notably, this legislation reauthorizes the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission (CFTC), which has been without statutory authorization for almost four years. In addition to reauthorizing the CFTC, Congress has historically taken the opportunity of reauthorization to periodi-cally review and enhance the CFTC’s au-thorities. This is essential in a regulatory environment where the marketplace is ex-tremely dynamic. Given the constantly evolving structure to which these regulatory authorities apply, it is prudent for Congress to consider updating the statute in response to market changes. We commend the House Committee on Agriculture for efforts to build upon previous work and advance this legislation. H.R. 238 contains prudent internal risk controls to safeguard market data and im-proved customer protections sought by the market participants who rely on derivatives to manage their risks. These are examples of policy enhancements that have garnered tre-mendous favor in recent years as evidenced by the bi-partisan support they have re-ceived in previous Congressional sessions. As noted above, the constant evolution of the markets regulated by the CFTC has ad-vanced even since the last time the House of Representatives passed similar legislation, which warrants the introduction of new stat-utory updates expected to be offered as floor amendments. In particular, FIA would like to lend our support to the bi-partisan Duffy/ Scott amendment protecting critical intel-lectual property that is key to the innova-tive culture in the United States. Addition-ally, we commend Congresswoman Hartzler for her amendment recognizing the need to improve the quality of information sub-mitted for the Commission’s surveillance and large trader reporting programs. We look forward to seeing this effort ad-vance to the Senate where we expect to have continued dialogue on refinements. Sincerely, President and CEO. 
INTERNATIONAL SWAPS AND DERIVA -
TIVES ASSOCIATION , INC., Washington, DC, January 11, 2015. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : We are writing to express the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.’s (‘‘ISDA’’) support for H.R. 238, the Com-modity End-User Relief Act. The legislation was introduced on January 4, 2017. Since 1985, ISDA has worked to make the global derivatives markets safer and more efficient. Today, ISDA has over 850 member institutions from 66 countries. These mem-bers comprise a broad range of derivatives market participants, including corporations, investment managers, government and su-pranational entities, insurance companies, energy and commodities firms, and inter-national and regional banks. In addition to market participants, members also include key components of the derivatives market infrastructure, such as exchanges, inter-mediaries, clearing houses and repositories, as well as law firms, accounting firms and other service providers. Information about ISDA and its activities is available on the Association’s web site: www.isda.org. H.R. 238 would codify new regulatory cus-tomer protections and enhance oversight of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion. The Commodity End-User Relief Act would also ease the regulatory burdens placed on end-users. These are measures that ISDA supports. Please also note that, while ISDA appre-ciates and supports the Commodity End-User Relief Act, we look forward to working with Congress to ensure that the cross-border pro-visions of the bill are further addressed dur-ing the course of the legislative process. ISDA urges you to vote for H.R. 238. Thank you for your consideration of our views. If you have any questions, please do not hesi-tate to contact our Head of US Public Policy Christopher Young. Sincerely, SCOTT O’M ALIA, Chief Executive Officer. 
THEJEWISH FEDERATIONS®, 
OFNORTH AMERICA , Washington DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, House Agriculture Committee, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN CONAWAY : The Jewish Fed-erations of North America (JFNA) is writing to express our support for H.R. 238, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act.’’ We are particularly supportive of section 313 of the bill which provides for the exemption of qualified charitable organizations from des-ignation and regulation as commodity pool operators. JFNA is the national organization that represents and serves 149 Jewish Federations across the United States and North America. In their communities, Jewish Federations and related Jewish community foundations serve as the central address for fundraising and support for an extensive network of Jew-ish health, education and social services in their area. Part of the charitable mission of Jewish federations and Jewish community foundations is to help grow the endowment assets of their organizations as well as those of related Jewish agencies and synagogues who have entrusted their endowment funds with them. This is accomplished through pooling investment assets to maximize fi-nancial return, minimize cost and risk, and take advantage of investment expertise and economies of scale. Increased endowment dollars translate into more current support of essential program activities as well as helping to assure the long-term viability of Jewish organizations and institutions. The enactment of H.R. 238 will harmonize the registration exemptions between securities and commodities laws and regulations and exempt qualified charities from registering their pooled funds as commodity pools or as commodity pool operators. This exemption will eliminate confusion, spare needless legal costs, and ensure that such organizations as Jewish federations and foundations can con-tinue to invest in widely diversified instru-ments in order to maximize returns to their beneficiaries who use such investment in-come to provide additional social services to the most needy among us. Thank you again for efforts to ensure the enactment of the Commodity End-User Re-lief Act. JFNA and the federation system stand ready to help you in any way to achieve this important goal. If you have any questions regarding JFNA and its involve-ment in this issue I urge you to contact Ste-ven Woolf, JFNA Senior Tax Policy Counsel. Sincerely, WILLIAM C. D AROFF , Senior Vice President for Public Policy & Director, of the Washington Office. 
NRECA, Arlington, VA, January 10, 2017. Hon. M
IKECONAWAY , Chairman, House Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. C
OLLIN PETERSON , Ranking Member, House Committee on Agri-culture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY AND RANKING  M
EMBER PETERSON : The National Rural Elec-tric Cooperative Association (NRECA) sup-ports the Commodity End User Relief Act (H.R. 238), legislation to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to be considered on the House floor this week. NRECA is the national service organiza-tion representing over 900 not-for-profit, member-owned, rural electric cooperative systems, which serve 42 million customers in 47 states. NRECA estimates that coopera-tives own and maintain 2.5 million miles or 42 percent of the nation’s electric distribu-tion lines covering three-quarters of the na-tion’s landmass. Cooperatives serve approxi-mately 18 million businesses, homes, farms, schools and other establishments in 2,500 of the nation’s 3,141 counties. Electric cooperatives are commercial end- users and not financial entities. NRECA be-lieves that Congressional oversight is essen-tial to help ensure that the CFTC is imple-menting the Dodd-Frank Act as Congress in-tended. To that end, NRECA supports H.R. 238 as a means to ensure that resources at the CFTC are prioritized to protect against systemic risk to our financial system, and to regulate swap dealers and large traders, and not fruitlessly focused on the everyday com-modity transactions with which end-users hedge commercial risks arising from ongoing business operations. Importantly, H.R. 238 amends the Com-modity Exchange Act (CEA) in a very narrow but critical way: to clarify Congressional in-tent that the CFTC shall not regulate as ‘‘swaps’’ nonfinancial commodity contracts that are intended to be physically settled, whether those contracts are forward con-tracts or commodity trade options. Our members use these physical contracts to manage supply and demand for energy re-sources, and to keep the lights on for Amer-ican businesses and consumers. NRECA is also particularly interested in H.R. 238 lan-guage that reduces onerous recordkeeping requirements, as well as a codified resolution to the utility special entity requirement that would otherwise negatively impact such utilities and their customers. NRECA appreciates the Committee’s con-tinued work on CFTC reauthorization legis-lation this Congress, and urges Members of Congress to support H.R. 238 when it is con-sidered by the House of Representatives. Sincerely, J
IMMATHESON , CEO, NRECA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.029 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH414 January 12, 2017 
SIFMA®, Washington, DC, January 10, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : SIFMA and its member firms support H.R. 238, Commodity End-User Relief Act, bipar-tisan legislation that seeks to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to better protect swaps customers, provide market certainty for end-users, and make basic reforms to improve the func-tioning of the CFTC. SIFMA also supports the inter-affiliate amendment sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas (R–Okla.), which includes language to clarify exemptions from swap rules, as well as re-quirements for reporting, risk management, and anti-evasion as it relates to such trans-actions. Further, SIFMA appreciates efforts to es-tablish a workable framework for cross-bor-der regulation of derivatives transactions. We look forward to continuing to work with the Committee in an effort to consider this important issue. SIFMA urges you to vote for H.R. 238. Thank you for your consider-ation of our views. Sincerely, A
NDYBLOCKER , EVP, Public Policy and Advocacy, SIFMA. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–2. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 238 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—CUSTOMER PROTECTIONS Sec. 101. Enhanced protections for futures cus-tomers. Sec. 102. Electronic confirmation of customer funds. Sec. 103. Notice and certifications providing ad-ditional customer protections. Sec. 104. Futures commission merchant compli-ance. Sec. 105. Certainty for futures customers and market participants. TITLE II—COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION REFORMS Sec. 201. Extension of operations. Sec. 202. Consideration by the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission of the costs and benefits of its regula-tions and orders. Sec. 203. Division directors. Sec. 204. Office of the Chief Economist. Sec. 205. Procedures governing actions taken by Commission staff. Sec. 206. Strategic technology plan. Sec. 207. Internal risk controls. Sec. 208. Subpoena duration and renewal. Sec. 209. Applicability of notice and comment requirements of the Administra-tive Procedure Act to guidance voted on by the Commission. Sec. 210. Judicial review of Commission rules. Sec. 211. GAO study on use of Commission re-sources. Sec. 212. Disclosure of required data of other registered entities. TITLE III—END-USER RELIEF Sec. 301. Transactions with utility special enti-ties. Sec. 302. Utility special entity defined. Sec. 303. Utility operations-related swap. Sec. 304. End-users not treated as financial en-tities. Sec. 305. Reporting of illiquid swaps so as to not disadvantage certain non-fi-nancial end-users. Sec. 306. Relief for grain elevator operators, farmers, agricultural counterpar-ties, and commercial market par-ticipants. Sec. 307. Relief for end-users who use physical contracts with volumetric optionality. Sec. 308. Commission vote required before auto-matic change of swap dealer de minimis level. Sec. 309. Capital requirements for non-bank swap dealers. Sec. 310. Harmonization with the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. Sec. 311. Bona fide hedge defined to protect end-user risk management needs. Sec. 312. Cross-border regulation of derivatives transactions. Sec. 313. Exemption of qualified charitable or-ganizations from designation and regulation as commodity pool op-erators. Sec. 314. Small bank holding company clearing exemption. Sec. 315. Core principle certainty. Sec. 316. Treatment of Federal Home Loan Bank products. Sec. 317. Treatment of certain funds. TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Sec. 401. Correction of references. Sec. 402. Elimination of obsolete references to dealer options. Sec. 403. Updated trade data publication re-quirement. Sec. 404. Flexibility for registered entities. Sec. 405. Elimination of obsolete references to electronic trading facilities. Sec. 406. Elimination of obsolete reference to al-ternative swap execution facili-ties. Sec. 407. Elimination of redundant references to types of registered entities. Sec. 408. Clarification of Commission authority over swaps trading. Sec. 409. Elimination of obsolete reference to the Commodity Exchange Commis-sion. Sec. 410. Elimination of obsolete references to derivative transaction execution facilities. Sec. 411. Elimination of obsolete references to exempt boards of trade. Sec. 412. Elimination of report due in 1986. Sec. 413. Compliance report flexibility. Sec. 414. Miscellaneous corrections. TITLE I—CUSTOMER PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 101. ENHANCED PROTECTIONS FOR FU-TURES CUSTOMERS. 
Section 17 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 21) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) A registered futures association shall— ‘‘(1) require each member of the association that is a futures commission merchant to main-tain written policies and procedures regarding the maintenance of— ‘‘(A) the residual interest of the member, as described in section 1.23 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, in any customer segregated funds account of the member, as identified in section 1.20 of such title, and in any foreign fu-tures and foreign options customer secured amount funds account of the member, as identi-fied in section 30.7 of such title; and ‘‘(B) the residual interest of the member, as described in section 22.2(e)(4) of such title, in any cleared swaps customer collateral account of the member, as identified in section 22.2 of such title; and ‘‘(2) establish rules to govern the withdrawal, transfer or disbursement by any member of the association, that is a futures commission mer-chant, of the member’s residual interest in cus-tomer segregated funds as provided in such sec-tion 1.20, in foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds, identified as provided in such section 30.7, and from a cleared swaps customer collateral, identified as provided in such section 22.2.’’. SEC. 102. ELECTRONIC CONFIRMATION OF CUS-TOMER FUNDS. 
Section 17 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 21), as amended by section 101 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(u) A registered futures association shall re-quire any member of the association that is a fu-tures commission merchant to— ‘‘(1) use an electronic system or systems to re-port financial and operational information to the association or another party designated by the registered futures association, including in-formation related to customer segregated funds, foreign futures and foreign options customer se-cured amount funds accounts, and cleared swaps customer collateral, in accordance with such terms, conditions, documentation stand-ards, and regular time intervals as are estab-lished by the registered futures association; ‘‘(2) instruct each depository, including any bank, trust company, derivatives clearing orga-nization, or futures commission merchant, hold-ing customer segregated funds under section 1.20 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds under section 30.7 of such title, or cleared swap customer funds under section 22.2 of such title, to report balances in the futures commission merchant’s section 1.20 customer segregated funds, section 30.7 foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds, and section 22.2 cleared swap customer funds, to the registered futures association or another party designated by the registered fu-tures association, in the form, manner, and in-terval prescribed by the registered futures asso-ciation; and ‘‘(3) hold section 1.20 customer segregated funds, section 30.7 foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds and sec-tion 22.2 cleared swaps customer funds in a de-pository that reports the balances in these ac-counts of the futures commission merchant held at the depository to the registered futures asso-ciation or another party designated by the reg-istered futures association in the form, manner, and interval prescribed by the registered futures association.’’. 
SEC. 103. NOTICE AND CERTIFICATIONS PRO-VIDING ADDITIONAL CUSTOMER PROTECTIONS. 
Section 17 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 21), as amended by sections 101 and 102 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) A futures commission merchant that has adjusted net capital in an amount less than the amount required by regulations established by the Commission or a self-regulatory organiza-tion of which the futures commission merchant is a member shall immediately notify the Com-mission and the self-regulatory organization of this occurrence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.041 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H415 January 12, 2017 
‘‘(w) A futures commission merchant that does not hold a sufficient amount of funds in seg-regated accounts for futures customers under section 1.20 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, in foreign futures and foreign options se-cured amount accounts for foreign futures and foreign options secured amount customers under section 30.7 of such title, or in segregated ac-counts for cleared swap customers under section 22.2 of such title, as required by regulations es-tablished by the Commission or a self-regulatory organization of which the futures commission merchant is a member, shall immediately notify the Commission and the self-regulatory organi-zation of this occurrence. ‘‘(x) Within such time period established by the Commission after the end of each fiscal year, a futures commission merchant shall file with the Commission a report from the chief compliance officer of the futures commission merchant containing an assessment of the inter-nal compliance programs of the futures commis-sion merchant.’’. 
SEC. 104. FUTURES COMMISSION MERCHANT COMPLIANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4d(a) of the Com-modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6d(a)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B); (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘It shall be un-lawful’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Any rules or regulations requiring a fu-tures commission merchant to maintain a resid-ual interest in accounts held for the benefit of customers in amounts at least sufficient to ex-ceed the sum of all uncollected margin deficits of such customers shall provide that a futures com-mission merchant shall meet its residual interest requirement as of the end of each business day calculated as of the close of business on the pre-vious business day.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4d(h) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6d(h)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a)(1)(B)’’. 
SEC. 105. CERTAINTY FOR FUTURES CUSTOMERS AND MARKET PARTICIPANTS. 
Section 20(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 24(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (4); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (5) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) that cash, securities, or other property of the estate of a commodity broker, including the trading or operating accounts of the commodity broker and commodities held in inventory by the commodity broker, shall be included in customer property, subject to any otherwise unavoidable security interest, or otherwise unavoidable con-tractual offset or netting rights of creditors (in-cluding rights set forth in a rule or bylaw of a derivatives clearing organization or a clearing agency) in respect of such property, but only to the extent that the property that is otherwise customer property is insufficient to satisfy the net equity claims of public customers (as such term may be defined by the Commission by rule or regulation) of the commodity broker.’’. TITLE II—COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION REFORMS 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF OPERATIONS. 
Section 12(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 16(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this Act.’’. 
SEC. 202. CONSIDERATION BY THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION OF THE COSTS AND BENEFITS OF ITS REGULATIONS AND ORDERS. 
Section 15(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 19(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Before promulgating a reg-ulation under this Act or issuing an order (ex-cept as provided in paragraph (3)), the Commis-sion, through the Office of the Chief Economist, shall assess and publish in the regulation or order the costs and benefits, both qualitative and quantitative, of the proposed regulation or order, and the proposed regulation or order shall state its statutory justification. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a reasoned determination of the costs and the benefits, the Commission shall evaluate— ‘‘(A) considerations of protection of market participants and the public; ‘‘(B) considerations of the efficiency, competi-tiveness, and financial integrity of futures and swaps markets; ‘‘(C) considerations of the impact on market liquidity in the futures and swaps markets; ‘‘(D) considerations of price discovery; ‘‘(E) considerations of sound risk management practices; ‘‘(F) available alternatives to direct regula-tion; ‘‘(G) the degree and nature of the risks posed by various activities within the scope of its ju-risdiction; ‘‘(H) the costs of complying with the proposed regulation or order by all regulated entities, in-cluding a methodology for quantifying the costs (recognizing that some costs are difficult to quantify); ‘‘(I) whether the proposed regulation or order is inconsistent, incompatible, or duplicative of other Federal regulations or orders; ‘‘(J) the cost to the Commission of imple-menting the proposed regulation or order by the Commission staff, including a methodology for quantifying the costs; ‘‘(K) whether, in choosing among alternative regulatory approaches, hose approaches maxi-mize net benefits (including potential economic and other benefits, distributive impacts, and eq-uity); and ‘‘(L) other public interest considerations.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 24(d), a court shall affirm a Commission as-sessment of costs and benefits under this sub-section, unless the court finds the assessment to be an abuse of discretion.’’. 
SEC. 203. DIVISION DIRECTORS. 
Section 2(a)(6)(C) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(6)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and the heads of the units shall serve at the pleasure of the Commission’’ before the period. 
SEC. 204. OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a) of the Com-modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(16) O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Commission the Office of the Chief Econo-mist. ‘‘(B) H
EAD.—The Office of the Chief Econo-mist shall be headed by the Chief Economist, who shall be appointed by the Commission and serve at the pleasure of the Commission. ‘‘(C) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief Economist shall report directly to the Commission and perform such functions and duties as the Commission may prescribe. ‘‘(D) P
ROFESSIONAL STAFF .—The Commission shall appoint such other economists as may be necessary to assist the Chief Economist in per-forming such economic analysis, regulatory cost-benefit analysis, or research any member of the Commission may request.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2(a)(6)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(6)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(4) and (5) of this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘(4), (5), and (16)’’. (c) S
ENSE OF THE CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission should take all appropriate ac-tions to encourage applications for positions in the Office of the Chief Economist from members of minority groups, women, disabled persons, and veterans. SEC. 205. PROCEDURES GOVERNING ACTIONS TAKEN BY COMMISSION STAFF. 
Section 2(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(12)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(12) The’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(12) R
ULES AND REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the other provi-sions of this paragraph, the’’; and (2) by adding after and below the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) N
OTICE TO COMMISSIONERS .—The Com- mission shall develop and publish internal pro-cedures governing the issuance by any division or office of the Commission of any response to a formal, written request or petition from any member of the public for an exemptive, a no-ac-tion, or an interpretive letter and such proce-dures shall provide that the commissioners be provided with the final version of the matter to be issued with sufficient notice to review the matter prior to its issuance.’’. 
SEC. 206. STRATEGIC TECHNOLOGY PLAN. 
Section 2(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)), as amended by section 204(a) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) S
TRATEGIC TECHNOLOGY PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Every 5 years, the Commis-sion shall develop and submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a detailed plan fo-cused on the acquisition and use of technology by the Commission. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall— ‘‘(i) include for each related division or office a detailed technology strategy focused on mar-ket surveillance and risk detection, market data collection, aggregation, interpretation, stand-ardization, harmonization, normalization, vali-dation, streamlining or other data analytic processes, and internal management and protec-tion of data collected by the Commission, in-cluding a detailed accounting of how the funds provided for technology will be used and the priorities that will apply in the use of the funds; ‘‘(ii) set forth annual goals to be accomplished and annual budgets needed to accomplish the goals; and ‘‘(iii) include a summary of any plan of action and milestones to address any known informa-tion security vulnerability, as identified pursu-ant to a widely accepted industry or Govern-ment standard, including— ‘‘(I) specific information about the industry or Government standard used to identify the known information security vulnerability; ‘‘(II) a detailed time line with specific dead-lines for addressing the known information se-curity vulnerability; and ‘‘(III) an update of any such time line and the rationale for any deviation from the time line.’’. 
SEC. 207. INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS. 
Section 2(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(12)), as amended by section 205 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) I
NTERNAL RISK CONTROLS .—The Commis-sion, in consultation with the Chief Economist, shall develop comprehensive internal risk con-trol mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by the Commission, all market data sharing agreements of the Com-mission, and all academic research performed at the Commission using market data.’’. 
SEC. 208. SUBPOENA DURATION AND RENEWAL. 
Section 6(c)(5) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 9(5)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(5) S
UBPOENA .—For’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(5) S
UBPOENA .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.012 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH416 January 12, 2017 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For’’; and (2) by adding after and below the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) O
MNIBUS ORDERS OF INVESTIGATION .— ‘‘(i) D
URATION AND RENEWAL .—An omnibus order of investigation shall not be for an indefi-nite duration and may be renewed only by Com-mission action. ‘‘(ii) D
EFINITION .—In clause (i), the term ‘om-nibus order of investigation’ means an order of the Commission authorizing 1 of more members of the Commission or its staff to issue subpoenas under subparagraph (A) to multiple persons in relation to a particular subject matter area.’’. 
SEC. 209. APPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COM-MENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE AD-MINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT TO GUIDANCE VOTED ON BY THE COM-MISSION. 
Section 2(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(12)), as amended by sections 205 and 207 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) A
PPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COMMENT  
RULES TO GUIDANCE VOTED ON BY THE COMMIS -
SION.—The notice and comment requirements of section 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall also apply with respect to any Commission statement or guidance, including interpretive rules, general statements of policy, or rules of Commission organization, procedure, or prac-tice, that has the effect of implementing, inter-preting or prescribing law or policy and that is voted on by the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 210. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF COMMISSION RULES. 
The Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 24. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF COMMISSION RULES. 
‘‘(a) A person adversely affected by a rule of the Commission promulgated under this Act may obtain review of the rule in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the United States Court of Appeals for the circuit where the party resides or has the principal place of business, by filing in the court, within 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of the entry of the rule, a writ-ten petition requesting that the rule be set aside. ‘‘(b) A copy of the petition shall be trans-mitted forthwith by the clerk of the court to an officer designated by the Commission for that purpose. Thereupon the Commission shall file in the court the record on which the rule com-plained of is entered, as provided in section 2112 of title 28, United States Code, and the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure. ‘‘(c) On the filing of the petition, the court has jurisdiction, which becomes exclusive on the filing of the record, to affirm and enforce or to set aside the rule in whole or in part. ‘‘(d) The court shall affirm and enforce the rule unless the Commission’s action in promul-gating the rule is found to be arbitrary, capri-cious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law; contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or immunity; in excess of statutory jurisdiction, authority, or limitations, or short of statutory right; or without observ-ance of procedure required by law.’’. 
SEC. 211. GAO STUDY ON USE OF COMMISSION RESOURCES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the re-sources of the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission that— (1) assesses whether the resources of the Com-mission are sufficient to enable the Commission to effectively carry out the duties of the Com-mission; (2) examines the expenditures of the Commis-sion on hardware, software, and analytical processes designed to protect customers in the areas of— (A) market surveillance and risk detection; and (B) market data collection, aggregation, inter-pretation, standardization, harmonization, and streamlining; (3) analyzes the additional workload under-taken by the Commission, and ascertains where self-regulatory organizations could be more ef-fectively utilized; and (4) examines existing and emerging post-trade risk reduction services in the swaps market, the notional amount of risk reduction transactions provided by the services, and the effects the services have on financial stability, including— (A) market surveillance and risk detection; (B) market data collection, aggregation, inter-pretation, standardization, harmonization, and streamlining; and (C) oversight and compliance work by market participants and regulators. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that contains the results of the study re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 212. DISCLOSURE OF REQUIRED DATA OF OTHER REGISTERED ENTITIES. 
Section 8 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 12) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE OF REQUIRED DATA OF  O
THER REGISTERED ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) Except as provided in this subsection, the Commission may not be compelled to disclose any proprietary information provided to the Commission, except that nothing in this sub-section— ‘‘(A) authorizes the Commission to withhold information from Congress; or ‘‘(B) prevents the Commission from— ‘‘(i) complying with a request for information from any other Federal department or agency, any State or political subdivision thereof, or any foreign government or any department, agency, or political subdivision thereof requesting the re-port or information for purposes within the scope of its jurisdiction, upon an agreement of confidentiality to protect the information in a manner consistent with this paragraph and sub-section (e); or ‘‘(ii) making a disclosure made pursuant to a court order in connection with an administra-tive or judicial proceeding brought under this Act, in any receivership proceeding involving a receiver appointed in a judicial proceeding brought under this Act, or in any bankruptcy proceeding in which the Commission has inter-vened or in which the Commission has the right to appear and be heard under title 11 of the United States Code. ‘‘(2) Any proprietary information of a com-modity trading advisor or commodity pool oper-ator ascertained by the Commission in connec-tion with Form CPO-PQR, Form CTA-PR, and any successor forms thereto, shall be subject to the same limitations on public disclosure, as any facts ascertained during an investigation, as provided by subsection (a); provided, however, that the Commission shall not be precluded from publishing aggregate information compiled from such forms, to the extent such aggregate infor-mation does not identify any individual person or firm, or such person’s proprietary informa-tion. ‘‘(3) For purposes of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, this subsection, and the in-formation contemplated herein, shall be consid-ered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section 552. ‘‘(4) For purposes of the definition of propri-etary information in paragraph (5), the records and reports of any client account or commodity pool to which a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator registered under this title provides services that are filed with the Commission on Form CPO-PQR, CTA-PR, and any successor forms thereto, shall be deemed to be the records and reports of the commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator, re-spectively. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this section, proprietary information of a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator includes sensitive, non- public information regarding— ‘‘(A) the commodity trading advisor, com-modity pool operator or the trading strategies of the commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator; ‘‘(B) analytical or research methodologies of a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator; ‘‘(C) trading data of a commodity trading ad-visor or commodity pool operator; and ‘‘(D) computer hardware or software con-taining intellectual property of a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator;’’. TITLE III—END-USER RELIEF SEC. 301. TRANSACTIONS WITH UTILITY SPECIAL ENTITIES. 
Section 1a(49) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(49)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) C
ERTAIN TRANSACTIONS WITH A UTILITY  
SPECIAL ENTITY .— ‘‘(i) Transactions in utility operations-related swaps shall be reported pursuant to section 4r. ‘‘(ii) In making a determination to exempt pursuant to subparagraph (D), the Commission shall treat a utility operations-related swap en-tered into with a utility special entity, as de-fined in section 4s(h)(2)(D), as if it were entered into with an entity that is not a special entity, as defined in section 4s(h)(2)(C).’’. 
SEC. 302. UTILITY SPECIAL ENTITY DEFINED. 
Section 4s(h)(2) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(h)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) U
TILITY SPECIAL ENTITY .—For purposes of this Act, the term ‘utility special entity’ means a special entity, or any instrumentality, department, or corporation of or established by a State or political subdivision of a State, that— ‘‘(i) owns or operates, or anticipates owning or operating, an electric or natural gas facility or an electric or natural gas operation; ‘‘(ii) supplies, or anticipates supplying, nat-ural gas and or electric energy to another utility special entity; ‘‘(iii) has, or anticipates having, public service obligations under Federal, State, or local law or regulation to deliver electric energy or natural gas service to customers; or ‘‘(iv) is a Federal power marketing agency, as defined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act.’’. 
SEC. 303. UTILITY OPERATIONS-RELATED SWAP. 
(a) S WAP FURTHER DEFINED .—Section 1a(47)(A)(iii) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(47)(A)(iii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause (XXI); (2) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause (XXII); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(XXIII) a utility operations-related swap;’’. (b) U
TILITY OPERATIONS -RELATED SWAP DE-
FINED .—Section 1a of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(52) U
TILITY OPERATIONS -RELATED SWAP .— The term ‘utility operations-related swap’ means a swap that— ‘‘(A) is entered into by a utility to hedge or mitigate a commercial risk; ‘‘(B) is not a contract, agreement, or trans-action based on, derived on, or referencing— ‘‘(i) an interest rate, credit, equity, or cur-rency asset class; ‘‘(ii) except as used for fuel for electric energy generation, a metal, agricultural commodity, or crude oil or gasoline commodity of any grade; or ‘‘(iii) any other commodity or category of com-modities identified for this purpose in a rule or order adopted by the Commission in consulta-tion with the appropriate Federal and State reg-ulatory commissions; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.012 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H417 January 12, 2017 
‘‘(C) is associated with— ‘‘(i) the generation, production, purchase, or sale of natural gas or electric energy, the supply of natural gas or electric energy to a utility, or the delivery of natural gas or electric energy service to utility customers; ‘‘(ii) fuel supply for the facilities or operations of a utility; ‘‘(iii) compliance with an electric system reli-ability obligation; ‘‘(iv) compliance with an energy, energy effi-ciency, conservation, or renewable energy or en-vironmental statute, regulation, or government order applicable to a utility; or ‘‘(v) any other electric energy or natural gas swap to which a utility is a party.’’. 
SEC. 304. END-USERS NOT TREATED AS FINAN-CIAL ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(h)(7)(C)(iii) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .—Such definition shall not include an entity— ‘‘(I) whose primary business is providing fi-nancing, and who uses derivatives for the pur-pose of hedging underlying commercial risks re-lated to interest rate and foreign currency expo-sures, 90 percent or more of which arise from fi-nancing that facilitates the purchase or lease of products, 90 percent or more of which are manu-factured by the parent company or another sub-sidiary of the parent company; or ‘‘(II) who is not supervised by a prudential regulator, and is not described in any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of clause (i), and— ‘‘(aa) is a commercial market participant; or ‘‘(bb) enters into swaps, contracts for future delivery, and other derivatives on behalf of, or to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of, whether directly or in the aggregate, affiliates that are not so supervised or described.’’. (b) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET PARTICIPANT DE-
FINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1a of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a), as amended by section 303(b) of this Act, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (52) as paragraphs (8) through (53), re-spectively, and by inserting after paragraph (6) the following: ‘‘(7) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘commercial market participant’ means any producer, processor, merchant, or commercial user of an exempt or agricultural commodity, or the products or byproducts of such a com-modity.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 1a of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (18) (as so redesignated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(18)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(19)(A)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)(vii) of paragraph (19) (as so redesignated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section), in the matter following subclause (III), by striking ‘‘(17)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(18)(A)’’. (B) Section 4(c)(1)(A)(i)(I) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6(c)(1)(A)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘(7), paragraph (18)(A)(vii)(III), paragraphs (23), (24), (31), (32), (38), (39), (41), (42), (46), (47), (48), and (49)’’ and inserting ‘‘(8), para-graph (19)(A)(vii)(III), paragraphs (24), (25), (32), (33), (39), (40), (42), (43), (47), (48), (49), and (50)’’. (C) Section 4q(a)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6o– 1(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(9)’’ and in-serting ‘‘1a(10)’’. (D) Section 4s(f)(1)(D) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(f)(1)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. (E) Section 4s(h)(5)(A)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(h)(5)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(18)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(19)’’. (F) Section 4t(b)(1)(C) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6t(b)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. (G) Section 5(d)(23) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7(d)(23)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. (H) Section 5(e)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(9)’’ and in-serting ‘‘1a(10)’’. (I) Section 5b(k)(3)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–1(k)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. (J) Section 5h(f)(10)(A)(iii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7b–3(f)(10)(A)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(47)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(48)(A)(v)’’. (K) Section 21(f)(4)(C) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 24a(f)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(48)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(49)’’. SEC. 305. REPORTING OF ILLIQUID SWAPS SO AS TO NOT DISADVANTAGE CERTAINON- FINANCIAL END-USERS. 
Section 2(a)(13) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(13)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘The Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (D), the Commission’’; and (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively, and inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SWAP TRANSACTIONS  
IN ILLIQUID MARKETS .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (C): ‘‘(i) The Commission shall provide by rule for the public reporting of swap transactions, in-cluding price and volume data, in illiquid mar-kets that are not cleared and entered into by a non-financial entity that is hedging or miti-gating commercial risk in accordance with sub-section (h)(7)(A). ‘‘(ii) The Commission shall ensure that the swap transaction information referred to in clause (i) of this subparagraph is available to the public no sooner than 30 days after the swap transaction has been executed or at such later date as the Commission determines appro-priate to protect the identity of participants and positions in illiquid markets and to prevent the elimination or reduction of market liquidity. ‘‘(iii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘illiquid markets’ means any market in which the volume and frequency of trading in swaps is at such a level as to allow identification of individual market participants.’’. 
SEC. 306. RELIEF FOR GRAIN ELEVATOR OPERA-TORS, FARMERS, AGRICULTURAL COUNTERPARTIES, AND COMMER-CIAL MARKET PARTICIPANTS. 
The Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4t the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4u. RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS AP-PLICABLE TO NON-REGISTERED MEMBERS OF CERTAIN REGISTERED ENTITIES. 
‘‘Except as provided in section 4(a)(3), a mem-ber of a designated contract market or a swap execution facility that is not registered with the Commission and not required to be registered with the Commission in any capacity shall sat-isfy the recordkeeping requirements of this Act and any recordkeeping rule, order, or regulation under this Act by maintaining a written record of each transaction in a contract for future de-livery, option on a future, swap, swaption, trade option, or related cash or forward trans-action. The written record shall be sufficient if it includes the final agreement between the par-ties and the material economic terms of the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 307. RELIEF FOR END-USERS WHO USE PHYS-ICAL CONTRACTS WITH VOLUMETRIC OPTIONALITY. 
Section 1a(48)(B)(ii) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(47)(B)(ii)), as so redes-ignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) any purchase or sale of a nonfinancial commodity or security for deferred shipment or delivery, so long as the transaction is intended to be physically settled, including any stand- alone or embedded option for which exercise re-sults in a physical delivery obligation;’’. SEC. 308. COMMISSION VOTE REQUIRED BEFORE AUTOMATIC CHANGE OF SWAP DEAL-ER DE MINIMIS LEVEL. 
Section 1a(50)(D) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(49)(D)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended— (1) by striking all that precedes ‘‘shall ex-empt’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission’’; and (2) by adding after and below the end the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(ii) D
E MINIMIS QUANTITY .—The de minimis quantity of swap dealing described in clause (i) shall be set at a quantity of $8,000,000,000, and may be amended or changed only through a new affirmative action of the Commission under-taken by rule or regulation.’’. 
SEC. 309. CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR NON- BANK SWAP DEALERS. 
(a) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT.—Section 4s(e) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘and the Securities and Exchange Commission, in consultation with the prudential regulators, shall jointly’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(D)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘shall, to the maximum extent practicable,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) F
INANCIAL MODELS .—To the extent that swap dealers and major swap participants that are banks are permitted to use financial models approved by the prudential regulators or the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to calculate minimum capital requirements and minimum ini-tial and variation margin requirements, includ-ing the use of non-cash collateral, the Commis-sion shall, in consultation with the prudential regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission, permit the use of comparable finan-cial models by swap dealers and major swap participants that are not banks.’’. (b) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Sec- tion 15F(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–10(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘and the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, in con-sultation with the prudential regulators, shall jointly’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(D)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘shall, to the maximum extent practicable,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) F
INANCIAL MODELS .—To the extent that security-based swap dealers and major security- based swap participants that are banks are per-mitted to use financial models approved by the prudential regulators or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to calculate minimum cap-ital requirements and minimum initial and vari-ation margin requirements, including the use of non-cash collateral, the Commission shall, in consultation with the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, permit the use of comparable fi-nancial models by security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants that are not banks.’’. 
SEC. 310. HARMONIZATION WITH THE JUMPSTART OUR BUSINESS STARTUPS ACT. 
Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall— (1) revise section 4.7(b) of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), to read as follows: ‘‘(b) Relief available to commodity pool opera-tors. Upon filing the notice required by para-graph (d) of this section, and subject to compli-ance with the conditions specified in paragraph (d) of this section, any registered commodity pool operator who sells participations in a pool solely to qualified eligible persons in an offering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.012 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH418 January 12, 2017 
which qualifies for exemption from the registra-tion requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to section 4(2) of that Act or pursuant to Regu-lation S, 17 CFR 230.901 et seq., and any bank registered as a commodity pool operator in con-nection with a pool that is a collective trust fund whose securities are exempt from registra-tion under the Securities Act pursuant to sec-tion 3(a)(2) of that Act and are sold solely to qualified eligible persons, may claim any or all of the following relief with respect to such pool:’’; and (2) revise section 4.13(a)(3)(i) of such title to read as follows: ‘‘(i) Interests in the pool are exempt from reg-istration under the Securities Act of 1933, and such interests are offered and sold pursuant to section 4 of the Securities Act of 1933 and the regulations thereunder;’’. 
SEC. 311. BONA FIDE HEDGE DEFINED TO PRO-TECT END-USER RISK MANAGEMENT NEEDS. 
Section 4a(c) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘future for which’’ and insert-ing ‘‘future, to be determined by the Commis-sion, for which either an appropriate swap is available or’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘position as’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (5) of subsection (a) for swaps, contracts of sale for future delivery, or options on the contracts or commodities, a bona fide hedging transaction or position is’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘of risks’’ and inserting ‘‘or management of current or anticipated risks’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The Commission may further define, by rule or regulation, what constitutes a bona fide hedging transaction, provided that the rule or regulation is consistent with the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 312. CROSS-BORDER REGULATION OF DE-RIVATIVES TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) R ULEMAKING REQUIRED .—Within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall issue a rule that addresses— (1) the nature of the connections to the United States that require a non-United States person to register as a swap dealer or a major swap participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations issued under such Act; (2) which of the United States swaps require-ments apply to the swap activities of non-United States persons and United States persons and their branches, agencies, subsidiaries, and affili-ates outside of the United States, and the extent to which the requirements apply; and (3) the circumstances under which a United States person or non-United States person in compliance with the swaps regulatory require-ments of a foreign jurisdiction shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements. (b) C
ONTENT OF THE RULE.— (1) C
RITERIA .—In the rule, the Commission shall establish criteria for determining that 1 or more categories of the swaps regulatory require-ments of a foreign jurisdiction are comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements. The criteria shall include— (A) the scope and objectives of the swaps reg-ulatory requirements of the foreign jurisdiction; (B) the effectiveness of the supervisory compli-ance program administered; (C) the enforcement authority exercised by the foreign jurisdiction; and (D) such other factors as the Commission, by rule, determines to be necessary or appropriate in the public interest. (2) C
OMPARABILITY .—In the rule, the Commis-sion shall— (A) provide that any non-United States person or any transaction between 2 non-United States persons shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements if the person or transaction is in compliance with the swaps regulatory re-quirements of a foreign jurisdiction which the Commission has determined to be comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements; and (B) set forth the circumstances in which a United States person or a transaction between a United States person and a non-United States person shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements if the person or transaction is in compliance with the swaps regulatory require-ments of a foreign jurisdiction which the Com-mission has determined to be comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps re-quirements. (3) OUTCOMES -BASED COMPARISON .—In devel- oping and applying the criteria, the Commission shall emphasize the results and outcomes of, rather than the design and construction of, for-eign swaps regulatory requirements. (4) R
ISK-BASED RULEMAKING .—In the rule, the Commission shall not take into account, for the purposes of determining the applicability of United States swaps requirements, the location of personnel that arrange, negotiate, or execute swaps. (5) No part of any rulemaking under this sec-tion shall limit the Commission’s antifraud or antimanipulation authority. (c) A
PPLICATION OF THE RULE.— (1) A
SSESSMENTS OF FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS .— Beginning on the date on which a final rule is issued under this section, the Commission shall begin to assess the swaps regulatory require-ments of foreign jurisdictions, in the order the Commission determines appropriate, in accord-ance with the criteria established pursuant to subsection (b)(1). Following each assessment, the Commission shall determine, by rule or by order, whether the swaps regulatory require-ments of the foreign jurisdiction are comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements. (2) S
UBSTITUTED COMPLIANCE FOR UNASSESSED  
MAJOR MARKETS .—Beginning 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the swaps regulatory requirements of each of the 8 foreign jurisdictions with the largest swaps markets, as calculated by notional value during the 12-month period ending with such date of enactment, except those with respect to which a determination has been made under paragraph (1), shall be considered to be com-parable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements; and (B) a non-United States person or a trans-action between 2 non-United States persons shall be exempt from United States swaps re-quirements if the person or transaction is in compliance with the swaps regulatory require-ments of any of such unexcepted foreign juris-dictions. (3) S
USPENSION OF SUBSTITUTED COMPLI -
ANCE.—If the Commission determines, by rule or by order, that— (A) the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign jurisdiction are not comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps re-quirements, using the categories and criteria es-tablished under subsection (b)(1); (B) the foreign jurisdiction does not exempt from its swaps regulatory requirements United States persons who are in compliance with United States swaps requirements; or (C) the foreign jurisdiction is not providing equivalent recognition of, or substituted compli-ance for, registered entities (as defined in sec-tion 1a(41) of the Commodity Exchange Act) domiciled in the United States, the Commission may suspend, in whole or in part, a determination made under paragraph (1) or a consideration granted under paragraph (2). (d) P
ETITION FOR REVIEW OF FOREIGN JURIS-
DICTION PRACTICES .—A registered entity, com-mercial market participant (as defined in section 1a(7) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or Com-mission registrant (within the meaning of such Act) who petitions the Commission to make or change a determination under subsection (c)(1) or (c)(3) of this section shall be entitled to expe-dited consideration of the petition. A petition shall include any evidence or other supporting materials to justify why the petitioner believes the Commission should make or change the de-termination. Petitions under this section shall be considered by the Commission any time fol-lowing the enactment of this Act. Within 180 days after receipt of a petition for a rulemaking under this section, the Commission shall take final action on the petition. Within 90 days after receipt of a petition to issue an order or change an order issued under this section, the Commission shall take final action on the peti-tion. (e) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—If the Commission makes a determination described in this section through an order, the Commission shall articu-late the basis for the determination in a written report published in the Federal Register and transmitted to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate within 15 days of the determination. The de-termination shall not be effective until 15 days after the committees receive the report. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this Act and for purposes of the rules issued pursuant to this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’— (A) means— (i) any natural person resident in the United States; (ii) any partnership, corporation, trust, or other legal person organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States or having its principal place of business in the United States; (iii) any account (whether discretionary or non-discretionary) of a United States person; and (iv) any other person as the Commission may further define to more effectively carry out the purposes of this section; and (B) does not include the International Mone-tary Fund, the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, their agencies or pension plans, or any other similar international organizations or their agencies or pension plans. (2) U
NITED STATES SWAPS REQUIREMENTS .— The term ‘‘United States swaps requirements’’ means the provisions relating to swaps con-tained in the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a et seq.) that were added by title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8301 et seq.) and any rules or regulations prescribed by the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to such provisions. (3) F
OREIGN JURISDICTION .—The term ‘‘foreign jurisdiction’’ means any national or supra-national political entity with common rules gov-erning swaps transactions. (4) S
WAPS REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS .—The term ‘‘swaps regulatory requirements’’ means any provisions of law, and any rules or regula-tions pursuant to the provisions, governing swaps transactions or the counterparties to swaps transactions. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4(c)(1)(A) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6(c)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or except as necessary to effectuate the purposes of the Commodity End-User Relief Act,’’ after ‘‘to grant exemptions,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.012 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H419 January 12, 2017 
SEC. 313. EXEMPTION OF QUALIFIED CHARITABLE ORGANIZATIONS FROM DESIGNA-TION AND REGULATION AS COM-MODITY POOL OPERATORS. 
(a) E XCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF COM-
MODITY POOL.—Section 1a(11) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(10)), as so redesig-nated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘commodity pool’ shall not include any investment trust, syn-dicate, or similar form of enterprise excluded from the definition of ‘investment company’ pursuant to section 3(c)(10) or 3(c)(14) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940.’’. (b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF PROHIBITION ON USE 
OFINSTRUMENTALITIES OF INTERSTATE COM-
MERCE BY UNREGISTERED COMMODITY TRADING  A
DVISOR .—Section 4m of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6m) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘: Provided further, That the provi-sions of this section shall not apply to any com-modity trading advisor that is: (A) a charitable organization, as defined in section 3(c)(10)(D) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or a trust-ee, director, officer, employee, or volunteer of such a charitable organization acting within the scope of the employment or duties of the person with the organization, whose trading advice is provided only to, or with respect to, 1 or more of the following: (i) any such charitable organiza-tion; or (ii) an investment trust, syndicate or similar form of enterprise excluded from the def-inition of ‘investment company’ pursuant to sec-tion 3(c)(10) of the Investment Company Act of 1940; or (B) any plan, company, or account de-scribed in section 3(c)(14) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, any person or entity who establishes or maintains such a plan, company, or account, or any trustee, director, officer, em-ployee, or volunteer for any of the foregoing plans, persons, or entities acting within the scope of the employment or duties of the person with the organization, whose trading advice is provided only to, or with respect to, any invest-ment trust, syndicate, or similar form of enter-prise excluded from the definition of ‘investment company’ pursuant to section 3(c)(14) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940’’ before the pe-riod; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
ISCLOSURE CONCERNING EXCLUDED  C
HARITABLE ORGANIZATIONS .—The operator of or advisor to any investment trust, syndicate, or similar form of enterprise excluded from the def-inition of ‘commodity pool’ by reason of section 1a(10)(C) of this Act pursuant to section 3(c)(10) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 shall provide disclosure in accordance with section 7(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.’’. 
SEC. 314. SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY CLEARING EXEMPTION. 
Section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) H
OLDING COMPANIES .—A determination made by the Commission under clause (ii) shall, with respect to small banks and savings associa-tions, also apply to their respective bank hold-ing company (as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956), or savings and loan holding company (as defined in sec-tion 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933)), if the total consolidated assets of the holding company are no greater than the asset threshold set by the Commission in determining small bank and savings association eligibility under clause (ii).’’. 
SEC. 315. CORE PRINCIPLE CERTAINTY. 
Section 5h(f) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7b–3(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘except as described in this subsection’’ after ‘‘Commis-sion by rule or regulation’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-graph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) have reasonable discretion in estab-lishing and enforcing its rules related to trade practice surveillance, market surveillance, real- time marketing monitoring, and audit trail given that a swap execution facility may offer a trad-ing system or platform to execute or trade swaps through any means of interstate commerce. A swap execution facility shall be responsible for monitoring trading in swaps only on its own fa-cility.’’; (3) in paragraph (4)(B), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A swap execution facility shall be responsible for monitoring trading in swaps only on its own facility.’’; (4) in paragraph (6)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘compliance with the’’ and insert ‘‘shall monitor the trading activity on its facil-ity for compliance with any’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A swap execution facility shall be responsible for monitoring positions only on its own facility.’’; (5) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘to liq-uidate’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to suspend or curtail trading in a swap on its own facility.’’; (6) in paragraph (13)(B), by striking ‘‘1-year period, as calculated on a rolling basis’’ and in-serting ‘‘90-day period, as calculated on a roll-ing basis, or conduct an orderly wind-down of its operations, whichever is greater’’; and (7) in paragraph (15)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The individual may also perform other responsibilities for the swap execution fa-cility.’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, a committee of the board,’’ after ‘‘directly to the board’’; (ii) by striking clauses (iii) through (v) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(iii) establish and administer policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to re-solve any conflicts of interest that may arise; ‘‘(iv) establish and administer policies and procedures that reasonably ensure compliance with this Act and the rules and regulations issued under this Act, including rules prescribed by the Commission pursuant to this section; and’’; and (iii) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (v); (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(B)(vi)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)(v)’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘In accordance with rules pre-scribed by the Commission, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and sign’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘or senior officer’’ after ‘‘officer’’; (II) by amending subclause (I) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(I) submit each report described in clause (i) to the Commission; and’’; and (III) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘materi-ally’’ before ‘‘accurate’’. SEC. 316. TREATMENT OF FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK PRODUCTS. 
(a) Section 1a(2) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) is the Federal Housing Finance Agency for any Federal Home Loan Bank (as defined in section 2 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act).’’. (b) Section 402(a) of the Legal Certainty for Bank Products Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 27(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (6); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (7) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) any Federal Home Loan Bank (as defined in section 2 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act).’’. SEC. 317. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN FUNDS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO THE DEFINITION OF COM-
MODITY POOLOPERATOR .—Section 1a(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(11)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C)(i) The term ‘commodity pool operator’ does not include a person who serves as an in-vestment adviser to an investment company reg-istered pursuant to section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a subsidiary of such a company, if the investment company or sub-sidiary invests, reinvests, owns, holds, or trades in commodity interests limited to only financial commodity interests. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of this subparagraph only, the term ‘financial commodity interest’ means a futures contract, an option on a futures con-tract, or a swap, involving a commodity that is not an exempt commodity or an agricultural commodity, including any index of financial commodity interests, whether cash settled or in-volving physical delivery. ‘‘(iii) For purposes of this subparagraph only, the term ‘commodity’ does not include a security issued by a real estate investment trust, business development company, or issuer of asset-backed securities, including any index of such securi-ties.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO THE DEFINITION OF COM-
MODITY TRADING ADVISOR .—Section 1a(13) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(12)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(E) The term ‘commodity trading advisor’ does not include a person who serves as an in-vestment adviser to an investment company reg-istered pursuant to section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a subsidiary of such a company, if the commodity trading advice re-lates only to a financial commodity interest, as defined in paragraph (12)(C)(ii) of this section. For purposes of this subparagraph only, the term ‘commodity’ does not include a security issued by a real estate investment trust, business development company, or issuer of asset-backed securities, including any index of such securi-ties.’’. TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 401. CORRECTION OF REFERENCES. 
(a) Section 2(h)(8)(A)(ii) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(8)(A)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘5h(f) of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘5h(g)’’. (b) Section 5c(c)(5)(C)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–2(c)(5)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(2)(i))’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(19)(i))’’. (c) Section 23(f) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 26(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 7064’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 706’’. 
SEC. 402. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-ERENCES TO DEALER OPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4c of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6c) is amended by strik-ing subsections (d) and (e) and redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 2(d) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘(g) of’’ and inserting ‘‘(e) of’’. (2) Section 4f(a)(4)(A)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6f(a)(4)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘, (d), (e), and (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (e)’’. (3) Section 4k(5)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6k(5)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘, (d), (e), and (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (e)’’. (4) Section 5f(b)(1)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7b–1(b)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘, (e), and (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (e)’’. (5) Section 9(a)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 13(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘through (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (c)’’. 
SEC. 403. UPDATED TRADE DATA PUBLICATION REQUIREMENT. 
Section 4g(e) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6g(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘ex-change’’ and inserting ‘‘each designated con-tract market and swap execution facility’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.012 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH420 January 12, 2017 
SEC. 404. FLEXIBILITY FOR REGISTERED ENTI-TIES. 
Section 5c(b) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–2(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘con-tract market, derivatives transaction execution facility, or electronic trading facility’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘registered enti-ty’’. 
SEC. 405. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-ERENCES TO ELECTRONIC TRADING FACILITIES. 
(a) Section 1a(19)(A)(x) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(18)(A)(x)), as so redesig-nated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(other than an electronic trad-ing facility with respect to a significant price discovery contract)’’. (b) Section 1a(40) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(41)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended— (1) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (D); and (2) by striking all that follows ‘‘section 21’’ and inserting a period. (c) Section 4a(e) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(e)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or by any electronic trading facility’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or on an electronic trading facility’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facility’’ each place it appears; and (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facility with respect to a sig-nificant price discovery contract’’. (d) Section 4g(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘any significant price discovery contract traded or executed on an electronic trading facility or’’. (e) Section 4i of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6i) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or any significant price dis-covery contract traded or executed on an elec-tronic trading facility or any agreement, con-tract, or transaction that is treated by a deriva-tives clearing organization, whether registered or not registered, as fungible with a significant price discovery contract’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facility’’. (f) Section 6(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facil-ity’’ each place it appears. (g) Section 12(e)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 16(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘in the case of— ’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in the case of an agreement, contract, or transaction that is excluded from this Act under section 2(c) or 2(f) of this Act or title IV of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, or exempted under section 4(c) of this Act (regardless of whether any such agreement, contract, or transaction is otherwise subject to this Act).’’. 
SEC. 406. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-ERENCE TO ALTERNATIVE SWAP EXECUTION FACILITIES. 
Section 5h(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7b–3(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘alter-native’’ before ‘‘swap’’. 
SEC. 407. ELIMINATION OF REDUNDANT REF-ERENCES TO TYPES OF REGISTERED ENTITIES. 
Section 6b of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 13a) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘as set forth in sections 5 through 5c’’. 
SEC. 408. CLARIFICATION OF COMMISSION AU-THORITY OVER SWAPS TRADING. 
Section 8a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 12a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the protection of swaps trad-ers and to assure fair dealing in swaps, for’’ after ‘‘appropriate for’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘swaps or’’ after ‘‘conditions in’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or swaps’’ after ‘‘future delivery’’; and (2) in paragraph (9)— (A) by inserting ‘‘swap or’’ after ‘‘or liquida-tion of any’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘swap or’’ after ‘‘margin lev-els on any’’. SEC. 409. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-ERENCE TO THE COMMODITY EX-CHANGE COMMISSION. 
Section 13(c) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 13c(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘or the Commission’’. 
SEC. 410. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-ERENCES TO DERIVATIVE TRANS-ACTION EXECUTION FACILITIES. 
(a) Section 1a(13)(B)(vi) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(12)(B)(vi)), as so redes-ignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘derivatives transaction execution facility’’ and inserting ‘‘swap execu-tion facility’’. (b) Section 1a(35) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(34)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it ap-pears. (c) Section 1a(36)(B)(iii)(I) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(35)(B)(iii)(I)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execu-tion facility’’. (d) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(ii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(ii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or register a derivatives transaction execution facility that trades or exe-cutes,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘, and no derivatives trans-action execution facility shall trade or execute such contracts of sale (or options on such con-tracts) for future delivery’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘or the derivatives transaction execution facility,’’. (e) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(I) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘, or any derivatives transaction execution facility on which such contract or option is traded,’’. (f) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(II) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. (g) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(V) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(V)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. (h) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(i)) is amended in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (1) by striking ‘‘in, or register a derivatives transaction execution facility’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, or registered as a derivatives transaction execution facility for,’’. (i) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(i)(IV) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(i)(IV)) is amended by striking ‘‘registered derivatives transaction execution fa-cility,’’ each place it appears. (j) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(I) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(I)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I) the transaction is conducted on or subject to the rules of a board of trade that has been designated by the Commission as a contract market in such security futures product; or’’. (k) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(II) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. (l) Section 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(III) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(D)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered derivatives transaction execution facility member’’. (m) Section 2(a)(9)(B)(ii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(9)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or registration’’ each place it appears; (2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-cution facility’’ each place it appears; (3) by striking ‘‘or register’’; (4) by striking ‘‘, registering,’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘registration,’’. (n) Section 2(c)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘or a derivatives transaction execution facility’’. (o) Section 4(a)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it ap-pears. (p) Section 4(c)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6(c)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’ after ‘‘des-ignated’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-cution facility’’. (q) Section 4a(a)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-cution facilities’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-cution facility’’. (r) Section 4a(e) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, derivatives transaction exe-cution facility,’’ each place it appears; and (2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-cution facility’’. (s) Section 4c(e) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6c(g)), as so redesignated by section 402(a) of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives trans-action execution facility’’ each place it appears. (t) Section 4d of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6d) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. (u) Section 4e of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6e) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’. (v) Section 4f(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6f(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. (w) Section 4i of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6i) is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’. (x) Section 4j(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6j(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘and registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. (y) Section 4p(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6p(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘, or derivatives trans-action execution facilities’’. (z) Section 4p(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6p(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘derivatives transaction execution facility,’’. (aa) Section 5c(f) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a– 2(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘and registered de-rivatives transaction execution facility’’. (bb) Section 5c(f)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a– 2(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘or registered de-rivatives transaction execution facility’’. (cc) Section 6 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction exe-cution facility’’ each place it appears; and (3) by striking ‘‘or registration’’ each place it appears. (dd) Section 6a(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 10a(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or a derivatives transaction execution facility’’; and (3) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘exclude’’ the first place it appears. (ee) Section 6a(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 10a(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or registered’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or a derivatives transaction execution facility’’. (ff) Section 6d(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 13a– 
2(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘derivatives trans-action execution facility,’’. 
SEC. 411. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REF-ERENCES TO EXEMPT BOARDS OF TRADE. 
(a) Section 1a(19)(A)(x) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(18)(A)(x)), as so redesig-nated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘or an exempt board of trade’’. (b) Section 12(e)(1)(B)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 16(e)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘or exempt board of trade’’. 
SEC. 412. ELIMINATION OF REPORT DUE IN 1986. 
Section 26 of the Futures Trading Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 16a) is amended by striking subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.012 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H421 January 12, 2017 
(b) and redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). 
SEC. 413. COMPLIANCE REPORT FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 4s(k)(3)(B) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(k)(3)(B)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A compliance report under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) include a certification that, under pen-alty of law, the compliance report is materially accurate and complete; and ‘‘(ii) be furnished at such time as the Commis-sion determines by rule, regulation, or order, to be appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 414. MISCELLANEOUS CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Section 1a(13)(A)(i)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(12)(A)(i)(II)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end a semicolon. (b) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(ii)(III) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(ii)(III)) is amended by moving the provision 2 ems to the right. (c) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(iii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(iii)) is amended by moving the provi-sion 2 ems to the right. (d) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(iv) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘under or’’ and inserting ‘‘under’’. (e) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)) is amended by moving the provi-sion 2 ems to the right. (f) Section 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(VI) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(C)(v)(VI)) is amended by striking ‘‘III’’ and inserting ‘‘(III)’’. (g) Section 2(c)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 2(c)(1)) is amended by striking the second comma. (h) Section 4(c)(3)(H) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6(c)(3)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘state’’ and inserting ‘‘State’’. (i) Section 4c(c) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6c(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) The Commission shall issue regulations to continue to permit the trading of options on contract markets under such terms and condi-tions that the Commission from time to time may prescribe.’’. (j) Section 4d(b) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6d(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) of this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’. (k) Section 4f(c)(3)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6f(c)(3)(A)) is amended by striking the first comma. (l) Section 4f(c)(4)(A) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6f(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘in devel-oping’’ and inserting ‘‘In developing’’. (m) Section 4f(c)(4)(B) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6f(c)(4)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘1817(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘1817(a))’’. (n) Section 5 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7) is amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (e) as subsections (b) through (d), re-spectively. (o) Section 5b of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–1) is amended by redesignating subsection (k) as sub-section (j). (p) Section 5f(b)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7b– 1(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5f’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’. (q) Section 6(a) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the the’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’. (r) Section 8a of such Act (7 U.S.C. 12a) is amended in each of paragraphs (2)(E) and (3)(B) by striking ‘‘Investors’’ and inserting ‘‘Investor’’. (s) Section 9(a)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 13(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection 4c’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4c’’. (t) Section 12(b)(4) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 16(b)(4)) is amended by moving the provision 2 ems to the left. (u) Section 14(a)(2) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 18(a)(2)) is amended by moving the provision 2 ems to the left. (v) Section 17(b)(9)(D) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21(b)(9)(D)) is amended by striking the semi-colon and inserting a period. (w) Section 17(b)(10)(C)(ii) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21(b)(10)(C)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end. (x) Section 17(b)(11) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21(b)(11)) is amended by striking the period and inserting a semicolon. (y) Section 17(b)(12) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21(b)(12)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(A)’’; and (2) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’. (z) Section 17(b)(13) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21(b)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘A’’ and in-serting ‘‘a’’. (aa) Section 17 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21), as amended by sections 101 through 103 of this Act, is amended by redesignating subsection (q), as added by section 233(5) of Public Law 97–444, and subsections (s) through (w) as subsections (r) through (x), respectively. (bb) Section 22(b)(3) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 25(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘of registered’’ and inserting ‘‘of a registered’’. (cc) Section 22(b)(4) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 25(b)(4)) is amended by inserting a comma after ‘‘entity’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115– 3. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ADERHOLT  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title II the following: 
SEC. 213. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN LEASING AU-THORITY OF THE COMMISSION. 
Section 12(b)(3) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 16(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘including, but not limited to,’’ and inserting ‘‘excluding’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In the case of an existing lease contract entered into under this paragraph, the Commission may not extend the lease term, but may agree to any other contract modification that does not result in any ad-ditional cost to the Federal Government.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 40, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I present to you an amendment, as the chairman of the Ap-propriations Subcommittee for Agri-culture, that provides funding over-sight for the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, known as the CFTC. This amendment that is before us this afternoon is a simple, yet a very necessary solution to issues identified at the CFTC regarding its leasing prac-tices by its own inspector general and the Government Accountability Office. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, would allow the CFTC to manage its leases through a third party, such as the General Services Administration. Up until now, the CFTC has dem-onstrated they have not responsibly managed their own leases, and such missteps have created a number of problems for the agency itself. These include poor management and over-sight of the agency’s leasing practices, resulting in millions of dollars in ex-cess space and leasing costs. The GAO legal division has identified instances of the CFTC violating the ap-propriations law with regard to its leasing payments and contracts. GAO is further reviewing four addi-tional legal issues that are related to the CFTC’s leasing contracts, and we expect the issuance of opinions in the near future that will justify the need for this very amendment that we are talking about this afternoon. Let me add that at the CFTC, they are experts at their oversight of the commodity and the futures and the swap markets. However, the CFTC is not expert in leasing practices, and they should be relieved from the bur-den of doing this as we move forward. I would ask my colleagues to support this amendment at the desk. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. According to the CFTC, there is a drafting error in this amendment. I don’t know exactly what it is, but they claim that there is a drafting error. They also claim that it prohibits the CFTC from entering into leases going forward. They have expressed concern that this prohibition will affect their ability to enter into contracts with GSA in emergency situations and in order to sublease unused space. This is one of the problems that I have with this bill in skipping the process of consideration in the Com-mittee on Agriculture. If we would have done that, we would have had a chance to go over this and figure out exactly what is going on and who is right and who is wrong and what the situation is. So, according to them, there are problems. We haven’t gone through regular order, so I reluctantly oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, this amendment has been vetted by the House Legislative Counsel and the staff at the CFTC. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Alabama has yielded back. Does the gentleman from Alabama seek unani-mous consent to reclaim the balance of the time? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.012 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH422 January 12, 2017 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ala-bama? There was no objection. Mr. ADERHOLT. The amendment has been vetted by the House Legislative Counsel and the staff at the CFTC. I understand and I can appreciate any concerns that the ranking member would have. Let me say, as we move forward, we will take any of this into account as we move forward on this process, any technical changes that are necessary before this bill becomes law, and we will be happy to work with the ranking member as we move forward with this amendment. b1330 Mr. PETERSON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ADERHOLT. I yield to the gen-tleman from Minnesota. Mr. PETERSON. Again, we are being told by the CFTC that this is not the case. So, again, I don’t know who is right or wrong, and I appreciate your offer to work with us to get to the bottom of this. Again, this is the problem that you have when you don’t go through regular order. Mr. ADERHOLT. Reclaiming my time, I would just add that, for this amendment, we will work with any concerns that they may have and try to fix anything that may be, but this is something that needs to be addressed, as there are real problems at the CFTC regarding the leasing issue. I would ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN  
SCOTT OF GEORGIA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 213. REFORM OF THE CUSTOMER PROTEC-TION FUND. 
Section 23(g) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 26(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or fiscal year limitation’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘, without fiscal year limitation;’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘thereunder.’’ and inserting ‘‘, the total amount of which shall not exceed $5,000,000 per fiscal year.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘unless the balance of the Fund at the time the mon-etary judgment is collected exceeds $100,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘, but only to the extent that the resulting balance of the Fund does not exceed $50,000,000’’; and (3) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6) and inserting after paragraph (4) the following: ‘‘(5) REVERSION TO TREASURY .—Notwith- standing the preceding provisions of this subsection, to the extent the balance of the Fund exceeds $50,000,000, the excess amount shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 40, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the Scott amendment to H.R. 238, the Com-modity End-User Relief Act. This commonsense amendment brings much needed reforms and guid-ance for the consumer protection fund at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The drafters of Dodd- Frank envisioned the consumer protec-tion fund to be capped at $100 million. However, through agency interpreta-tions, this fund currently has a balance of nearly $250 million. While the fund is certainly well-in-tended and can be used to pay whistle-blower awards and fund customer edu-cation initiatives, there is no limit on the amount of the fund that can be spent on these customer education ini-tiatives. There is also a very broad definition of what constitutes a customer edu-cation initiative. For instance, the vast majority of the fund is currently being spent on programs like adver-tising, opening offices in cities with little need, and paying for CFTC staff travel. This amendment would do two things. First, it would place a hard cap, one which administrators can’t bypass, on the fund of $50 million. This would simply make a commonsense decision to return approximately $200 million to the Treasury and keep the fund from carrying an excessive balance in the fu-ture. Should whistleblower payouts ex-ceed $50 million, the Treasury would place additional money into the fund. The amendment’s second reform would limit spending on customer edu-cation initiatives to $5 million per year. This limit would bring discipline to the provision that has been used to spend millions in advertising and so-cial media outreach. The Congressional Budget Office in-formally indicates that these changes would save more than $40 million and would preserve the customer protec-tion fund while making commonsense reforms to protect taxpayer resources. I encourage adoption of my amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, as was indicated, this places a $5 million limit on expenditures. Again, I don’t know if it is a drafting error or a difference of opinion, but, ac-cording to the CFTC, they claim that this amendment does things that were not explained and were not, in their opinion, made clear in the amendment. I don’t know if they are calling it an error, or whatever it is, but there is a provision in there that says that this fund, once it gets above $100 million, can’t go above $50 million. So what this does is it basically lim-its the amount, once they get an amount to go back into the fund to re-plenish it. Again, I am not exactly sure who is right or who is wrong here, but it is another example of, I think, some-thing that could have been avoided if this would have come through the Ag-riculture Committee in regular order. The CFTC’s education initiatives to help consumers protect themselves have been successful since this initia-tive began. The main expense is the Web site BrokerCheck. The whistle-blower awards have increased recently and have been shown to be an effective method of enforcing the Commodity Exchange Act. So, again, I would ask opposition to the amendment and again make the point that, had we gone through the committee process, we could have re-solved this and probably been on the same page. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has yielded back. The gentleman from Georgia yielded back his time. Does the gentleman wish to request unanimous consent to reclaim the balance of his time? Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Yes, Mr. Chair. The CHAIR. Without objection, so or-dered. There was no objection. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I would point out that there is over $200 million in the account. If somebody were going to make $200 mil-lion subject to the appropriations proc-ess, I imagine any bureaucrat would object if that was going to happen to their agency. But the fact of the matter is, that is one of the ways that we as Members of Congress are able to make sure that taxpayer funds are spent where we ex-pect them to be spent. This does not in any way, shape, or form hinder the ability to pay out to whistleblowers. I firmly believe we should be paying whistleblowers. If the fund needs additional re-sources, we have the ability to appro-priate it, but it would prevent the agency from maintaining balances well in excess of what was anticipated in the Dodd-Frank legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.036 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H423 January 12, 2017 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 32, after line 3, insert the following: (L) Section 3a(68)(A)(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(68)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(47)(B)(x)’’ and inserting ‘‘(48)(B)(x)’’. (M) Section 3C(g)(3)(A)(v) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c- 3(g)(3)(A)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(11)’’. (N) Section 6(g)(5)(B)(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f(g)(5)(B)(i)) is amended— (i) in sublcause (I), by striking ‘‘1a(18)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(19)(B)(ii)’’; and (ii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘1a(18)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(19)’’. (O) Section 15F(h)(5)(A)(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o- 10(h)(5)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1a(18)’’ and inserting ‘‘1a(19)’’. Page 50, line 21, strike ‘‘1a(10)(C)’’ and in-sert ‘‘1a(11)(C)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 40, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, this is a pretty straightforward amend-ment. It proposes certain technical cor-rections within the bills. This would have normally been handled by the Rules Committee without need for a particular amendment, but because, as I said yesterday, the language of H.R. 238 is the exact language out of last year’s June 15 bill, except for things that we dropped and limiting the ap-propriations to $250 million. So, in the spirit of total trans-parency, I bring this amendment for-ward so the full body can work its will on this technical correction that would have normally been fixed by the Rules Committee. Mr. PETERSON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CONAWAY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Minnesota. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 40, line 4, strike ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (5) of subsection (a)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. Add at the end of title III the following: 
SEC. 318. REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO POSITION LIMITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4a(a) of the Com-modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (2), (3), (5), and (6); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (7) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (b) B
ONAFIDEHEDGING TRANSACTION DEFI-
NITION .—Section 4a(c)(2)(A)(i) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6a(c)(2)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘normally’’ before ‘‘represents’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this section. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 40, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, the amendment I offer today will clarify amendments made to the Commodity Exchange Act by Dodd-Frank and re-quire the CFTC to actually determine that position limits will, in fact, help reduce excessive speculation before they implement those new rules. This past fall, my colleagues and I all ran for reelection promising to reduce government regulation and eliminate rules that needlessly burden the econ-omy. As we consider the CFTC’s ongo-ing work, we should look no further than the position limits rulemaking to begin that task. Position limits are a tool that have merit and purpose in regulating the commodities market. Today, des-ignated contract markets core prin-ciple V requires every U.S. exchange to impose, as is necessary and appro-priate, position limits or position ac-countability levels on the contracts they offer. Further, there are several agricul-tural contracts that have long-estab-lished and well understood federally mandated position limits. My amend-ment will not change any of those ex-isting position limits regime. Prior to Dodd-Frank, the law was clear: if the Commission wanted to im-pose position limits, it first had to make a determination that such limits would diminish, eliminate, or prevent the burdens of excessive speculation. Post-Dodd-Frank, the courts have ruled that additions to the statute have rendered it ambiguous. Chairman Massad and I have dis-agreed for the past 3 years about how to read the statute. So today, my amendment fixes the ambiguity by af-firmatively requiring the Commission to determine that position limits will serve to reduce the burdens of exces-sive speculation before they put them in place. It is important that the Commission affirmatively determines the need for position limits because limits are an unmistakable burden on market par-ticipants. The current position limits proposal will cost market participants substan-tially in time and money to comply with. Most importantly, it fundamen-tally changes the way hedgers can seek relief from the rules. Agricultural producers and proc-essors, power companies, and other commercial hedgers may have fewer bona fide hedges. What is more, they might get a hedge exemption, only to get a call from Washington telling them their hedge is invalid and they must liquidate their position. The proposal also imposes new rec-ordkeeping and reporting obligations on Futures Commission Merchants, ex-changes, and market participants. Less well understood, but no less important, is the impact that position limits in later months might have on market li-quidity. Position limits do not have anything to do with the long-term price of com-modities. The price of oil, no matter how high it climbs or how low it falls, is driven by supply and demand. Congress itself recognized this when it characterized the burdens of exces-sive speculation as the sudden or un-reasonable fluctuations or unwarranted changes in the price of a commodity. There is nothing sudden about a year’s- long run-up or a year’s-long decline in commodity prices. That said, I agree there is a role for position limits to play in the manage-ment of our commodity markets, espe-cially in managing the convergence of prices at the expiration of a contract. But limits are a regulatory tool to pro-mote orderly markets, not a silver bul-let to lower commodity prices for con-sumers. As a tool, they need to be calibrated to the unique characteristics and his-torical patterns of each commodity. We cannot impose them in blind faith that more regulation automatically improves markets. My amendment is agnostic about the merits of position limits, but it is clear about the need for the government to justify its rules that restrict economic activity. As this Congress sets about reducing regulatory burdens, it is important that we start by requiring the CFTC to make a determination about the need for further regulations before they act. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield my time to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), who was one of the original folks who brought this forward and one of the original au-thors, I think, of this provision. So I am going to let him carry the day on the opposition to this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.040 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH424 January 12, 2017 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Connecticut will control the time in opposition. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. C ONAWAY , with whom I did serve on the Agri-culture Committee with for a number of years, and I recall well some of the discussion and debate as Chairman Gensler appeared before the committee on article 7 of the Dodd-Frank Act. Although, I didn’t author that posi-tion, former-Senator Dodd is a con-stituent of mine. So I guess that is close enough to the work that was done creating this section. Again, let’s be very clear about what this amendment does. It is not about clarifying anything. It is about strip-ping from the law article 7 of Dodd- Frank, which was a congressional man-date to establish position limits for speculative trading. Again, this was not done in a vacu-um. It was done because there has been an explosion of speculative trading that is taking place in commodities markets. We had testimony in the Con-gress back in 2010 that it had grown from 22 percent to 67 percent specula-tion on Wall Street. Goldman Sachs— when, again, we were dealing with close to $4 a gallon for gas—had a re-port which said that 27 percent of that price was due to speculation. So, Con-gress appropriately instructed CFTC to come back with a regulatory plan to limit speculative positions in a reason-able way. Again, no one quarrels with the fact that end users, whether it is farms, ranchers, airlines, or businesses of all sorts, should be able to exercise op-tions in market swaps. b1345 In those instances, these are firms and businesses which actually take physical possession and control of the commodity. Again, what Goldman Sachs and other analysts had dem-onstrated is that what has been a bur-geoning trend is that firms were begin-ning to take dominant position in mar-kets that, again, were not even close or remotely involved in the actual pro-duction, processing, or use of the com-modities that were in question. So again, CFTC has begun an ardu-ous, painful process of trying to craft a rule. In fact, just a few weeks ago, on December 5, the CFTC voted unani-mously to again move that process along and come up with a draft of a balanced, reasonable rule, so it is not a dead-end situation. As has been reported, what they basi-cally were looking at was a funda-mental or a basic limit of roughly about 25 percent of a commodity could not be controlled by one firm. The end users that I spoke to, as this rule has been making its way, actually think that the CFTC is being too generous in terms of allowing an individual firm to control up to 25 percent of a market. I think a lot of Americans would under-stand that that kind of position really would provide for an opportunity to manipulate market prices. In fact, there are some end users who think the rule should be very simple, that you have to take actual physical possession of the commodity in order to be able to hedge a position or engage in a future option. Again, the CFTC did not go to that radical extreme. Again, they tried to listen to the thousands of comments—Chairman Gensler, Chair-man Massad—to try to fashion a rule that allowed a healthy market but did not allow situations which were occur-ring during high gas and oil prices. In Connecticut, we had home heating oil suppliers who were describing situa-tions where the price of the heating oil by the time the truck left the garage and came back was going up 10, 15 cents just during that short period of time for no reason at all. There wasn’t like a refinery explosion or some inci-dent that was happening overseas. It was, again, the movement on Wall Street of people who were profiting not from use of the commodity but, in fact, just from the movement on the price. That is really what CFTC has been hard at work doing. This amendment will basically shut that down. It is not a clarification. It basically takes away what was Con-gress’ instruction to CFTC. Again, I respectfully oppose this amendment. I think we should allow the Commission, which is going to have a Republican Chairman in a few weeks, to continue to work on this issue and to provide protection for the true end users, the people who actually use the commodities, as well as consumers. Whether it is those who get their home heating oil tank full, their gas tank full, whether it is farmers and ranchers who are dealing with things like feed costs, we should have a healthy system of making sure that individuals or firms cannot have a dominant position in terms of controlling commodities. This is not an arcane, esoteric issue for Americans. This affects bread-and- butter issues in terms of how much they pay for essential goods and com-modities for them and their families. I would strongly urge the Members to not accept this amendment. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, the CFTC prepared a draft report this past year. Quoting from page 142 of that draft, it says the Masters Hypothesis, which my colleague—who I do have great respect for—said the mere pres-ence of passives distorts the market-place, that is what Masters Hypothesis said. The CFTC found there are no rep-utable economic studies which fully endorse this view of how the com-modity futures markets work. I would like to close with this com-ment from another study by the chief economist: ‘‘Comment letters on either side declaring that the matter is set-tled in their favor among respectable economists is simply incorrect. The best economists on both sides of the de-bate concede that there is legitimate debate afoot. This analysis paper docu-ments that the academic debate amongst economists about the mag-nitude, prevalence, and pervasiveness of the risk of outsized market positions has reputable and legitimate standard- bearers for opposing positions.’’ I agree with that in full. All we are asking the CFTC to do, Mr. Chairman, is to do the work to prove that the spe-cific position list they want to imple-ment, should they believe one is need-ed, that they would have to go through regular order, their regular order, to make that happen. I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title III the following: 
SEC. 318. PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 
The Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4t the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4u. PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 
‘‘The Commission is not authorized to compel persons to produce or furnish algo-rithmic trading source code or similar intel-lectual property to the Commission, unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 40, the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. D
UFFY ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the support of the gentleman from Texas and his insight in this amendment. I was a prosecutor in a former life, and we care a lot about due process, making sure that the govern-ment can’t take something from a pri-vate individual just because they want to take it. As an American, I know that pro-tecting intellectual property is a cor-nerstone of our free enterprise system. That is why I am concerned about the CFTC’s rule on automated trading, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.044 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H425 January 12, 2017 
which takes the unprecedented step of requiring a wide array of market par-ticipants engaged in algorithmic trad-ing to maintain a source code reposi-tory and make it available for inspec-tion by the CFTC or the Department of Justice without a subpoena. Now, this is highly sensitive source code. This is intellectual property that helps the functionality of our market-place, and to think that this kind of sensitive data can be taken by the Fed-eral Government without a subpoena should shock our conscience. There are times when the government should get this information; but if they should have it, they should be able to use a subpoena and lay out the cause and the case for why they need to have it. That is not just my only concern. But the CFTC is potentially going to be taking this source code from all dif-ferent market players and holding it in a warehouse or a repository, and so we have a concern for hacking. It has been a big conversation as of late. But in-stead of a foreign entity hacking in to individual companies, they just have to hack the CFTC and they get all the source code. Just think of the mali-cious things that can happen if you have the source code of market play-ers, how you can disrupt it, how you can take it down. It is absolutely frightening. So I think we should have great pause, take a little time to reflect on our Constitution, and continue to re-spect and support due process, which means, if the government wants this information, they should have a sub-poena, lay out their case, and that is the avenue by which they get it, not just because they want it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, this amendment addresses a problem that the CFTC is already well on its way to resolving in its proposed rule on auto-mated trading. It requires that the Commission must vote to issue a sub-poena to collect source code from high- frequency trading firms before the Commission can examine it. I support the protections for the source code as intellectual property. I know Commissioner—soon to be Chair-man, I think—Giancarlo has made this a priority, but this amendment I think is poorly drafted. Again, I don’t want to harp on this too much, but it is something that could have been re-solved had we had a committee process to do this bill. One of the questions I have: I don’t quite understand why this language is in the bill regarding similar intellec-tual property. The people at the CFTC, they don’t know what this means, they don’t know why you put that language in there, and they think it is going to cause a lot of problems. So we are try-ing to get at the source code. I have a problem with that. But why is this lan-guage in there? Would the gentleman be willing to explain to me why that is in there and what it means? Mr. DUFFY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PETERSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gen-tleman for yielding. Again, as an American, when the government wants to take very secure intellectual property and data, we do have this belief that they should be able to get a subpoena to access it. Again, we don’t have a disagreement that the CFTC, in circumstances, we want them to get access to this infor-mation. Mr. PETERSON. Right. Mr. DUFFY. But highly sensitive in-tellectual property, we think, similar data, should require a subpoena. Mr. PETERSON. What is that intel-lectual property that the CFTC might go after? They don’t know what it is. I don’t know what it is. Is there some reason? The source code is what the issue is, right? Mr. DUFFY. If the gentleman would yield, is the gentleman saying that if the government just wants highly sen-sitive and intellectual property they should be able to go in and just ask for it and require it to be delivered? Mr. PETERSON. This isn’t the gov-ernment. It is the CFTC. It is a very specific part of the government. Mr. DUFFY. But it is the govern-ment. Mr. PETERSON. Well, right. I don’t know what it means. They think it is problematic, and I think it is another example of where we would have been better off with regular order. I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I just want to clarify that in the proposed rule there is no requirement for a sub-poena. That doesn’t exist. Now, they might have told you that they want to reform that rule, but that is not the way the proposed rule stands today. Again, if our government wants infor-mation from the private sector, we all believe they should have a subpoena for it, number one. Again, on the concern of hacking, I wrote the Chair of the CFTC and asked for additional information about how they can preserve and protect this very sensitive information, and, in essence, they said: We can protect it because we say we can protect it. That doesn’t give me great confidence. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. DETERMINATION OF PREDOMINANT ENGAGEMENT. 
Section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(C)), as amended by section 314 of this Act, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(v) In determining whether a person is predominantly engaged in a business or ac-tivity for purposes of clause (i)(VIII), there shall be excluded revenues and assets that are, or result from, any transaction that is entered into solely for purposes of hedging or mitigating commercial risk (as defined by the Commission for purposes of subpara-graph (A)(ii)).’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 40, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is a simple, straight-forward one, bringing clarity to the law and relief, again, to the end users, such as farmers, ranchers, and manu-facturers that use swaps to hedge com-mercial risks associated with their business, including volatile markets and price fluctuations on a day-to-day basis. This critical financial tool al-lows them to do their jobs and provide products in an affordable and acces-sible manner, keeping consumer costs low. Discussing Dodd-Frank, Congress al-ways intended that these end users should not have to clear the swaps en-tered to hedge these commercial risks and provide the end-user exemption to that end. The Commodity Exchange Act de-fines as a financial entity a person pre-dominantly engaged in certain finan-cial activities. The Fed’s rulemaking when defining financial activities re-peatedly states the rule is for the pur-pose of title I; therefore, bringing it in to title VII was something they did not have in mind when issuing their defini-tions of predominantly engaged for fi-nancial entities. Therefore, financial entities cannot rely on this end-user exception. However, because of a catchall in the definition of financial entities, end users who engage in successful hedging programs could be regarded as finan-cial entities, thereby creating barriers and unnecessary restrictions to their business operations. This completely turns the concept of being an end user in title VII on its head. My amendment today ensures end users will not lose their ability to rely on the end-user exception, which is a clearing requirement due simply to the position performance of a transaction entered into solely to mitigate com-mercial risk. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.047 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH426 January 12, 2017 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I am not exactly sure why this is needed, but I don’t have any problem with the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). The amendment was agreed to. b1400 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LUCAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF TRANSACTIONS BE-TWEEN AFFILIATES. 
Section 1a(48) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(47)), as so redesignated by section 304(b)(1) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) T
REATMENT OF TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN  
AFFILIATES .— ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTION FROM SWAP RULES .—An agreement, contract, or transaction de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (F) shall not be regulated as a swap under this Act if all of the following apply with respect to the agreement, contract, or transaction: ‘‘(I) A
FFILIATION .—1 counterparty, directly or indirectly, holds a majority ownership in-terest in the other counterparty, or a third party, directly or indirectly, holds a major-ity ownership interest in both counterpar-ties. ‘‘(II) F
INANCIAL STATEMENTS .—The affili-ated counterparty that holds the majority interest in the other counterparty or the third party that, directly or indirectly, holds the majority interests in both affiliated counterparties, reports its financial state-ments on a consolidated basis under gen-erally accepted accounting principles or International Financial Reporting Stand-ards, or other similar standards, and the fi-nancial statements include the financial re-sults of the majority-owned affiliated counterparty or counterparties. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—If at least 1 counterparty to an agreement, contract, or transaction that meets the requirements of clause (i) is a swap dealer or major swap par-ticipant, that counterparty shall report the agreement, contract, or transaction pursu-ant to section 4r, within such time period as the Commission may by rule or regulation prescribe— ‘‘(I) to a swap data repository; or ‘‘(II) if there is no swap data repository that would accept the agreement, contract or transaction, to the Commission . ‘‘(iii) R
ISK MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENT .—If at least 1 counterparty to an agreement, contract, or transaction that meets the re-quirements of clause (i) is a swap dealer or major swap participant, the agreement, con-tract, or transaction shall be subject to a centralized risk management program pursu-ant to section 4s(j) that is reasonably de-signed to monitor and to manage the risks associated with the agreement, contract, or transaction. ‘‘(iv) VARIATION MARGIN REQUIREMENT .—Af- filiated counterparties to an agreement, con-tract, or transaction that meets the require-ments of clause (i) shall exchange variation margin to the extent prescribed under any rule promulgated by the Commission or any prudential regulator pursuant to section 4s(e). ‘‘(v) A
NTI-EVASION REQUIREMENT .—An agreement, contract, or transaction that meets the requirements of clause (i) shall not be structured to evade the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act in violation of any rule promul-gated by the Commission pursuant to section 721(c) of such Act.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 40, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Lucas amendment to H.R. 238. This amendment works to provide much-needed relief and certainty for American companies by clarifying how the internal risk reducing transactions amongst the businesses’ own affiliates are regulated. Many businesses of all types and sizes in our country use de-rivatives to manage the risks they face within their daily operations. Inter-affiliate swaps are a commonly used and effective internal risk manage-ment tool these businesses rely upon. Unfortunately, derivatives reforms implemented under Dodd-Frank fail to distinguish the difference between interaffiliate transactions and trans-actions executed between unaffiliated third parties. Such internal trans-actions ensure firms to centralize their risk management activities between affiliate counterparties and do not cre-ate additional counterparty exposure outside of a corporate group. This amendment, therefore, clarifies that interaffiliate swaps are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as external, market-facing swaps between third parties. In addition, this amendment is con-sistent with the CFTC’s attempts to provide similar relief through rule ex-ceptions and no-action letters. While such actions by the CFTC have pro-vided relief, they do not provide a workable, clear, and predictable set of regulations that market participants can effectively operate under. This amendment will keep in place appropriate regulatory reforms and provide much-needed regulatory and legal certainty for U.S. companies. Please join me in supporting this need-ed reform. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to my friend Mr. L
UCAS ’ amendment. This amendment rejects the bipartisan com-promise negotiated over 4 years to strike the right balance regarding interaffiliate swaps. Indeed, Democrats like Ms. MOORE and Republicans like Mr. S
TIVERS carefully negotiated a way to balance the needs of operating com-panies like airlines and refineries. This amendment, however, would exempt swaps between affiliates, including megabanks like Goldman Sachs and J.P.Morgan, from the mandatory mar-gin, clearing, trade execution, capital, and every other protection under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. While we generally agree that swaps between affiliated corporate entities do not pose a systemic threat, we are deeply troubled about this desire to un-dermine all swaps rules and harm our economy. During testimony on a similar version of this amendment, the CFTC’s former chairman, Gary Gensler, stated that such an exemption would provide a big loophole around our derivatives rules and that it would ‘‘blow a hole in Dodd-Frank.’’ Specifically, the amendment exempts affiliate swaps no matter where the af-filiate resides. So, an affiliate could re-side in a foreign jurisdiction that lacks any swaps regulation and share its risks with a U.S. affiliate, but our reg-ulators would be prohibited from im-posing any safeguards such as initial margin or capital requirements. Why would we pass such a self-inflicted wound? With that, Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time sim-ply to note to my colleagues the goal of this amendment is to allow business entities to efficiently manage their risk. If that risk is managed internally where it is no threat to third parties then they should have the ability to do it in the most efficient fashion. As I noted in my earlier comments, CFTC has provided similar relief through rule exceptions and no-action letters. What we are trying to do here is clarify this situation. As far as one of the previous chair-men of the CFTC, while a very enthusi-astic regulator, I would note that I and many participants down through the years have disagreed with his interpre-tations on several things. But, with that, I have the greatest respect for my colleague over there. This is a sincere difference of opinion. Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) who is the chair-man of the full committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port the gentleman’s amendment. I would point out that at the end of his amendment is an antievasion re-quirement which would allow the CFTC to watch for the kinds of things that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.049 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H427 January 12, 2017 
the gentlewoman from California was worried about in which foreign mar-kets might be involved and other things. So there are, structured in the Lucas amendment, protections to avoid a crafty, interaffiliate kind of cir-cumstance that she was concerned about. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MRS . HARTZLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 115–3. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. lll. DELAY IN FULL IMPLEMENTATION OF THE FINAL RULE ON OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL REPORTING. 
The Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion may not enforce non-compliance with the final rule titled ‘‘Ownership and Control Reports, Forms 102/2S, 40/40S, and 71’’ (78 FR 69178; November 18, 2013) until the Commis-sion votes to approve a final rule that has been amended to— (1) provide that the reportable trading vol-ume level shall be at least 300 contracts; (2) provide that the reporting entity shall not be required to provide natural person controller data; and (3) provide that the reporting entity is not obligated to supply data that violates for-eign privacy laws. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 40, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Missouri. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to bring certainty to farmers, agricul-tural cooperatives, and grain elevators across Missouri and the country that are having problems complying with burdensome reporting requirements at the CFTC. Dodd-Frank never intended to regulate end users like independent grain elevators who work on behalf of Missouri farmers to help manage their price risk. My amendment works to correct this oversight and provide a stable environment for all players in the industry. My amendment is simple. It would require the Commission to address three outstanding concerns to the Own-ership and Control Reports rule, better known as the OCR rule, before the Commission can begin enforcement, which, by the way, the CFTC is not en-forcing presently. This industry cur-rently is operating under a no-action relief letter, meaning the OCR rule is not being enforced due to the inability of the industry to meet the stringent requirements of the CFTC regulations. That could change, and the problem needs to be addressed. Specifically, my amendment does three things. First, it increases the threshold from 50 to 300 contracts per day per commodity for those market participants that need to comply with this rule. This will exempt low-volume entities like grain elevators and small agricultural cooperatives from the re-porting requirements for large trading firms and major players in these mar-kets. Even with the new threshold es-tablished by my amendment, the CFTC will still gather ownership and control information on the major players and midsized traders. Second, my amendment removes a small but very burdensome portion of the long list of reporting requirements under the final OCR rule. My amend-ment removes the natural person con-troller requirements which require farmer cooperatives and grain ele-vators to report specifically personally identifiable information on individual employees. The CFTC has never re-quired such granular information for many of my constituent businesses, and such requirements are making Fu-tures Commission Merchants much less willing to work with small and me-dium-sized entities in the countryside. Even with the small changes made by my amendment, the CFTC will still be properly equipped to track ownership and account control data across the market. Finally, this amendment will require the CFTC to ensure that current regu-lations do not conflict with current foreign privacy laws. Having a large, open, liquid market is important to managing risk, and operating on an international basis is a valuable aspect of a commodity market. The CFTC should be responsible for dealing with other governments on privacy con-cerns. It is inappropriate to push that burden onto the firms and customers that it regulates. This amendment is supported by a wide range of industry and farmers groups, and I encourage my colleagues to support my amendment to provide relief from the regulatory burdens of this rule on small cooperatives, grain elevators, and farmers who are merely hedging their legitimate market risk and serving their customers’ interests. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, this amendment contains several troubling drafting—some people call them—er-rors or, I guess, questions. It prevents the CFTC from enforcing noncompli-ance with the final rule that includes more forms than were targeted. When we did our part of the Dodd- Frank bill, one of the things that I thought was really not controversial was that we were going to try to find out, once and for all, who owned all of these swaps; who was on what side of positions. This is what caused the prob-lem in the first place with the financial meltdown. When Lehman Brothers went down and we allowed them to go broke, it created this big panic, AIG didn’t know if they could cover their swaps or not, and it was going to un-ravel the whole situation because these firms that were trading didn’t know who held what and what was going on. That was the underlying problem. So what we were trying to do is get some understanding of where everybody was in this market. When we were doing the bill, we made it very clear, and I put in the legislation, that end users were not covered. That shouldn’t have been an issue. The problem with this amendment is it looks like it is going to include more than just that. So, I guess, again, this is a final example in this bill of a proc-ess moving too quickly and a lack of regular order. Finally, it contains a section on for-eign privacy laws that could result in the agencies seeing a reduced scope of market in their surveillance activities that may not be the intention. But, again, without the chance to consider this provision in regular order, we are not sure, and concerns that some peo-ple have remain unaddressed. So this could have been resolved during the process. It hasn’t been. In its present form, I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Chairman, I would remind our colleagues that this rule is right now under a no-action relief letter because it isn’t working, and that is what this amendment does is to fix this problem. So I believe this amendment is very important. It makes a few common-sense changes to the OCR rule that will provide regulatory relief to farmers, agricultural cooperatives, and grain elevators while allowing the CFTC to adequately regulate the futures indus-try. So, Mr. Chairman, I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 238) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, to better protect futures cus-tomers, to provide end-users with mar-ket certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and account-ability at the Commission, to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.052 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH428 January 12, 2017 
farmers, ranchers, and end-users man-age risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SEC REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to submit extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 78, to improve the consid-eration by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 40 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 78. The Chair appoints the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1415 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 78) to improve the consideration by the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders, with Mr. M
CCLINTOCK in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act. I thank the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for leading this ef-fort in the House. This bill is technically about some-thing called economic analysis or cost- benefit analysis. That may sound like Ph.D. economics, but it is really about kitchen table economics because, Mr. Chairman, it is truly about whether we are going to have a stronger economy— one that creates good-paying jobs so that parents can afford to raise their children today and these same children can have a brighter future tomorrow. It is about making sure we have an ac-countable government that expands personal opportunity, not government bureaucracy. Mr. Chairman, I think we all know that small businesses are truly Amer-ica’s job engine. They create nearly two-thirds of all new jobs in our econ-omy. Our economy works better for all when small businesses can focus on cre-ating jobs and on serving their cus-tomers rather than navigating needless government red tape. Unfortunately, for America’s small businesses, bureaucratic red tape has no better friend than the Obama ad-ministration. It has issued more than 4,400 final regulations, with an astro-nomical cost to all of us of $1 trillion. Just since the election on November 8, the Obama administration had cyni-cally issued 145 midnight regulations with a cost of more than $21 billion. For anyone who believes that this doesn’t hurt our small businesses, they need to listen to their constituents, be-cause I certainly listen to mine. I heard from a small business owner named Chris, who is back in my dis-trict and who wrote me: We have seen wave after wave of Federal regulations affect our ability to grow. The costs associated with additional reporting, auditing, and compliance are massive. The money spent is significant and costs jobs and potential jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, he is exactly right. The true cost of Washington red tape cannot just be measured in dollars. The true cost includes the jobs not created, the small businesses not started, and the dreams of our children not fulfilled. Ill-advised laws like the Dodd-Frank Act empower unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats to callously hand down crushing regulations without ade-quately considering what impact those regulations have on jobs. As one former SEC Commissioner testified before the Financial Services Committee, which I have the honor of chairing, these Washington elites have forgotten the key to sensible regula-tion: 
The most appropriate regulatory solution should be the one that imposes the least bur-den on society while maximizing potential benefits even if that means choosing not to regulate at all. 
Although the Securities and Ex-change Commission is one of the few Washington agencies that engages in at least some base level of economic anal-ysis, putting this requirement into law is definitely preferable to current agen-cy procedures. After all, the SEC’s re-cent interest in economic analysis came only on the heels of numerous Federal courts throwing out some of its regulations because the Commission failed to adequately take into account, again, the true costs and benefits of its rules. Passing this bill will erase any doubt that the Securities and Exchange Com-mission must conduct sound economic analysis. It must consider the impact of their rules on our jobs and our fam-ily budgets. That is what cost-benefit analysis is all about. Mr. Chairman, we may hear today from the usual suspects—the opponents of this bill—that somehow this is meant to hinder the rulemaking proc-ess and encourage litigation against the SEC. You will hear these same peo-ple say, once again, that this is some-how dangerous. Mr. Chairman, what is dangerous is being ignorant of the im-pact the proposed regulations will have on our economy and on the American people’s wallets before they get imple-mented. That is what is dangerous. What is interesting, Mr. Chairman, is that Presidents, frankly, of both par-ties seem to agree. Even Presidents Clinton and Obama directed inde-pendent agencies to engage in, essen-tially, exactly the same procedures that H.R. 78 would make into law. Such irony, Mr. Chairman, that some Demo-crats will come to the floor today and oppose codifying into law Clinton and Obama policy. Again, the irony of it all. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill because we must hold Washington accountable to the Amer-ican people. We must build a stronger, healthier economy so struggling Amer-icans can get back to work and achieve financial independence. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, just as I opposed the bill before us today in the previous three Congresses, I rise in opposition to it now. Republicans have crafted H.R. 78 to tie the hands of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the SEC, and to prevent it from issuing new rules to address market failures and protect investors. At the same time, the bill would enable the Trump ad-ministration to easily repeal important Dodd-Frank rules by tilting the SEC’s decisions toward what is best for indus-try and, worse, what enriches the President-elect and his cronies. Before I discuss H.R. 78, I think it is important to point out that 14 mem-bers of the Financial Services Com-mittee, as well as the millions of Americans they represent, are being denied the opportunity to discuss this bill through hearings and markups. We are barely into the second week of this Congress and the Republican leadership is completely ignoring regular order— despite Speaker R
YAN’s declaration less than a week ago of a return to reg-ular order—by skipping the committee process to bring this bill to the floor; but this is par for the course. In the other Chamber, Senate Repub-lican leadership is similarly jamming Donald Trump’s conflicted nominees through the confirmation process even before the FBI has completed back-ground checks. And with barely 10 days until his inauguration, Donald Trump has already given up on ‘‘draining the swamp’’ and has broken his promise to hold Wall Street accountable by nomi-nating Wall Street insiders to nearly every key economic and regulatory post. Let me turn back to the problems with H.R. 78. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.055 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H429 January 12, 2017 
During the past four Congresses, Re-publicans have sought to increase the cost-benefit requirements that are re-lated to SEC rulemakings even though the Commission is already subject to stringent economic analysis for which it is held accountable. Current law re-quires the SEC to conduct the same economic analysis that is required of all agencies under the Paperwork Re-duction Act, the Congressional Review Act, and the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Unlike other financial regulators, the SEC has additional statutory re-quirements to study how its rules af-fect market efficiency, competition, and capital formation. Additionally, in 2012, the SEC volun-tarily issued internal guidance on eco-nomic analysis for rulemakings that closely follow Executive Order No. 12866. Since adopting this guidance, the SEC has dramatically expanded its eco-nomic analysis capabilities, including by increasing the staff and the budget of its economics division by more than 300 percent over the last 5 years. In any other reality, the SEC would be held up as a model of effective economic anal-ysis. When asked by Republicans in Con-gress to review the SEC’s analysis, the inspector general concluded: 
We determined that the SEC’s use of its current guidance has been effective in incor-porating economic analysis into the rule-making process. 
H.R. 78, however, goes much, much further in radically directing the SEC to no longer be concerned with the pro-tection of investors. In fact, the only reference to investors anywhere in the bill is in a provision requiring the SEC to consider the impact these rules will have on ‘‘investor choice.’’ The American public knows full well that ‘‘investor choice’’ is a code for in-dustry’s wanting to offer a menu of predatory products, such as subprime— toxic—mortgages or retirement prod-ucts that are designed to bankrupt low- and middle-income Americans and line the pockets of Wall Street executives. Further suggestions that the bill is only codifying the cost-benefit execu-tive orders are false as the bill omits one key provision from those orders: the prohibition of private rights of ac-tion, which is simply the right to sue. As a result, H.R. 78 provides industry with endless avenues to sue the SEC and, thereby, puts pressure on the reg-ulator to adopt the rules it wants and to repeal everything else. What is worse, the bill is the first signal to Wall Street that the SEC is leaving the enforcement business. H.R. 78 provides no new funding for the SEC to address the substantial, analytic, and potential litigation responsibilities the bill would create even though the Congres-sional Budget Office estimates that the analytical workload alone would cost $27 million. Let’s not fool ourselves that Repub-licans are going to increase the SEC’s funding. That is at the top of their agenda—kill the SEC by taking away the funding that they need to be the cops on the block. Members of Congress just finished de-bating a bill that caps the SEC’s sister agency, the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, at a woefully inad-equate funding level for the next 5 years, denying the CFTC the hundreds of millions of dollars it needs to ade-quately police the swaps markets. Further, Donald Trump has nomi-nated a lifelong defender of Wall Street’s to lead the SEC, which I can only assume means that Trump’s SEC will equally pillage the Commission’s overworked enforcement staff to help pay for the Republicans’ planned repeal of Dodd-Frank. b1430 As President-elect Trump takes of-fice next week, beginning what is the most conflicted administration in U.S. history, I urge my colleagues to join me, investor and consumer advocates, public pension plans, civil rights groups, labor unions, and supporters of financial reform in opposing H.R. 78 to ensure that the actions of Trump’s SEC are in the interest of America’s eco-nomic stability and not in Russia’s or Wall Street’s interests. I am amazed that the Republicans can be so blatant, so noncaring to come to us at this time with a bill that would basically take our cop on the block, the SEC, and literally obliterate it. I am absolutely amazed that they have the nerve and the gall to try this in face of everything that we already know about what they have done to strip it of its appropriate funding. But now with all of the debate and the con-cern about Trump and Russia and ev-erything that is going on, they would come here with this bill today and try to pull this off. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased now to yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), the author of the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act and the chairman of our Oversight and Inves-tigations Subcommittee. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING , the gentleman from Texas, for his leadership on this issue and on so many regulatory re-form issues that we will be addressing this week and in the future. Mr. Chair, I am proud to sponsor and bring to the floor H.R. 78, the SEC Reg-ulatory Accountability Act. This legis-lation fits perfectly with the theme of the week here in the House to advance key regulatory reform ideas as a change of pace from the outgoing ad-ministration. For the past 8 years, the amount of regulatory burden that has been placed on Americans and small businesses has been crushing. In 2015, Federal regula-tion cost almost $1.9 trillion. That is nearly $15,000 per household in a hidden compliance tax. The Obama administration issued over 600 economically significant rules, which are those that have an economic impact of over $100 million. As a result of this wave of regulations, we have been part of the slowest economic re-covery in our lifetimes. We now have an opportunity to enact policy that ensures smart regulation going forward so that we are doing things in the best and most efficient way. The people have spoken, Mr. Chair. Business as usual in Washington is over and it is time to do things dif-ferently. There is, indeed, a better way. This legislation is really about what everyday Americans do when they are making major life decisions in weigh-ing the costs and the benefits, the pros and the cons. Whether it is buying a car, buying a home, deciding whether to take out a loan to go to school, ev-eryone must consider the core eco-nomic factors when making important life decisions. The SEC Regulatory Accountability Act places statutory requirements on the SEC when issuing rulemaking that ensures that, first, they identify the problem that regulation is trying to address; second, they weigh the cost and benefits to ensure that the benefits justify costs of compliance; and third-ly, they identify and assess whether there are any available alternatives to rulemaking. Additionally, this bill contains a pro-vision that requires the SEC to review its existing regulations every 5 years, at the minimum, to determine whether any such regulations are outdated, in-effective, or excessively burdensome, as well as requiring the SEC to modify, streamline, repeal, or even to expand regulations based on that review. As a regulator of our capital mar-kets, the SEC has an immeasurable in-fluence on our economy and the ability of small business and entrepreneurs to be able to access capital in order to in-novate, grow, and most of all, create jobs. I strongly believe that this legisla-tion is nonpartisan and common sense and what our government regulators should have been doing in the first place. The American people deserve a break from the irresponsible regulation they have grown accustom to over the past 8 years. There is a better way. I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense piece of legislation and urge passage of it through the House. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ), a new member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I support the regular review of regulations to ensure that they are still relevant to our ever-changing economy. Unfortunately, the retrospective re-view requirement in H.R. 78 is counter-productive and places heavy adminis-trative burdens on the Securities and Exchange Commission, an already overburdened and underfunded regu-lator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.057 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH430 January 12, 2017 
Specifically, it required the Commis-sion to review all of its rules within 1 year of an enactment, and to con-stantly review its rules every 5 years thereafter, regardless of whether there is any cause for concern with a par-ticular regulation. I find this appalling. That means the Commission will have to go back to 1934 and review every single rule, even ones industry likes and rules that have made our cap-ital markets the envy of the world. Today the SEC has a number of for-mal and informal processes for intel-ligently identifying rules for review. For example, the Regulatory Flexi-bility Act requires the SEC to conduct a 10-year retrospective rule review, and the Paperwork Reduction Act requires periodic reviews of information collec-tion burdens. Under the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the SEC publishes a plan to look at rules that have a significant eco-nomic impact on smaller businesses, inviting public comment on the rules, including how it could be amended to reduce the impact of many small busi-nesses within my district and certainly around the country. In addition, the SEC has been con-ducting several broad-based reviews of rules on its own accord related to issuer disclosure, equity market struc-ture, and even the definition of what an accredited investor is. As an already cash-strapped agency, the SEC, tasked with such an onerous retrospective rule review required by H.R. 78, would be forced to divert al-ready scarce resources from other im-portant tasks, including policing the markets for fraud and stopping bad ac-tors before they can drain the life sav-ings of investors and many retirees in my district and around the country. This is our seniors we are talking about. Looking at the bill as a whole, it ap-pears that this is the point of the legis-lation: rather than have the SEC focus on its mission to protect investors and support many small businesses, H.R. 78 focuses on the burdens of the financial industry and repealing those rules. I oppose this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the chair-man of our Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act, which would improve and strengthen the SEC’s rulemaking process by requiring more rigorous economic analysis. What exactly does that mean? Well, an economic analysis is quite simple, frankly. It is a systemic ap-proach to determine the optimum use of scarce resources involving compari-son of two or more alternatives to achieve a specific objective under the given assumptions and constraints. That is a whole lot of words and jumbo. But what we need to do is make a com-parison, what is going to be the ben-efit. Economic analysis takes into ac-count the opportunity costs of re-sources employed and attempts to measure, in monetary terms, the pri-vate and social costs and benefits of a project to a community, an economy, or to an individual. In its simplest terms, the SEC would have to determine the costs and bene-fits of proposed regulations, as well as potential alternatives to determine a best direction forward, basically ensur-ing that the SEC is thoroughly assess-ing both the need for the regulation and adequately evaluating the poten-tial consequences, both intended and unintended, and is there a benefit. Mr. Chairman, requiring economic analysis by Federal regulators is not a partisan issue. In fact, both President Clinton and President Obama issued executive orders requiring regulators to ensure that their rules were maxi-mizing and achieving a net benefit. H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Ac-countability Act, would ensure con-sistent and effective application of the SEC’s economic analysis guidance by building on the bipartisan effort to strengthen economic analysis require-ments, as well as require a retrospec-tive review of existing regulations for independent agencies like the SEC. Specifically, the bill would enhance the SEC’s existing economic analysis requirements by requiring the Commis-sion to first clearly identify the nature of the problem that would be addressed before issuing a new regulation—too often, we are just shooting at a target that we don’t even know is actually a target—and to prohibit the SEC from issuing a rule when it cannot make ‘‘a reasoned determination that the bene-fits of the intended regulation justify the costs of the regulation.’’ Additionally, H.R. 78 would require the SEC to assess the costs and the benefits of available regulatory alter-natives, including the alternative of not issuing a regulation, and choose the approach that would maximize the net benefit. The SEC must also evalu-ate whether a proposed regulation is inconsistent or incompatible or dupli-cative of other Federal regulations. In testimony before the Sub-committee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises last year, former SEC Commissioner Dan Gallagher noted that the SEC Reg-ulatory Accountability Act would ‘‘promote and improve economic anal-ysis at the SEC and make the agency even more accountable to the investing public.’’ He further testified that this bill ‘‘will help ensure the economic analysis conducted by economists is firmly entrenched in every rulemaking the SEC conducts under the Federal se-curities laws.’’ The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, I com-mend the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for introducing this im-portant piece of legislation, which will equip the SEC with the necessary tools to ensure that all future SEC regula-tions will meet these standards with the ultimate goal of achieving the SEC’s statutory mission of protecting investors and facilitating capital for-mation. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me point out how H.R. 78 tilts their decisionmaking process toward Wall Street. First, let’s go back and re-view everything the President-elect said about Wall Street, and then we can understand exactly what is being done here. In August 2015, President-elect Trump told CBS: ‘‘The hedge fund guys didn’t build this country. These are guys that shift paper around and they get lucky. They make a fortune. They pay no tax. It’s ridiculous, okay?’’ In January 2016, Trump told Iowans: ‘‘I’m not going to let Wall Street get away with murder. Wall Street has caused tremendous problems for us.’’ I repeat, he said: ‘‘Wall Street has caused tremendous problems for us.’’ In February of 2016, Trump said: ‘‘I know the guys at Goldman Sachs, they have total control over Hillary Clin-ton.’’ In July of 2016, Trump tweeted: ‘‘Hil-lary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street.’’ He also told Iowans: ‘‘I don’t care about the Wall Street guys. I’m not taking any of their money.’’ Now, Trump has totally betrayed his promise to drain the swamp. He has ap-pointed Goldman Sachs bankers to the Treasury and the National Economic Council, and his pick to head the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission is a lawyer whose career has been based upon defending Wall Street, including Goldman Sachs. This legislation today is part and parcel to that betrayal. This is how you do it: cost-benefit analysis, you can attach this to any and all monetary and financial services legislation. You can attach it wherever you would like and, thus, cause the delays, cause the undermining of legis-lation, put the SEC in the position where it has to defend in court, costing them more money that they don’t have because they have denied them ade-quate funding. b1445 This is what this is all about. How do we get our Wall Street friends and cro-nies back into the business, because Dodd-Frank began to deal with them and to reverse some of what had been happening for far too long. Now they come with this attack and they talk about cost-benefit analysis. Mr. Chair-man, this is what they are going to use to ride their way back into making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.058 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H431 January 12, 2017 
sure that they give the protection and the advantages to all of their friends on Wall Street. Mr. Trump was not about draining the swamp. He is about making sure that there is a swamp, digging it deep-er and wider. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, de-spite the personal attacks happening on the floor here, I am glad to see that we are making real progress. Appar-ently, we are making an impact here. With that, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act. If passed, the SEC would be required to follow President Obama’s executive order that requires a thorough cost- benefit analysis of new rules and a comprehensive review of existing regu-lations. Under current law, the SEC must consider the effect of its rules on ‘‘efficiency, competition, and capital formation,’’ and weighing costs and benefits is necessary to meet this re-quirement. Cost-benefit analysis is not a new idea. Agencies have done this kind of analysis for over 30 years. In fact, it is a bipartisan idea. In 1981, President Reagan issued an executive order re-quiring Cabinet-level agencies to en-gage in cost-benefit analysis, which President Clinton expanded with an-other executive order in 1993. Unfortunately, independent agencies are not subject to executive orders and those regulated by the SEC have suf-fered as a result. From 2005 to 2012, SEC regulations were overturned con-sistently by the courts for inadequate economic analysis and unjustified costs. While the SEC has taken steps to improve its rulemaking process, H.R. 78 will ensure that future rules maxi-mize economic benefit and companies do not face unnecessary hurdles when they access our capital markets. Demo-crats and Republicans often do not agree on policy, but I hope we can agree on the need for a fair, trans-parent, and informed process. I thank my distinguished colleague for introducing this vital legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gen-tlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Ac-countability Act. This bill would re-quire the SEC to do an absurd amount of time-consuming, duplicative cost- benefit analysis before they can even propose a rule. This is the fourth time, Mr. Chairman, that we are voting on this partisan bill because the previous three times the bill has been rejected by the Senate and President Obama has strongly opposed it. But let’s be clear about what this bill is not about. It is not about ensuring that the SEC conducts a cost-benefit analysis on the rules. If that were the case, then no legislation would be nec-essary. The SEC is already required to conduct a cost-benefit analysis and has already adopted internal guidance on economic analysis that mirrors the exact requirements of this bill before us today. So the problem is not that the SEC doesn’t currently conduct cost-benefit analyses or that it does it poorly; the real goal of this bill is sim-ply to give the industry more chances to sue the SEC on cost-benefit grounds when it issues rules the industry does not like. That is essentially the only thing that would change if this bill were signed into law. The SEC’s cost-benefit analysis would be the same, but the industry would have more opportunities to sue the SEC over alleged flaws in the cost- benefit analysis. And the threat of a lawsuit would force the SEC to divert even more of its scarce resources to cost-benefit analysis, which would delay the key reforms and undermine the SEC’s ability to protect investors— their core mission. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill, as they have in three previous votes before this body. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), the whip of our Financial Services Committee. Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding me the time. Today I rise in support of H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act. One can cut the hyperbole on the other side of the aisle with a knife today because we are not here talking about gutting enforcement. We are not here talking about exceptionally bene-fiting Wall Street operators. What we are talking about is enhancing the SEC’s cost-benefit process. The Commission has made many positive strides toward its economic analysis in the past few years. This bill will enhance their efforts at ranking and providing resources to the rules that will in fact provide investor pro-tection and provide efficient, competi-tive U.S. markets. Too many of their resources have been deviated on wild goose hunts related to the Dodd-Frank mandates. During this same time, we have expe-rienced a sharp decline in initial public offerings and public companies gen-erally. Largely, in my view, that is as a result of the regulatory burden and the costs associated with being a public company. This should be a concern to every Member of this body. This bill would make the SEC’s rule-making process more accountable by enhancing its cost-benefit analysis re-quirements and would require the Com-mission to revisit its rules after imple-mentation to ensure they are actually achieving their intended purposes. This bill does away with the notion that congressional mandates are ex-empt from cost-benefit analysis and re-quires the Commission to evaluate these rules as well—a good thing; Con-gress doesn’t always get it right—in addition to identifying alternatives which might even include no rule at all, in short, using common sense. Requiring this sort of more robust economic analysis will also help the SEC set priorities. Chair White testi-fied before our committee in the past Congress that they have 50 front burn-ers. They can’t decide what their most important agenda item is. Let’s fix it, Mr. Chairman, by passing this bill. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HUIZENGA. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HILL. This bill will focus atten-tion where attention is needed to ben-efit investors, our capital markets, and the economy the most. H.R. 78, along with the HALOS Act that we passed in the House on Tuesday, will help ensure that the SEC regulations do not unnec-essarily impede consumer and business access to capital. I thank the chairman for the time. I appreciate Mrs. WAGNER for her work on this bill. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I enter into the R
ECORD the following letters of opposi-tion to H.R. 78 signed by the Consumer Federation of America, Americans for Financial Reform, the California State Teachers’ Retirement System, and the Council of Institutional Investors. These institutions represent various groups such as investors, consumers, public pension plans, labor unions, and communities of color. 
CONSUMER FEDERATION  
OFAMERICA , January 10, 2017. V
OTENO ONH.R. 78, THE‘‘SEC R EGULATORY  A
CCOUNTABILITY ACT’’—B ILLWOULD PARA-
LYZE THE AGENCY ’SABILITY TO PROTECT IN-
VESTORS AND PROMOTE MARKET INTEGRITY  D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : This week the House is expected to vote on H.R. 78, the ‘‘SEC Regulatory Accountability Act.’’ The bill imposes burdensome new rulemaking re-quirements that would prevent the agency from responding in a timely manner either to emerging threats in the marketplace or to industry requests for guidance or legal inter-pretations. As such, it threatens to under-mine the stability and integrity essential to healthy capital markets, with harmful con-sequences for investors, capital formation, and the overall economy. I am writing on be-half of the Consumer Federation of America to urge you to vote no when the bill is brought to the floor for a vote. The bill is being promoted as a measure to enhance cost-benefit analysis at the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission (SEC). And, in that regard, certain of the bill’s require-ments are relatively benign, such as the re-quirements that the agency discuss the na-ture and scope of the problem it is intending to solve when it engages in rulemaking, carefully analyze available alternatives, and consider the costs of the various alternatives as well as their relative effectiveness in de-termining on a course of action. But these are things the SEC already does, having learned the painful lesson that failure to do so can result in its rules’ being overturned in court. Indeed, both the Government Ac-countability Office and the SEC’s Office of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.060 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH432 January 12, 2017 
the Inspector General have in recent years praised the agency for the extent and quality of its cost-benefit analysis. Other of the bill’s provisions are far more harmful. The following are among the most serious problems with this legislation: It requires the agency to adopt, not the most cost-effective regulatory approach, but the least burdensome approach. As such, it prioritizes minimizing regulatory costs over promoting regulatory effectiveness. The bill requires the agency to consider a number of specific factors in assessing regu-lations, including their effect on efficiency, competition, and capital formation as well as investor choice, market liquidity, and small business. Not included are any specific requirement to assess their impact on inves-tor protection or market integrity, stability, and transparency. If the Conunission fails to address concerns raised by ‘‘industry groups’’ related to costs and benefits, it must explain its reasons. There is no comparable requirement to ex-plain any decision not to address investor concerns. It imposes these burdensome new require-ments, not just on regulations, but also on agency orders, interpretations, and other statements of general applicability ‘‘that the agency intends to have the force and effect of law.’’ Firms seeking a timely response from the agency staff on issues important to their business are likely to face significant delays if the legislation is enacted. It requires the agency to engage in a con-stant retrospective review of all its regula-tions every five years, regardless of whether there is any cause for concern with a par-ticular regulation. Since the bill doesn’t in-clude any new funding authorization to pro-vide for this review, and Congress has been highly reluctant to provide funding increases commensurate with the agency’s workload, the inevitable result is that the agency will be forced to take resources away from other more important regulatory priorities to fund this generally meaningless exercise. While a reasonable and balanced analysis of costs and benefits can promote effective rulemaking, this legislation goes far beyond what is reasonable or balanced. It would tie the SEC in procedural knots, keep its focus on an endless review of existing rules rather than emerging issues, provide endless grounds for legal challenge, causing a serious drain on agency resources, and undermine the agency’s focus on its central mission of protecting investors and promoting market integrity and stability. Indeed, the bill would exacerbate rather than ameliorate the most serious short-comings in the agency’s current regulatory process—its inability to complete rulemakings regarding pressing issues in a timely manner. For these reasons, we urge you to vote ‘‘No’’ when H.R. 78, the ‘‘SEC Regulatory Ac-countability Act,’’ is brought to the floor for a vote. The only ‘‘accountability’’ this legis-lation promotes, is the SEC’s accountability to the firms it is supposed to regulate rather than the investors it is supposed to protect. Respectfully submitted, B
ARBARA ROPER , Director of Investor Protection. 
AFR A MERICANS FOR  F
INANCIAL REFORM , Washington, DC, January 12, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ameri-cans for Financial Reform, we are writing to express our opposition to HR 78, the ‘‘SEC Regulatory Accountability Act’’t6espite the fact that the Securities and Exchange Com-mission (SEC) is already subject to more stringent economic analysis requirements than any other Federal financial regulator, and has greatly increased its investment in economic analysis in recent years, this legis-lation would impose a host of unworkable bureaucratic and administrative require-ments on the agency. While they are justi-fied using the rhetoric of ‘‘cost benefit anal-ysis’’, these requirements appear designed not to improve SEC economic analysis but instead to make create major new barriers to effective agency action. The most prominent new requirement would mandate that the SEC identify every ‘‘available alternative’’ to a proposed regula-tion or agency action and quantitatively measure the costs and benefits of each such alternative prior to taking action. Since there are always numerous possible alter-natives to any course of action, this require-ment alone could force the agency to com-plete dozens of additional analyses before passing a rule or guidance. Placing this man-date in statute will also provide near-infinite opportunities for Wall Street lawsuits aimed at halting or reversing SEC actions, and would be a gift to litigators who work on such anti-government lawsuits. No matter how much effort the SEC devotes to justi-fying its actions, the question of whether the agency has identified all possible alter-natives to a chosen action, and has properly measured the costs and benefits of each such alternative, will always remain open to de-bate. Like other agencies, the SEC is already re-quired to conduct economic analyses under the Paperwork Reduction Act, the Congres-sional Review Act, and the Regulatory Flexi-bility Act. Unlike all other financial regu-lators, the SEC also has additional statutory requirements to examine how each rules af-fect market efficiency, competition, and cap-ital formation. The SEC has also issued bind-ing internal guidance on economic analysis for rulemakings that closely follows Execu-tive Order 12866 and OMB Circular A–4, and has more than tripled its spending on eco-nomic and risk analysis since 2012. Despite these already existing commit-ments to economic analysis, this proposal would load the agency with a crushing bur-den of additional administrative burdens under the rubric of ‘‘cost-benefit analysis’’. In addition to the enormous task of identi-fying and analyzing every available alter-native to a course of action, the agency would be required to perform half a dozen new analyses in addition to its current re-quirements concerning market efficiency, competition, and capital formation. These new requirements include analyses of effects on small business, market liquidity, state and local government, investor choice, and ‘‘market participants’’. Notably, no new re-quirements concerning the protection of in-vestors or preventing another financial crash are included. This legislation also requires the SEC to review every single regulation in effect with-in one year after the passage of this Act, and again every five years thereafter, with an eye to weakening or eliminating such regu-lations. This will be an enormous drain on SEC resources and a distraction from ad-dressing emerging issues in our ever more complex financial markets. This legislation is transparently an effort to paralyze the SEC and to empower Wall Street lawyers to overturn its decisions, not to improve its analysis or decision making. We urge you to reject it. Thank you for your consideration. For more information please contact AFR’s Pol-icy Director, Marcus Stanley. Sincerely, A
MERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM . CALIFORNIA STATE TEACHERS ’ R
ETIREMENT SYSTEM , January 10, 2017. Re H.R. 78—SEC Regulatory Accountability Act. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, House Committee on Financial Serv-ices, Washington, DC. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, House Committee on Finan-cial Services, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING  M
EMBER WATERS : I am writing on behalf of the California State Teachers’ Retirement System (CalSTRS) to express our concerns regarding the SEC Regulatory Account-ability Act—H.R. 78. CalSTRS’ mission is to secure the financial future and sustain the trust of California’s educators. We serve the investment and re-tirement interests of more than 914,000 plan participants. CalSTRS is the largest educa-tor only pension fund in the world, with a global investment portfolio valued at ap-proximately $193 billion as of November 30, 2016. We have a vested interest in ensuring shareholder protections are safeguarded within the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) rules and regulations, and thereby are keenly interested in the rules and regulations that govern the securi-ties market. CalSTRS fully supports the mission of the SEC, which is to protect in-vestors, maintain fair, orderly and efficient markets, promote competition and facilitate capital formation. As a long-term shareholder, and fiduciary to California’s teachers, we believe it is vital to avoid unnecessary regulatory costs that could obstruct the efficiency of the capital markets and the economy. CalSTRS relies heavily on the SEC shareholder protections in allocating capital on behalf of California teachers. However, CalSTRS is unclear on how the provisions of H.R. 78 would improve the cost-effectiveness of the SEC rulemaking process with the addition of these cum-bersome, unnecessary and seemingly dupli-cative steps. As you know the Office of In-spector General, Office of Audits (OIG) issued a report, Use of the Current Guidance on Economic Analysis in SEC Rulemakings, which provided six recommendations to strengthen the SEC’s economic analysis process. The report by the OIG found in its sample review that the SEC ‘‘followed the spirit and intent of the Current Guidance as well as . . . justification for the rule, consid-ered alternatives and integrated the eco-nomic analysis into the rulemaking proc-ess.’’ The proposed ‘‘SEC Regulatory Ac-countability Act’’ requires the SEC to ad-dress any industry’s or consumer group’s concerns on the potential costs or benefits in its final rule, including an explanation of any changes that were made in response to these concerns and if not incorporated, rea-sons why. Since this report, the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis (DERA) at the SEC has devoted considerable resources to integrate the six recommendations, having already ad-dressed what is being proposed in the ‘‘SEC Regulatory Accountability Act.’’ We fully endorse the SEC’s current process, which en-sures a robust cost benefit analysis in rulemakings. The SEC, DERA and Office of the General Counsel are highly committed to a cost effective rulemaking process as evi-denced by the current diligent economic analysis in the SEC proposed and final rulemakings. The proposed amendments to Section 23 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 through H.R. 78 are unnecessary as DERA currently fulfills the actions outlined in this bill. We believe H.R. 78 is redundant and unneeded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.026 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H433 January 12, 2017 
with the steps already taken by the SEC in their economic analysis processes. Also alarming is that H.R. 78 is being brought di-rectly to the House Floor for action without any consideration or vetting by the Com-mittee on Financial Services. CalSTRS does not support circumventing the vetting proc-ess with an immediate vote, bypassing com-prehensive safeguards. If this this bill is pushed through an immediate vote, we are concerned important rulemakings to en-hance investor protection will cease at the SEC, thereby impacting shareholder protec-tions and the mission of the SEC. We respectfully ask that our views be en-tered into the record. We would be happy to discuss our perspective on this issue with you or your staff at your convenience. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, J
ACKEHNES , Chief Executive Officer. 
COUNCIL OF INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS , January 11, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : I am writing on behalf of the Council of Institutional Investors (CII). CII is a non-profit, nonpartisan association of public, cor-porate and union employee benefit funds, and other employee benefit plans, founda-tions and endowments with combined assets under management exceeding $3 trillion. Our member funds include major long-term shareowners with a duty to protect the re-tirement savings of millions of workers and their families. Our associate members in-clude a range of asset managers with more than $20 trillion in assets under manage-ment. The purpose of this letter is to express our opposition to H.R. 78, which we understand is likely to be considered on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives (House). As an association of long-term shareowners interested in maximizing long- term share value, CII believes it is ‘‘vital to avoid unnecessary regulatory costs.’’ How-ever, it is not clear to us how the provisions of H.R. 78 would improve the cost-effective-ness of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC or Commission) existing thorough rulemaking process or somehow benefit long-term investors, the capital mar-kets or the overall economy. 
SEC’S EXISTING ECONOMIC ANALYSIS IS  
EXTENSIVE  The Commission’s rulemaking process is already governed by a number of legal re-quirements, including those under the fed-eral securities laws, the Administrative Pro-cedure Act, the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980, the Small Business Regulatory Enforce-ment Fairness Act of 1996 and the Regu-latory Flexibility Act. Moreover, under the federal securities laws, the SEC is generally required to consider whether its rulemakings are in the public interest and will protect in-vestors and promote efficiency, competition and capital formation. Since the 1980s, the Commission has con-ducted, to the extent possible, an analysis of the costs and benefits of its proposed rules. The SEC has further enhanced the economic analysis of its rulemaking process in recent years. That process is far more extensive than that of any other federal financial regu-lator. 
H.R. 78 WOULD UNNECESSARILY IMPEDE THE SEC  
FROM PROTECTING INVESTORS  The provisions of H.R. 78 create a false and misleading expectation that the SEC can reasonably measure, combine and compare the balance of all costs and benefits of its proposals consistent with its mandate to protect investors. As explained by Professor Craig M. Lewis, former chief economist and director of the SEC’s Division of Economic and Risk Analysis: ‘‘[W]ith regard to inves-tor protection, the Commission is often un-able to reasonably quantify the related bene-fits or costs.’’ H.R. 78, if adopted, would impose upon the SEC a costly, time consuming and incom-plete analysis in which the Commission would be hard pressed to determine that the benefits of a proposal or rule ‘‘justify the costs of the regulation.’’ As a result, we be-lieve the provisions of H.R. 78 would unnec-essarily impede the ability of the SEC to issue proposals in furtherance of its mission to protect investors—the element of its mis-sion that, in our view, is most critical to maintaining and enhancing a fair and effi-cient capital market system consistent with economic growth. H.R. 78 SHOULD BE SUBJECT TO A PUBLIC  
HEARING  Finally, as indicated, it is not clear to us how the provisions of H.R. 78 would improve the cost-effectiveness of SEC rulemaking or benefit long-term investors, the capital mar-kets or the overall economy. Moreover, we believe it is unlikely that the House could demonstrate that the benefits to investors of H.R. 78 justify the costs of implementing the bill. In that regard, perhaps before the House votes on H.R. 78, the committee of jurisdic-tion; the House Committee on Financial Services (including its fourteen new mem-bers) should conduct a public hearing on the bill. The hearing might include testimony from the SEC, investors, and other knowl-edgeable market participants about, among other issues, the potential costs and benefits of the proposed legislation. We would respectfully request that you op-pose the passage of H.R. 78. Thank you for consideration of our views. If we can answer any questions or provide additional information on this important matter, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, J
EFFMAHONEY , General Counsel. 
BETTER MARKETS  
FACT SHEET ON H .R. 78, THE SEC REGULATORY  
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT  H.R. 78 amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and requires the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to follow bur-densome new procedures before it issues any new rules. The SEC is the federal agency responsible for protecting investors and markets by reg-ulating securities professionals and much of the financial industry, including most of the activities on Wall Street. H.R. 78 would im-pose significant new and onerous require-ments on the SEC, which would make it much more difficult to effectively regulate Wall Street and protect investors and our markets. Specifically, H.R. 78 requires the SEC to undertake extensive cost-benefit analyses of every proposed rule, and requires the SEC, before even proposing a new regulation, to first identify every ‘‘available alternative’’— an impossible standard to meet—and to then explain why each of those alternatives was insufficient. Not only would this bog down the agency with endless analysis of all possi-bilities, but it would also result in endless litigation as industry participants sue to overturn rules they don’t like; industry would only have to assert that the SEC hadn’t considered some alleged ‘‘available al-ternative’’ for the rule to be thrown out. This would effectively paralyze the SEC from issuing any new rules, leaving inves-tors, customers and our markets unpro-tected. Not just new regulations would be im-pacted; long-established, decades-old rules that have kept the markets operating effec-tively for years would also be in jeopardy. H.R. 78 requires the SEC to review every reg-ulation on its books within one year, and re-peat the exercise every five years. Because H.R. 78 does not provide additional funding for the SEC, it is inevitable that these re-quirements would overwhelm the agency, which would have to divert its already lim-ited resources away from policing Wall Street to endlessly reviewing rules. Although H.R. 78 requires the SEC to con-sider a rule’s impact on the financial indus-try, there is no such requirement for the SEC to consider its benefits to the public. H.R. 78 does not explain why the SEC should weigh a rule’s costs to the industry more than it weighs its benefits to the American taxpayer. Importantly, the SEC already does exten-sive economic analyses of its rules. Former SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro testified be-fore Congress that ‘‘The SEC’s substantive rule releases include more extensive eco-nomic analysis than those of any other fed-eral financial regulator.’’ Independent re-views by the Government Accountability Of-fice and the SEC’s Inspector General con-cluded the SEC’s economic analyses were of a high standard and appropriately ‘‘reflected statutory requirements to consider certain types of benefits and costs.’’ As noted by the Council of Institutional Investors, requiring SEC to do cost-benefit analyses like those proposed in H.R. 78 would ‘‘undermine effective investor safeguards’’ and ‘‘paralyze the [SEC’s] regulatory activi-ties.’’ Former SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt said these efforts were attempts by Congress to ‘‘emasculate’’ independent agencies like the SEC ‘‘under the false guise of moderniza-tion.’’ In an article entitled ‘‘The Trojan Horse of Cost Benefit Analysis,’’ John Kemp, a market analyst at Reuters, said bills like H.R. 78 ‘‘are not really about cost benefit analysis at all. . . . The standard they seek to enforce would be impossible to meet.’’ 115th Congress —January 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. Al GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I am absolutely amazed this legisla-tion has progressed to this point. This is not a panacea. This is not legislation that will prevent some harm being done to mom-and-pops. This is about Wall Street. This is about multi-million-dollar corporations. It is not unusual here for those who would ben-efit from the use of those who live on Main Street, they would benefit from it by saying that the bill is for Main Street when in fact it is for Wall Street. This bill should properly be labeled the bill that the SEC rulings would come under stagnation, litigation, and decimation as a result of, because the way the bill is worded, there will be much litigation, and that litigation will tie the SEC up in court for many years. That will create the stagnation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.028 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH434 January 12, 2017 
which will cause the SEC to be ineffec-tive; and, as a result, the SEC, in terms of its rulemaking, will be decimated. Let’s talk for a moment about a cost- benefit analysis. That is a very simple formula that can be used if you want to refinance your home and you want to get a different interest rate over a dif-ferent period of time. All of the num-bers associated with it are quantifi-able. But if you want to do cost-benefit analysis in terms of fraud prevention, the prevention of fraud is not quantifi-able; it is not knowable. Bernie Madoff made off with approxi-mately $64 billion, and in so doing, he perpetrated one of the biggest frauds ever perpetrated on the United States of America, the American people. If we had a regulation in place to prevent that fraud that Bernie Madoff per-petrated, there would be no way of knowing that he would have per-petrated the $64 billion fraud. You can’t quantify legislation that prevents the fraud. If we had legislation in place to pre-vent the downturn in 2008, that would have prevented the 327s, the 228s, the teaser rates that coincided with pre-payment penalties, the no-doc loans. If we had regulations in place to prevent it, then we would never have known the harm it would have caused the economy. That is what this bill will do. It will put the SEC in a position such that it cannot produce the rules to prevent the fraud that we can never measure. It is not knowable how much fraud will be prevented by the rules that the SEC promotes and produces. This legislation also does not allow the SEC to move at the speed of inno-vation. Innovation moves quickly. The SEC has to be able to produce rules to match the speed of innovation. This is why it was difficult to do something about what was happening to the econ-omy leading up to 2008. We didn’t have the speed necessary, and now we are going to put a further burden on the SEC such that the SEC won’t be able to respond to these new products that are coming on the market. And make no mistake, they will come on the mar-ket. The stock market crash of 1929 was something that rules and regulations could have prevented. They were not there. They put them in place. Glass- Steagall was one of them. It took 66 years, but they got Glass-Steagall. I don’t know how long it is going to take them, but they intend to get Dodd- Frank. This is the first step in the di-rection of making Dodd-Frank impo-tent. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, at this time I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), the vice chairman of the Capital Mar-kets Subcommittee. b1500 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in support of the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act. I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for championing this important legislation. Those of us who were in Congress last year will remember the leadership of Scott Garrett in ensuring our financial regulators, especially the SEC, make use of robust cost-benefit analysis while imposing rules on businesses and the American people. That is why this bill was reported from the Financial Services Committee with bipartisan support in the 114th Congress and has consistently received votes from both sides of the aisle in the past. Policymaking can be tough. There are always dozens of pros and cons that need to be considered. Every good idea, even those with the best of intentions, likely have minor drawbacks. However, the idea of ensuring benefits exceed the costs should not be a partisan one. We are simply saying that our govern-ment’s policies should do more good than harm. You might be surprised to hear that the SEC’s Inspector General has issued a report expressing several concerns about the quality of the SEC’s eco-nomic analysis. It found none of the rulemaking it examined attempted to quantify either benefits or costs other than information collection costs. However, our job creators and inves-tors know the scope of the potential cost is far broader than this. That is exactly what the SEC Regu-latory Accountability Act does. It strengthens the cost-benefit analysis at a key regulator overseeing our fi-nancial markets. While the SEC has some existing cost-benefit-related policies put forth by its staff, this bill would strengthen those requirements and ensure that they are codified so that we can be cer-tain that future generations benefit from prudent rulemaking. It would also subject the SEC to Ex-ecutive Orders 12866 and 13563 issued by Presidents Clinton and Obama. Oddly enough, some have even made the argument that rules promulgated by the SEC should not be subject to cost-benefit analysis if they were man-dated by Congress. I don’t know where they got this idea, but it is a chilling reminder that Congress must do more to ensure that the SEC avoids politi-cally motivated rulemaking that dis-regards the foundations of sound pol-icy. In testimony before the committee last year, Dan Gallagher, a former Re-publican SEC Commissioner, noted the CEO pay ratio disclosure rule as a prime example of agency lawyers tak-ing advantage of loopholes in the cost- benefit analysis rules and imposing sig-nificant burdens on public companies. This could become a slippery slope if not stopped by Congress. We have an opportunity today to pro-tect our capital markets, investors, and job creators by ensuring that the SEC is doing less harm than good. I would urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of sound policymaking criteria and support Mrs. W AGNER ’s important legislation. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to share with my col-leagues and the American public how American organizations that work day in and day out to fight to protect in-vestors, consumers, minorities, work-ers, and pension plans view this bill. The director of investor protection of the Consumer Federation of America states: ‘‘This legislation goes far be-yond what is reasonable or balanced and, indeed, the bill would exacerbate, rather than end the most serious short-comings in the agency’s current regu-latory process, its inability to com-plete rulemaking regarding pressing issues in a timely manner.’’ The general counsel of Council of In-stitutional Investors stated: ‘‘We be-lieve the provisions of H.R. 78 would unnecessarily impede the ability of the SEC to issue proposals in furtherance of its mission, its mission to protect investors.’’ Finally, the Americans for Financial Reform stated: ‘‘This legislation is transparently an effort to paralyze the SEC and to empower Wall Street law-yers to overturn its decisions and sue and not to improve its analysis or deci-sionmaking process.’’ I urge my colleagues to heed these warnings and to really hear what these representatives of the public are say-ing; and I urge them to vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to what is the balance of the time remaining on each side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 10
1⁄4minutes re-maining. The gentlewoman from New York has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS). Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). I rise today in support of my good friend from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ’s) legislation, H.R. 78, the SEC Regu-latory Accountability Act. The American people have grown tired of unaccountable and unelected Washington bureaucrats bringing for-ward burdensome regulations without fully considering the effect on families in our districts. This simple and straightforward leg-islation would enact a statutory re-quirement for the SEC to outline en-hanced economic analysis require-ments for any new regulations before they can be enacted. It also requires a review of existing regulations to deter-mine if they are unduly burdensome or duplicative. Accountability. The impact of bur-densome regulations that lack a thor-ough vetting by the SEC can have an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.062 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H435 January 12, 2017 
untold effect across our entire econ-omy. Court cases, Government Account-ability Office reports, and the SEC’s own Office of Inspector General have raised important questions and rec-ommended improvements to various components of the SEC’s economic analysis in its rulemaking. This legislation would go further by prohibiting the SEC from issuing a rule when it cannot make a reasoned deter-mination that the benefits of the in-tended regulation justify the cost of the regulation. Logic and reason. In closing, I support this good-gov-ernment, commonsense legislation in-troduced by Chair W
AGNER . The SEC Regulatory Accountability Act will take an important step in preventing the SEC from implementing a regula-tion before understanding its full im-pact on our economy and on the fami-lies in our congressional districts and across the country. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My Republican colleagues, regret-tably, want to impose cost-benefit analysis that tilts towards industry costs because they know something that they don’t want the American people to know. An impartial cost-ben-efit analysis of Wall Street reform rules would inevitably demonstrate how wildly beneficial such rules are to the U.S. economy and to the lives of everyday Americans. Earlier this week, the bipartisan think tank, Third Way, found that Dodd-Frank’s bank capital rules will add $351 billion—as in B, billion—to the U.S. economy over the next 10 years. This report presents a cost-benefit analysis that shows that, while lending becomes slightly more expensive when banks are required to maintain higher capital levels, the benefits of miti-gating another financial crisis greatly exceed any costs. This report is one of many which Republicans intentionally ignore. Reducing the likelihood of another financial crisis does not come without cost, but the costs are worth it. Let us not forget the widespread human suf-fering that has been felt across this Na-tion because of the financial crisis. The 2008 financial crisis destroyed 8.7 mil-lion American jobs, wiped out $2.8 tril-lion in retirement savings of ordinary Americans, and led to the foreclosure, the loss—15 million Americans lost their homes due to financial mis-management in this country. If those aren’t significant costs for policymakers to consider, then what else is? Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), the chair-man of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chair-man, this has been an issue in Europe. It has been an issue in the United States. I would like to make the point that, with respect to looking at eco-nomic analysis and making certain that it is bipartisan, I think there is a way to make certain it is objective. As I look at the underlying text and then look at the amendment that we are accepting, we should reflect on this. We are going to have the SEC here look at both the protection of in-vestors and the effects to ensure com-petition and efficiency. So I would ex-plain to the Members that adding that into what I already thought was pretty exacting rules here in terms of an ob-jective analysis should really succeed in our attempt here. And what is the attempt in this Reg-ulatory Accountability Act? It is to make sure that the U.S. cap-ital markets are unmatched in terms of their size, their depth, their resiliency, and transparency. And this Regulatory Accountability Act gives the Commis-sion the opportunity to ensure that its rules and regulations, past and present, each of those are worth pursuing when measured against their economic costs. Growing access to capital, protecting investors, preserving the world’s strongest capital markets are not mu-tually exclusive objectives here. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HUIZENGA. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. ROYCE of California. And here is what I would like to point out. The Eu-ropean Union clearly recognizes this conundrum right now. They are launching a call for evidence to inves-tigate the unintended consequences created by their regulatory framework because they are searching for balance in this, too, to make sure that they have retrospective examination. It is prudent. Frankly, as the effec-tiveness of regulation is measured by outcomes rather than volume in a situ-ation like this, it drives us toward effi-ciency in the market. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to point out that with Dodd- Frank and the reforms that the Demo-crats put in place, our economy bound-ed back faster and stronger than all of Europe. And I must say that one of the areas that we need to work on, where we are falling behind in our economy, is exports. We need to support exports. Despite all the talk that we hear from Republicans about enacting poli-cies that support jobs and job creation, and the slew of tweets from the Presi-dent-elect discouraging American com-panies from moving U.S. jobs over-seas—and I support his efforts to stop our companies from going overseas— one proven job creator has remained on the sidelines, and that is the U.S. Ex-port-Import Bank. This Bank has played a critical role in opening up international markets to U.S. export-ers, which, in turn, helps create and preserve jobs here in America. The export-import banks of our com-petitors are supported by those coun-tries five times more than what we do here in America. In fact, the ability of the Export-Import Bank to even oper-ate, even though it makes money and has succeeded in building up American exports, has been hamstrung by the leadership of my good friends and col-leagues on the other side of the aisle. In recognition of the Bank’s success and supporting U.S. jobs over the past 80 years, in December of 2015 the House and the Senate voted with over-whelming majorities to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. Despite this broad support, the Bank has remained hamstrung because, with three empty seats on its five-member board, the Bank lacks the quorum it needs in order to approve transactions over $10 million. Although President Obama nomi-nated two individuals to serve on the Ex-Im’s bipartisan board, the Senate Republican leadership refused to con-sider them, and Ex-Im’s board remains without a quorum. They can not ap-prove these exports. I think it is a na-tional scandal. Indeed, it has been more than 18 months since the Export-Import Bank’s board was last able to consider transactions, which has limited its ability to ensure U.S. workers and businesses of all sizes are able to com-pete around the world for contracts, as well as support jobs for the many small businesses that contribute to the sup-ply chains for these high-value exports. b1515 In fact, the bank currently has 50 transactions in its pipeline valued at nearly $40 billion, which, if approved, would support more than 100,000 Amer-ican high-skill and high-wage jobs. I in-tend to bring this to the attention of the President-elect. So, as we talk today about how these Republican bills will create American jobs, I think it is important that we look at the GOP’s full record on job creation or, might I say in this case, job prevention. As their record shows, Republican leaders have been all too willing to let U.S. jobs slip away to our foreign competitors. Until Congress restores Ex-Im to full functionality, U.S. companies selling expensive capital goods such as air-craft, locomotives, nuclear reactors, and turbines will remain at a unique competitive disadvantage because their foreign competitors all enjoy ample fi-nancing from their home-country ex-port credit agencies—enough to easily knock U.S. companies out of the com-petition. This is unfair. We cannot compete and win in the global economy unless we support our businesses. We will lose global market share in key sectors such as the sat-ellite industry, aerospace, and tele-communications. We will lose tens of thousands of jobs as some of the big-gest U.S. exports suffer declining over-seas sales, and, eventually, some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.063 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH436 January 12, 2017 
these companies would be forced to move jobs to where export credit is still available. We have seen this re-ported in the news daily where they are moving to our competitors. So, in short, we need to support the Export-Import Bank. We need to not hamstring the SEC by requiring it to have unnecessary, time-consuming, du-plicative rules that are already in place and that allow people to sue them more easily. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who care, as President-elect Trump does, about job creation to be opposed to this bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the balance of the time remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 7 minutes remain-ing. The gentlewoman from New York’s time has expired. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, at this time, I do not intend to yield to the gentlewoman from New York, even though I struggle to understand how the Export-Import Bank had anything to do with what we are talking about here today. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IP-
TON), a member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act sub-jects the SEC to enhanced cost-benefit analysis requirements and requires a review of existing regulations. By promoting economic analysis re-quirements during the regulatory proc-ess, this bill ensures that regulation writing is data driven and not done on an ad hoc basis with little thought to the true impact the expanding regu-latory net has on businesses and the economy. It is a mistake for regulators over-seeing our financial system and the capital markets, including the SEC, to promulgate regulations without fully considering the costs and benefits, as well as all of the available regulatory alternatives. This bill also takes the commonsense approach of requiring the SEC to evaluate whether a proposed regulation is inconsistent with, or duplicative of, other Federal regulations. When our businesses are being overwhelmed by compliance obligations that demand more and more time and resources, it is crucial that our regulators do every-thing in their power to ensure that reg-ulations are effective, streamlined, and nonduplicative to minimize impact. It is important to note that this leg-islation does not limit the SEC’s rule-making authority in any capacity. The bill appropriately strengthens the SEC’s existing cost-benefit-related re-quirements to ensure that the true im-pact of regulations can be calculated. To advocate for the status quo and against this legislation shows a funda-mental misunderstanding of the finan-cial system and the regulatory process. This legislation is a vote of confidence that, with the appropriate tools and a data-driven approach, our regulatory agencies can create a framework of safety and soundness that does not un-duly burden our economy. I am happy to lend my support to this bill and encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense measure. I, again, thank the gentlewoman from Missouri for her efforts on this legisla-tion. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, Americans have heard time and time again over the last 8 years that our economy is in the slow-est recovery since World War II. Why? It is because unelected bureaucrats by-pass this body of Congress and contin-ually push out hundreds of burdensome regulations onto American families who are struggling just to get by. The onslaught of regulations by this administration has proven to kill jobs, shut down businesses, and stifle our economic growth. But now it is time to make good on our promise to make a brighter future for Americans and begin to turn this Nation around. Just as the American people expect us to know what it is in a bill before we vote on it, it is equally important to know what is in a regulation. Most Federal agencies are required to conduct a thorough cost-benefit anal-ysis of each regulation before finalizing it. But this isn’t always the case for the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. While the SEC is subject to some cost-benefit requirements when a new regulation could have an overbearing impact on our marketplaces, they are exempt from having to identify alter-native policies. I rise today in support of the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act because it will require the SEC to follow its own core principle of disclosure that it, in itself, enforces on the securities in-dustry in this Nation. This bill would require the SEC to disclose all the costs and benefits of each proposed reg-ulation to the public. We must not allow regulatory agen-cies to be a roadblock to job creation by failing to consider the impact pro-posed rules would have on our securi-ties market. Additionally, this bill re-quires the SEC to clearly identify the nature of the issue before establishing a new regulation. Mr. Chairman, our economy cannot flourish without healthy capital mar-kets. We must hold regulatory agencies to strict standards, just as they do the businesses they regulate across this Nation. This bill takes meaningful steps toward achieving these goals, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), a new member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, the debate over financial regulation is not just about more versus less. It is also about the idea that financial liberty and per-sonal liberty are connected, and they have been for most of history. This goes back to the Middle Ages, when widespread use of a bill of ex-change—basically, a check—made it much more difficult for government to wrongly take people’s wealth. That de-velopment was one of the first building blocks of limited government. Now, today, we see a similar prin-ciple at work in global capital. Like the bill of exchange placing gold or sil-ver out of the reach of government, the connected global economy allows cap-ital to flow away from harsh regula-tion. Countries that get it right are the ones that win. There are a number of statistics that suggest that we are getting the short end of the stick in this arena. We are losing our financial competitiveness. For example, nearly 10 percent of for-eign companies left the New York Stock Exchange this year, almost dou-ble the historic average. Finally, from 2010 to 2016, the United States slipped from 6th to 11th in the Index of Eco-nomic Freedom. While this problem has a number of causes, the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulatory Account-ability Act will help improve our eco-nomic competitiveness by requiring that the SEC put its regulations through a strong cost-benefit analysis and review regulations that are just plain outdated. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I would just like to point out to those watching on TV the earlier Dem-ocrat-sponsored hot air portion of the bill today. You heard about the Export-Import Bank. You heard about Bernie Madoff. You heard about the Dodd-Frank Act being the only answer to an economic crisis that was caused by a housing cri-sis which, by the way, the Dodd-Frank Act did nothing about. By the way, on the Bernie Madoff situation, the SEC ignored a whistleblower for 10 years. This bill has nothing to do with fraud, and it is not about a trial of the effectiveness or lack thereof of the SEC today. This is about a commonsense notion that we ought to actually iden-tify the target that these rules are try-ing to hit and then find out if it is the right target and analyze that. What you see on the other side of the aisle is the philosophy that more is better: the more regulation that the SEC has, the more paperwork, a bigger budget with more employees. We are not sure what their effectiveness is, and we are not sure what exactly they are trying to achieve here, but all we can tell you is that more is better. Damn the costs; it doesn’t matter. That is, obviously, not the intent that we have on this side of the aisle. We are trying to make sure that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.065 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H437 January 12, 2017 
proper protection of the investors is there. We are trying to make sure that the three parts of the SEC’s mandate, of which one of those is capital forma-tion and creating a robust atmosphere, are actually happening. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 78 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘SEC Regu-latory Accountability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONSIDERATION BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF THE COSTS AND BENEFITS OF ITS REGULATIONS AND CERTAIN OTHER AGENCY ACTIONS. 
Section 23 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78w) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ONSIDERATION OF COSTS AND BENE-
FITS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before issuing a regula-tion under the securities laws, as defined in section 3(a), the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) clearly identify the nature and source of the problem that the proposed regulation is designed to address, as well as assess the significance of that problem, to enable as-sessment of whether any new regulation is warranted; ‘‘(B) utilize the Chief Economist to assess the costs and benefits, both qualitative and quantitative, of the intended regulation and propose or adopt a regulation only on a rea-soned determination that the benefits of the intended regulation justify the costs of the regulation; ‘‘(C) identify and assess available alter-natives to the regulation that were consid-ered, including modification of an existing regulation, together with an explanation of why the regulation meets the regulatory ob-jectives more effectively than the alter-natives; and ‘‘(D) ensure that any regulation is acces-sible, consistent, written in plain language, and easy to understand and shall measure, and seek to improve, the actual results of regulatory requirements. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS AND ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIRED ACTIONS .—In deciding whether and how to regulate, the Commis-sion shall assess the costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives, including the alternative of not regulating, and choose the approach that maximizes net benefits. Specifically, the Commission shall— ‘‘(i) consistent with the requirements of section 3(f) (15 U.S.C. 78c(f)), section 2(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(b)), section 202(c) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2(c)), and section 2(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2(c)), consider whether the rule-making will promote efficiency, competi-tion, and capital formation; ‘‘(ii) evaluate whether, consistent with ob-taining regulatory objectives, the regulation is tailored to impose the least burden on so-ciety, including market participants, indi-viduals, businesses of differing sizes, and other entities (including State and local gov-ernmental entities), taking into account, to the extent practicable, the cumulative costs of regulations; and ‘‘(iii) evaluate whether the regulation is inconsistent, incompatible, or duplicative of other Federal regulations. ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In addi- tion, in making a reasoned determination of the costs and benefits of a potential regula-tion, the Commission shall, to the extent that each is relevant to the particular pro-posed regulation, take into consideration the impact of the regulation on— ‘‘(i) investor choice; ‘‘(ii) market liquidity in the securities markets; and ‘‘(iii) small businesses. ‘‘(3) E
XPLANATION AND COMMENTS .—The Commission shall explain in its final rule the nature of comments that it received, includ-ing those from the industry or consumer groups concerning the potential costs or ben-efits of the proposed rule or proposed rule change, and shall provide a response to those comments in its final rule, including an ex-planation of any changes that were made in response to those comments and the reasons that the Commission did not incorporate those industry group concerns related to the potential costs or benefits in the final rule. ‘‘(4) R
EVIEW OF EXISTING REGULATIONS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Com-mission shall review its regulations to deter-mine whether any such regulations are out-moded, ineffective, insufficient, or exces-sively burdensome, and shall modify, streamline, expand, or repeal them in ac-cordance with such review. In reviewing any regulation (including, notwithstanding para-graph (6), a regulation issued in accordance with formal rulemaking provisions) that sub-jects issuers with a public float of $250,000,000 or less to the attestation and reporting re-quirements of section 404(b) of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)), the Com-mission shall specifically take into account the large burden of such regulation when compared to the benefit of such regulation. ‘‘(5) P
OST-ADOPTION IMPACT ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever the Commis-sion adopts or amends a regulation des-ignated as a ‘major rule’ within the meaning of section 804(2) of title 5, United States Code, it shall state, in its adopting release, the following: ‘‘(i) The purposes and intended con-sequences of the regulation. ‘‘(ii) Appropriate post-implementation quantitative and qualitative metrics to measure the economic impact of the regula-tion and to measure the extent to which the regulation has accomplished the stated pur-poses. ‘‘(iii) The assessment plan that will be used, consistent with the requirements of subparagraph (B) and under the supervision of the Chief Economist of the Commission, to assess whether the regulation has achieved the stated purposes. ‘‘(iv) Any unintended or negative con-sequences that the Commission foresees may result from the regulation. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS OF ASSESSMENT PLAN  
AND REPORT .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENTS OF PLAN .—The assess-ment plan required under this paragraph shall consider the costs, benefits, and in-tended and unintended consequences of the regulation. The plan shall specify the data to be collected, the methods for collection and analysis of the data and a date for comple-tion of the assessment. The assessment plan shall include an analysis of any jobs added or lost as a result of the regulation, differen-tiating between public and private sector jobs. ‘‘(ii) SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION OF RE -
PORT .—The Chief Economist shall submit the completed assessment report to the Commis-sion no later than 2 years after the publica-tion of the adopting release, unless the Com-mission, at the request of the Chief Econo-mist, has published at least 90 days before such date a notice in the Federal Register extending the date and providing specific reasons why an extension is necessary. With-in 7 days after submission to the Commission of the final assessment report, it shall be published in the Federal Register for notice and comment. Any material modification of the plan, as necessary to assess unforeseen aspects or consequences of the regulation, shall be promptly published in the Federal Register for notice and comment. ‘‘(iii) D
ATA COLLECTION NOT SUBJECT TO NO -
TICE AND COMMENT REQUIREMENTS .—If the Commission has published its assessment plan for notice and comment, specifying the data to be collected and method of collec-tion, at least 30 days prior to adoption of a final regulation or amendment, such collec-tion of data shall not be subject to the notice and comment requirements in section 3506(c) of title 44, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Paperwork Reduction Act). Any material modifications of the plan that require collection of data not previously pub-lished for notice and comment shall also be exempt from such requirements if the Com-mission has published notice for comment in the Federal Register of the additional data to be collected, at least 30 days prior to initi-ation of data collection. ‘‘(iv) F
INAL ACTION .—Not later than 180 days after publication of the assessment re-port in the Federal Register, the Commission shall issue for notice and comment a pro-posal to amend or rescind the regulation, or publish a notice that the Commission has de-termined that no action will be taken on the regulation. Such a notice will be deemed a final agency action. ‘‘(6) C
OVERED REGULATIONS AND OTHER  
AGENCY ACTIONS .—Solely as used in this sub-section, the term ‘regulation’— ‘‘(A) means an agency statement of general applicability and future effect that is de-signed to implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy or to describe the procedure or practice requirements of an agency, includ-ing rules, orders of general applicability, in-terpretive releases, and other statements of general applicability that the agency intends to have the force and effect of law; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) a regulation issued in accordance with the formal rulemaking provisions of section 556 or 557 of title 5, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) a regulation that is limited to agency organization, management, or personnel matters; ‘‘(iii) a regulation promulgated pursuant to statutory authority that expressly prohibits compliance with this provision; and ‘‘(iv) a regulation that is certified by the agency to be an emergency action, if such certification is published in the Federal Reg-ister.’’. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO OTHER REGULATORY ENTITIES. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board should also follow the requirements of sec-tion 23(e) of such Act, as added by this title. 
SEC. 4. ACCOUNTABILITY PROVISION RELATING TO OTHER REGULATORY ENTITIES. 
A rule adopted by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board or any national securities association registered under section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–3) shall not take effect unless the Securities and Exchange Commission deter-mines that, in adopting such rule, the Board 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.066 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH438 January 12, 2017 
or association has complied with the require-ments of section 23(e) of such Act, as added by section 2, in the same manner as is re-quired by the Commission under such section 23(e). 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115–3. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–3. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk as the designee of the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ). The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 3, line 8, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 3, after line 8, insert the following: ‘‘(E) in consultation with the Office of Eth-ics Counsel of the Commission, identify any former nongovernmental employer of a Com-missioner, Director, Deputy Director, Asso-ciate Director, or Assistant Director that would receive direct or indirect benefit from a rule or regulation, analyze the benefits to such employer, and whether the regulation should be amended to address any potential conflict of interest or appearance of a con-flict of interest.’’. Page 6, after line 5, insert the following: ‘‘(5) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—The Commis-sion shall identify the employers of any Commissioners, Directors, Deputy Directors, Associate Directors, and Assistant Directors who have left the Commission within five years of the scheduled adoption of the final rule, and whether such employers receive di-rect or indirect benefits, and whether the Commission should amend the rule to ad-dress the identified conflict of interest.’’. Page 7, line 19, insert after the period the following: ‘‘The assessment plan shall also include an analysis of whether and how any former nongovernmental employer of a Com-missioner, Director, Deputy Director, Asso-ciate Director, or Assistant Director, or the current employer of a former Commissioner, Director, Deputy Director, Associate Direc-tor, or Assistant Director who departed the Commission within five years of the sched-uled adoption of the regulation, directly and indirectly benefits from the regulation, and a recommendation as to whether such regu-lation should be amended to address the identified conflict of interest.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 40, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I think it appropriate to point out what the style of this bill is, what the words on the actual bill say. There seems to be some confusion with my colleagues on the other side as to whether or not this is a mom-and-pop bill. The bill itself says, ‘‘A bill to im-prove the consideration by the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission of the cost and benefits of its regulations and orders.’’ The Securities and Exchange Com-mission deals with Wall Street, deals with megabusinesses. This is not about a mom-and-pop store. This is not about the small business in the neighborhood. This is about megabusinesses desiring to have access to markets without the regulations necessary to protect inves-tors. This bill, if it passes, will place the SEC in a mission impossible position because it will be impossible for the SEC to do what it needs to do to pro-mote regulations that will prevent fraud. Either litigation will stop them or they won’t be able to define and quantify the benefits associated with regulation that can prevent fraud. A good example has been presented, but some things bear repeating. If we had produced regulations that would have prevented Bernie Madoff from robbing the country of $64 billion, we wouldn’t have known it, we couldn’t quantify it, because it wasn’t knowable. This bill puts the SEC in a position of having to do that which is not knowable because it would prevent fraud. b1530 Now, having said this, the Waters amendment will at least allow us to curtail some of the conflicts of interest that can take place by persons who will come from some entity that works with persons on Wall Street or when they leave, go to an entity that works with Wall Street. Our regulators ought not be able to take their rules and reg-ulations to companies and businesses that will impact Wall Street after they leave or impact their businesses once they are on Wall Street. This amendment that the Honorable MAXINE WATERS has presented would cause the SEC to identify, analyze, and address potential conflicts of interest in its proposed rules, and it would go on to make sure that persons who work for the SEC do not create conflicts of interest. We live in a world where it is not enough for things to be right; they must also look right. It doesn’t look right for these Wall Street types, the persons from Goldman Sachs and re-lated industries who will come to Wall Street, take jobs, and promote rules that benefit their former employers, nor does it look right for them to produce rules that will benefit employ-ers that they will go to when they leave Wall Street. That is what this amendment will prevent. It is simple. It is not com-plicated, and it deals with conflicts of interest. I think this amendment ought to be supported. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. PALMER ). The gentleman from Michigan is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I feel compelled to point out to my col-leagues that we are not paid by the word that is put into the Federal Reg-ister. I think, once again, you are hear-ing this example of more is better. It doesn’t matter what the words say, just let’s have more of them. We already have the SEC Chairman and the Commissioners covered by both governmentwide ethics laws and regu-lations as well as SEC supplemental ethics regulations which apply to all SEC employees. For example, they can-not participate personally and substan-tially in any matter that would have direct or predictable effect on his or her financial interests or imputed fi-nancial interests in the future, as re-quired under the code. Also, unless they are specifically au-thorized by the SEC’s ethics counsel, they should recuse from any matter in which he or she has a ‘‘covered rela-tionship.’’ Well, what is a covered rela-tionship? Well, a covered relationship includes former employees, clients, and even a spouse’s employer. Further, the SEC employees must report their fi-nancial holdings to the SEC’s ethics counsel; and this requirement goes be-yond, frankly, the governmentwide re-porting requirement. Finally, the SEC Chairman or a Com-missioner must not engage in any other business, employment, or voca-tion while in office; nor may he or she ever use the power of their office to in-fluence their name to promote the business interests of others, as required by law. As such, I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, how much time do I have remain-ing? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, let me say this in my 1 minute. It appears that the other side believes that nothing is better because that is what this bill would cause the SEC to produce—nothing. It would stagnate the SEC. It would place the SEC in liti-gation. It would literally decimate the SEC because you cannot quantify bills or regulations that will prevent fraud. You can’t quantify it. I have given you the example. I know the public is listening. You need to weigh in on this, members of the public, because this is not about mom-and-pops. It is about megacorporations. This piece of legis-lation that Ms. W
ATERS offers at least 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.022 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H439 January 12, 2017 
will deal with conflicts of interest be-yond the person who happens to work with the SEC, which is what has been addressed. It will deal with conflicts of interest as they relate to the busi-nesses that they will go to or the busi-nesses that they have left. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I will wrap up here by simply saying that the bill before us today is intending to clarify—or have the SEC, I should say, clarify what the goal and objective is of their proposed rule. Let’s find out what they are trying to do, and then, more importantly, find out if it is actu-ally effective. There might be a rule in place al-ready somewhere else. The other side is trying to strike that provision. They are trying to say: No. No. It doesn’t matter what the other hand of govern-ment is saying. We are going to just add more and more regulation added on. We need to have a clear under-standing of what the objective is, what the target is, and whether it is an ef-fective rule to get to that point. I just would encourage my colleagues to op-pose the Waters-Green amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–3. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 1, insert after ‘‘making’’ the following: ‘‘, in addition to being in the in-terest of protecting investors,’’. Page 5, line 21, insert after the period the following: ‘‘Whenever pursuant to this para-graph the Commission is engaged in a re-view, it shall consider whether an action is necessary or appropriate in the public inter-est, the protection of investors, and whether the action will promote efficiency, competi-tion, and capital formation.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 40, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple and straightforward. It will help ensure the SEC fulfills one of its core mission functions—protecting inves-tors. As Members of Congress, we must never forget the lessons of the financial crisis and the Great Recession. Ameri-cans lost $14 trillion, suffering sharp declines in retirement savings, pension funds, and overall wealth. This was due, in part, to being pushed into ab-stract and sophisticated financial prod-ucts and securities that they knew lit-tle or nothing about. I was here in 2008, Mr. Chairman. I listened to the people. I heard their stories. Unfortunately, for many of them, the financial crisis and the Great Recession caused deep and lasting harm. Many may never recover. I proudly supported the Dodd-Frank Act and believe the SEC has imple-mented many regulations that will guard against another financial crisis and help preserve the financial future of American families for generations to come. For these reasons, I am con-cerned the regulatory reviews required by the underlying bill do not properly account for investor protection. To that end, my amendment ensures the SEC does more than just consider how a proposed regulation will impact businesses. It expressly instructs the SEC to weigh the safeguards of inves-tors when changing a rule or regula-tion. My amendment instructs the SEC to continue focusing on investor pro-tection not only when drafting new rules but also when reviewing existing regulations. Let me be clear: it is vi-tally important that this language be included to ensure investors’ needs do not take a backseat to industry con-cerns. We must never go back to the days leading up to the crisis, Mr. Chairman. By simply instructing the SEC to take into account investor protections when reviewing and considering new or exist-ing regulations, my amendment helps ensure the safeguards we put in place under the Dodd-Frank Act are pre-served. This will mean retirement sav-ings and household wealth are more se-cure, and we are not once again risking deep and lasting harm to our economy and financial markets. For these rea-sons, I urge the adoption of my amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to this amendment, though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the amendment and support its immediate passage. I want to thank the sponsor for working with us to draft the language that is con-sistent with the SEC’s tripartite mis-sion to: number one, protect investors; number two, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and, number three, facilitate capital formation. I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the amendment and the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I want to thank the gentleman and Chairman HENSARLING for working with me on this important amendment. I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes,’’ which is a vote to protect average, ordinary American investors. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–3. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 10, line 16, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 10, line 20, strike the first period and all that follows and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 10, after line 20, insert the following: ‘‘(iv) a regulation promulgated to maintain or support U.S. financial stability or prevent or reduce systemic risk.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 40, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, this amendment would exclude from this bill regulations that would pro-mote financial stability and prevent or reduce systemic risk. I have indicated previously that we are concerned about the bill’s unintended consequence—I don’t think that my colleagues are doing this with malice aforethought— the unintended consequence of stag-nating the SEC to the point that it cannot produce regulations that will prevent fraud. Nowhere in the bill does it exempt regulation that will prevent fraud. I believe that this will help us be-cause the bill needs to allow the SEC the ability to move at the speed of in-novation. These products are coming on the market. The best way for the SEC to be able to react to them effica-ciously would be for the SEC to have rulemaking authority at the same speed of the innovation. I hope that we won’t allow the SEC to be bogged down with a cost-benefit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.070 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH440 January 12, 2017 
analysis that is impossible to produce and that, when produced, will produce litigation. Again, I think this is a rea-soned, thoughtful amendment. I trust that it will be adopted. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I just find it a bit ironic that the other side is not interested in doing this cost-ben-efit analysis which is in the underlying bill here because it is too burdensome. But what do they want to do? They want to add more paperwork and more burden in their amendments. Despite what you have heard, the SEC is not a systemic risk regulator; and even the former chairman of the Committee on Financial Services, Bar-ney Frank, noted at the time when the FSOC was reviewing asset managers for systemic designations, he recog-nized that these are not entities that pose a systemic risk to the financial system. And while the SEC does not regulate systemic risk, I am afraid that this amendment could be poten-tially politically misinterpreted and applied to a number of capital market participants and activities which they, frankly, have no business regulating. So it would lead to the same fire, aim, ready kind of situation rulemaking that we have seen from the current ad-ministration that hinders growth and that capital market formation that we have just talked about in the last amendment. The bill before us will ensure that fu-ture SEC rulemakings are prudently proposed and adopted to achieve the maximum net benefit, and that is what we are really talking about here today. While I support the underlying bill, I will have to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I would remind my friend across the aisle that the Volcker rule does deal with systemic risk. I would re-mind him that the SEC does play a role in regulating systemic risk. Having said that, let’s just talk again. And I would engage in a col-loquy with you and use my time. Ex-plain to me how you would quantify a regulation designed to prevent fraud such as the fraud perpetrated by Madoff. How would you quantify it in dollars and cents? Because that is what you are all about, dollars and cents. How do you quantify that? Mr. HUIZENGA. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA. This has nothing to do with Bernie Madoff since the whis-tleblower approached the SEC and the SEC, using its dollars, was not able to stop him. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman, it does have to do—you are trying to divert us from the actual problem, which is regula-tions that can prevent fraud. How do you propose to quantify in dollars and cents regulations that will prevent fraud when the fraud that can be perpetrated is not knowable? I yield to the gentleman from Michi-gan. Mr. HUIZENGA. I appreciate the gen-tleman yielding. Working together on the Financial Services Committee, we know that there are actuarial tables and analyze risk all the time. You are able to analyze fraud. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Reclaiming my time, there is no way for anyone to have known. Mr. HUIZENGA. You are able to ana-lyze that risk. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I reclaim my time. There is no way for anyone to have known what Bernie Madoff was going to do. It was not knowable. You are imposing a mission impossible upon the SEC. There is a real question that has to be answered today, Mr. Chair, or at some point in the future: Does Con-gress regulate Wall Street or does Wall Street regulate Congress? Now, this is a serious question be-cause that is what this kind of regula-tion gives us the image of being a part of. Wall Street wants this. This benefits Wall Street. It doesn’t benefit mom and pops. It doesn’t benefit Main Street. It benefits megacorporations. And you can couch the language in any clever way that you want. In the final analysis, this is all about megacorporations being able to do things that would prevent—that would not be in the best interest of investors. Investors who are listening to this. You ought to be concerned. This im-pacts you. If this legislation passes, your opportunity to participate in Wall Street with regulations that are going to prevent fraud from being per-petrated upon you—similar to what Madoff perpetrated—will not be pos-sible. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. Members are re-minded to address their remarks to the Chair. The gentleman from Michigan is rec-ognized. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the remaining balance of the time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-ing, and the gentleman from Texas has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA. At this point I am ready to close and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, in closing, let me simply say this: People who are viewing this at home should become very much concerned about the direction that we are headed in. This is a new Congress and here we are currently trying to emasculate the SEC by putting it in a position such that it cannot produce rules to pro-tecting investors; by requiring it to know the unknowable; to know that a rule that you are putting in place to prevent fraud has a quantifiable dollar amount that you can produce so that you can measure that against the cost of producing the rule. Mr. Chairman, this amendment that I propose would benefit the SEC and in-vestors. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to point out to all of my colleagues and to the American people that currently the SEC is under a court order to clarify how exactly they are doing their rulemaking. And there is a staff-level rule letter. With this underlying bill, we are try-ing to codify that. We are trying to make sure, not just with a letter, but by law, that they do what they are being ordered to do. And I will remind all of my colleagues and those of you out watching us, the Securities and Ex-change Commission has a mission that has three parts. The first part is to protect investors. Nothing in this bill weakens there. Nothing in this bill takes anything away from that. We, in fact, underscore that. The second mission that it has is to maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets. Emphasis again, fair, orderly, and efficient markets. What we are see-ing is inefficiency that is being built into the marketplace right now, and we are here to clarify that. Let’s find out, as the SEC is preparing a rule, what the goal and objective is and what is going to be the impact on it. Yes, cost is part of that, and we are able to look at that. The third thing the SEC intended to do is to facilitate capital formation. Why is that important and what ex-actly does that mean? It means making sure that there is enough money around so that compa-nies, big, medium, and small, are able to go in there and get the cash and the credit that they need to go and expand and do the job that they are trying to do, which is, by the way, employ all of us in America. We have talked a lot about the un-derlying bill and not so much about the particular amendment that we have be-fore us, but I do continue to oppose the amendment and encourage the passage of the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.074 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H441 January 12, 2017 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 84. An act to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commis-sioned officer of the Armed Forces. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
SEC REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P ALMER ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–3. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5. DIVESTITURE REQUIREMENT. 
The amendment made by section 2 shall not take effect until the Chairman of the Se-curities and Exchange Commission, and all immediate family members of the Chairman, divests all securities owned by the Chairman and such immediate family members of the Chairman from any financial institution reg-ulated by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission to ensure that proper and fair rule- making is administered in accordance with this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 40, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment to the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act in a spirit of co-operation. It is most important for the integrity of the SEC, for the investor community, for the entire U.S. popu-lation, and indeed for the economic benefit of the United States that integ-rity and transparency are paramount. So this amendment strengthens the bill, I believe, on behalf of the Amer-ican investor as well as industry by re-affirming transparency as a core prin-ciple of efficient markets and places public service ahead of personal gain. By requiring the head of the SEC and his immediate family members to di-vest themselves of all securities con-nected to the financial institutions regulated by the agency, we reinforce investor confidence that agency deci-sions are driven by market forces, not the portfolio of the Chair. Mr. Chairman, the power and sta-bility of U.S. markets rely on the fun-damental belief that the system is transparent and fair. Anything that causes investors to question the integ-rity of the U.S. markets, including lack of information or opaqueness of information, will necessarily hurt our markets and make capital formation more difficult. The SEC plays a critical role in pro-moting adequate transparency. Requir-ing the SEC Chairperson to cut finan-cial ties with institutions that the SEC oversees is a commonsense protection of the agency’s credibility and im-provement to the underlying bill in my belief. I hope my Republican colleagues agree and will support this amendment that puts public service ahead of poten-tial personal gain. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, again, I think we are stumbling over the fact that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle believe that we are somehow paid by the words put into the Federal Registry here. The SEC is already covered by both governmentwide ethics laws and regu-lations as well as SEC supplemental ethics regulations which apply to all SEC employees, including the Chair. Perhaps the sponsor of the amend-ment is not aware that under existing Federal law, the SEC Chairman cannot participate personally in any matter that would have a direct and predict-able effect on her financial interests or imputed financial interest, and I would invite the sponsor to review the code at this point. Additionally, SEC supplemental reg-ulations prohibit SEC employees, in-cluding the Chair, from holding any se-curity in a directly regulated entity, and they must also preclear all pur-chases and sales of securities. Further, the Chairman or Commis-sioner must not engage in any other business, employment, or vocation while in office, nor may she ever use the power of her office or the influence of her name to promote the business interests of others. Finally, the amendment does not seem to address what I believe Con-gressman D
ESAULNIER ’s description is intending to address as it is the Fed-eral Reserve, not the Securities and Exchange Commission, that regulates the too-big-to-fail banks or, as the amendment states, financial institu-tions. The SEC does not regulate financial institutions. The code defines the term ‘‘financial institution,’’ and the defini-tion includes ‘‘a bank, a foreign bank, and a savings association.’’ Since the SEC does not regulate any of these entities, the amendment would require the SEC Chair to divest of ex-actly zero entities. So notwithstanding that important discrepancy here, I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I honestly respect the tutorial, but, with all due respect, I do think that this amendment complements the existing rules and protects the investors. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). Ms. MOORE. I thank the chairman. I really appreciate the gentleman, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , for bringing forth this amendment. Disclosures of and divestment in con-flicts are becoming increasingly impor-tant in this administration coming up. The conflicts that we know about and the conflicts that we suspect exist with President-elect Trump and his nomi-nees have become a tremendous source of concern as not only do they under-mine the faith and fairness of U.S. fi-nancial markets, as has been pointed out, but, quite frankly, they have be-come a matter of national security concern. The amendments that were rejected by Ranking Member W
ATERS and this amendment by Representative D
ESAULNIER together restore con-fidence that the U.S. financial system is not being manipulated for the gain of a few government officials. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this amendment. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, at this time I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, with all due respect, I really think this is, as intended, a commonsense amend-ment. I do think it complements rather than adds on to the existing require-ments to protect investors. And I real-ly think this House, with all due re-spect, would want to see the markets work efficiently. We also want to en-sure that the integrity of those mar-kets and the investors are also strengthened. So I think transparency in this case with the acknowledgment that there are other already existing regulations and the belief that this amendment complements those, I would ask for the House’s support. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1600 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I would just point out again that this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.077 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH442 January 12, 2017 
amendment does not hit the target. The SEC does not regulate financial in-stitutions. 15 U.S.C. 78c defines the term ‘‘financial institutions,’’ and that definition includes a bank, a foreign bank, and a savings association. The SEC does not regulate any of the enti-ties that are described in this. In addition to that, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Chair— Chairwoman in this instance, who will be resigning soon—is covered under governmentwide ethics rules and laws. The SEC has additional SEC-specific rules that are in place. This amend-ment would do absolutely nothing to support or diminish those because it doesn’t actually address any situation that they have. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . RASKIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–3. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5. TRAINING REQUIREMENT FOR THE CHAIRMAN AND COMMISSIONERS OF THE SEC. 
The amendment made by section 2 shall not take effect until the Chairman and each Commissioner of the Securities and Ex-change Commission undergoes effective training on conduct and ethical standards to ensure all actions of the Commission are done in a manner free of conflicts of interest, specifically those related to prior employ-ment at financial institutions and prior legal representation of financial institutions. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 40, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would require both the Chairman of the SEC and all of its Commissioners to undergo a com-prehensive, professional ethics training in order to ensure that all SEC regula-tions and actions are free from con-flicts of interest that may arise from their past or future employment or by legal representation of regulated enti-ties. This training into all of the ethical standards that were just invoked by my distinguished colleague from Michigan is critical to guard against regulatory capture and to protect the public interest. The whole challenge of a republic is how to get legislators and other public officers, who are agents of the people, to serve the common good rather than their own, private inter-ests. In the cost-benefit terms of this legislation, you would call this the ‘‘agency problem.’’ Our Constitution, with everything from the separation of powers to the Emoluments Clause, to the Title of Nobility Clause is designed to safeguard the public interest and to reduce the prospects for mischief, cor-ruption, and self-dealing by people in government. Providing mandatory eth-ics training is a simple way to remind all of us in public life whom we really work for—the American people. Requiring employees to undergo basic ethics training is not unusual. In fact, every congressional staffer who works in this body is required to under-go ethics training in his or her first 60 days of employment here. The fresh-man class, of which I am a proud mem-ber, just had an excellent briefing on professional ethics standards a couple of weeks ago. Under this amendment, Congress will be able to ensure that the SEC officials who are making the critical rules that govern the financial securities industry are looking out for the American peo-ple and not for any particular special interest. Conflicts of interest have been rife in the financial sector. In 2008, while Wall Street and big banks preyed on the vic-tims of the mortgage crisis, American families lost trillions of dollars in re-tirement values, home values, equity, and so on. This amendment would implement a simple safeguard, ensuring that the people who regulate the financial sec-tor are not crossing any ethical lines or are bending the rules in favor of past or future employers or of any other special interests. The people of the United States expect and deserve noth-ing less from Washington. In closing, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I be-lieve the sponsor of the amendment was in the Chamber when we were dis-cussing this on the last amendment. Federal law, as well as SEC supple-mental regulations, already govern ethics and conflicts of interest. It is well-known, especially if you check out my Twitter account, I think, that most people who support this President don’t believe I support this President enough. A number of people would say that I haven’t supported the SEC Chairman to the level that I should. This, frankly, is insulting to the current President as well as the Chair. Implying somehow that this Chair has preyed off of poor people until they went bankrupt, as was just sort of laid out by the sponsor of this, is an insult. To believe this of the SEC Chair, who is typically—and I know in this par-ticular case is—a very accomplished professional, is amazingly short-sighted, I believe. Additionally, the Chair is required to receive personal annual ethics training as well as an initial ethics briefing. I direct the sponsor to review the statute on this. Additionally, the Chairman and the Commissioners are required to file an ethics agreement letter in which she will agree to divest prohibited assets, and if she has not done so prior to the appointment, she is to recuse herself from matters in which she has finan-cial conflict or the impartiality con-flict, which can be found also in code. Finally, the Chairman or a Commis-sioner is prohibited from engaging in any other business, employment, or vo-cation while in office, or she may never use the power of her office or her name to promote or influence a business in-terest. Once again, I think that what we are trying to do here with the underlying bill is to make sure that the SEC fol-lows through on what the courts have mandated in previous rulings in that they use a cost-benefit analysis. This is not about fraud. This is not about whether Mary Jo White needs ethics training. This is about making sure that the SEC has an identifiable target and goal with the rules that it is put-ting in place and then analyzing whether the costs and the benefits weigh in favor of protecting the con-sumer. Ultimately, this amendment does nothing to forward that. I oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, the gen-tleman from Michigan has invited us, through the various colloquies this afternoon, to believe that there is a comprehensive ethical regime in place. We agree that there is, but what there is not is a requirement that the Chair of the SEC and each of its Commis-sioners undergo ethics training, the kind of training that millions of Amer-icans undergo all the time in order to understand precisely what their ethical obligations are. It is as if to say that nobody needs to have stop signs or stoplights out there because there is a traffic code someplace. There may be, but we need to give the actual direc-tion to people who are participating in the activity of regulation. Nothing that the good gentleman has said persuades me that the ethics training is actually taking place or that the SEC Commissioners and the Chair of the SEC do not need it. If anything I said is read by anyone to insult the President of the United States or the current Chair of the SEC, then I would stand corrected. I don’t think I said anything that would have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.080 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H443 January 12, 2017 
affronted any of them. This is basic ethics training that takes place for people across the government. For the life of me, I can’t understand what the opposition to it is. There seems to be a kind of fetishizing of cost-benefit analysis above everything else. The Constitu-tion doesn’t include the words ‘‘cost- benefit.’’ There are a whole series of rules that we have in there, including the Emoluments Clause, which estab-lished the principle of no conflicts of interest, no foreign bribery, no domes-tic bribery, no compromising of the in-tegrity of government; and I do not un-derstand why we are so afraid of build-ing those principles into the legal ar-chitecture that governs the Securities and Exchange Commission. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand that the sponsor is a constitu-tional law professor. I direct the gentleman to 5 CFR 2638.305 and 5 CFR 2638.304, which read: 
The Chair of the SEC is required to receive in person annual ethics training as well as an initial ethics briefing. Additionally, Chairmen and Commissioners are required to file ethics agreement letters in which they agree to divest. 
The bottom line is that we don’t need additional words in the Federal Reg-ister to do what is already being done. The sponsor of the amendment men-tioned that cost-benefit analysis is not in the U.S. Constitution, but neither is the SEC. However, due process is in the Constitution, and what we are trying to get at is due process to make sure that we have—us, as a legislative body—properly involved and engaged in this and that we understand what the goals and objectives of the Securities and Exchange Commission are when it is issuing a rule and whether that rule is going to effect the change intended. What are those benefits? Is it going to benefit and protect the consumer? Again, I reiterate the three elements of the mission of the Securities and Ex-change Commission: number one, to protect investors; number two, to maintain fair and orderly and efficient markets; and number three, to facili-tate capital formation. Those are the stated goals and is the job of the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I think we have arrived at what the difference is between me and the gentleman from Michigan. The regulation, as he reads it, applies only to the Chair. This amendment would extend the ethics training, which he seems to support, to all of the members of the Securities and Ex-change Commission. It is true that they all have to do a filing, as we all do, about our various finances, but that is not the comprehensive ethical train-ing that all of us need to get in order to avoid conflicts of interest. So, if that is something that is good enough for the Chair, it is, presumably, good enough for all of the members of the SEC. I would urge my colleague to rethink his opposition to this commonsense amendment, which, I think, would in-stall precisely what the American peo-ple are asking of us, which is that all of us pay attention to public ethics in the conduct of our duties. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I maintain my opposition to this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 115– 3 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. A
LGREEN  of Texas. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. A
LGREEN  of Texas. Amendment No. 4 by Mr. D
ESAULNIER  of California. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. R
ASKIN of Maryland. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 233, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 46] AYES—192 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.083 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH444 January 12, 2017 
Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Frankel (FL) Mulvaney Neal Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Walker Zinke 
b1635 Mr. SIMPSON, Ms. CHENEY, and Mr. GOHMERT changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. PASCRELL and LOWENTHAL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 232, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 47] AYES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—11 
Brat Cramer Frankel (FL) LaMalfa Marchant Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1640 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 194, noes 233, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 48] AYES—194 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.042 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H445 January 12, 2017 
Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Frankel (FL) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke 
b1646 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . RASKIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 196, noes 231, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 49] AYES—196 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beutler Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.034 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH446 January 12, 2017 
Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—7 
Frankel (FL) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1650 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
ALMER , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 78) to improve the consid-eration by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders, and, pursu-ant to House Resolution 40, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I am op-posed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Bustos moves to recommit the bill, H.R. 78 to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the fol-lowing amendment: Page 4, after line 25, insert the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION OF THE POTENTIAL OUT -
SOURCING OF U .S. JOBS.—In making a rea-soned determination of the costs and bene-fits of a proposed regulation, the Commis-sion shall, to the extent that it is relevant to the proposed particular regulation, consider whether market participants would have an incentive to relocate their operations out-side of the United States.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ) is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, this final amendment says plainly that the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission should take into account whether any proposed rule will have an impact on outsourcing American jobs. Many of us, especially those of us in the industrial heartland, represent re-gions that have experienced serious job losses because of companies sending jobs overseas. I will tell you a little bit about mine. I have the honor of serving Illinois’ 17th Congressional District. Most of my district is rural. It spans 7,000 square miles, 14 counties, and covers the entire northwestern region of the State of Illinois. We are the world headquarters for John Deere. You have probably seen the tractors or the com-bines out there on the farmland. We are also the world headquarters for Caterpillar, and, as you have trav-eled around our country and around our world, you have probably also seen the yellow, big, earth-moving equip-ment. That comes from my congres-sional district. But like many parts of our heartland, our region has seen far too many man-ufacturing jobs shipped overseas. I am going to give you a couple of examples. In a town called Galesburg, Illinois, we had a Maytag plant that made re-frigerators. Overnight, every last one of those jobs was shipped to Mexico. A dozen years later, the wages there still have not recovered because of that out-sourcing. We have a town called Hanover, Illi-nois, a little, bitty town in north-western Illinois. There was a plant called Robertshaw. They made little valves that go inside of washing ma-chines and dishwashers that measured the water that would flow through. There was nearly a zero percent defect rate on what was produced out of that plant, and the company was profitable. And yet, every last one of those jobs went to Mexico. And then we had a company called Sensata. They made auto part sensors, and it was bought out by a company called Bain Capital. You might know a little bit about this company called Bain Capital. And they shipped every one of those jobs over to China. I have made friends with a lot of the workers there, one of whom is named Dot Turner. She had worked there for 40-plus years, started right out of high school. And she had the indignity of— the last function that she had to do at that plant was to scrape the tape off the floor that laid the area for where the machinery had been; that was what she had to do. So I am here to tell you those sto-ries, but also to say that this is hap-pening to way too many workers. Men and women like Dot Turner understand the dignity that comes with having a good job and putting in a good, hard day’s work. They understand that a good career is a pathway to a better fu-ture for themselves and for their fami-lies. But too many people like Dot have been left behind. So what are we going to do? What is ahead? In just 9 days, President-elect Trump will take the oath of office after run-ning on a platform of making America great again. He said he would do that by bringing home jobs that had been sent overseas. Well, many my colleagues on this side of the aisle have been fighting to protect American jobs for years. In fact, we have put forth real solutions to spur growth in the manufacturing sector and get our middle class back to work. We have introduced more than 80 bills in our Make It In America agenda, but we have been blocked at so many turns. So what kind of legislation is making it to the House floor instead? Bills like the one we are going to be voting on soon; bills that would make it more difficult for the Securities and Ex-change Commission to protect inves-tors and consumers, would make it more difficult for that to happen, and bills that would gamble the retirement savings of everyday Americans as if we were a Trump casino. Working families deserve more than a bumper sticker slogan. They know that talk can be cheap in a place like Washington, D.C., and they are tired of politicians putting billionaires over the little guy. That is why this motion would ensure that our focus is on bringing back outsourced jobs. Working families need to know that we here in Washington are fighting for them. Please join me, and let’s show the American people that we are seri-ous about this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I have to commend my colleague. This is close, but this isn’t horseshoes. Words have meaning. And I have to tell you that our underlying bill does actually do what you are talking about. b1700 I will direct you to page 4. Page 4: ‘‘evaluate whether, con-sistent with obtaining regulatory ob-jectives, the regulation is tailored to impose the least burden on society, in-cluding market participants, individ-uals, businesses of different sizes, and other entities, including State and local government entities, taking into account, to the extent practicable, the cumulative costs of regulations.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.035 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H447 January 12, 2017 
So, what we have here, Mr. Speaker, is a problem. We have a problem with U.S. businesses not performing the way that they should. We have to under-stand, though, why that is happening. I have to point out to my colleague that, frankly, we have fewer publicly traded companies in this country right now. You have to ask yourself why. We have virtually no IPOs happening in this country. You have to ask your-self why. Well, we know the answer. It is be-cause we have overly burdened our-selves in this country and are no longer competitive. In fact, here is what I look forward to on January 21: I look forward to repeal-ing the Tax Code that we have, and then we don’t have to worry; I am looking forward to repealing ObamaCare, and then we don’t have to worry; I am looking forward to real regulatory reform, and then we don’t have to worry about that as a country. So, while this may be close on the ob-jective of what our sponsor is trying to do, I would recommend voting against this motion to recommit and vote for the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 232, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 50] AYES—195 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Frankel (FL) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke 
b1706 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 243, noes 184, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 51] AYES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.094 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH448 January 12, 2017 
Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—7 
Frankel (FL) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke 
b1712 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 40 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 238. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) kindly take the chair. b1713 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 238) to reauthorize the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure trans-parency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 115–3 offered by the gen-tlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 191, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 52] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.038 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H449 January 12, 2017 
Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Frankel (FL) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke 
b1717 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 238) to reau-thorize the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, to better protect fu-tures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and ac-countability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 40, he re-ported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Com-mittee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. LANGEVIN. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Langevin moves to recommit the bill H.R. 238 to the Committee on Agriculture with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 44, line 15, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 44, after line 15, insert the following: (B) the Commission shall not consider the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign jurisdiction described under subparagraph (A) as comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements, if that foreign jurisdiction has been found by the Commission, in consultation with the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, to have engaged in cyber-attacks targeting any election held in the United States; and Page 44, line 16, strike ‘‘(B)’’ and insert ‘‘(C)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to a vote on final passage as amended. Mr. Speaker, the amendment I am of-fering this afternoon is simple. It would prevent any jurisdiction’s swap laws from automatically being consid-ered comparable to the United States if it is found to have engaged in cyber at-tacks targeting U.S. elections. As someone who has been involved in cy-bersecurity policy for the better part of a decade, it could not be more relevant, it could not be more timely. During the past year, Mr. Speaker, the core of our democracy came under attack. The Russian Government, act-ing under the orders of authoritarian President Vladimir Putin, conducted a sustained information warfare cam-paign designed to undermine the Amer-ican people’s faith in our electoral sys-tem. The influence operation involved traditional tradecraft, including Rus-sian state-owned media broadcasters. It also, notably and notoriously, in-volved the hacking of Democratic Party organizations, including the Democratic National Committee. These are facts, Mr. Speaker. They are the findings of independent secu-rity researchers that have been re-cently confirmed by the brave men and women serving their country as part of the intelligence community for whom I have great respect. The contours of what happened are indisputable, and they should be undisputed. Yet, our response to this unprece-dented attack has been anything but unified. Putin and his henchmen acted with an intent to sow discord, to make us question each other’s motives, and to raise doubt about the validity of our election results. We know this was Putin’s intent, and yet, rather than acting with solidarity to address the problem, we bicker. Mr. Speaker, next Friday, I will be here at the Capitol for one of the great-est American traditions, the peaceful transition of power. Mr. Trump may not have been my choice for President, but, come next week, he will nonethe-less be my President. I will join with my colleagues here, and we will con-gratulate him on his inauguration. We will do so because there is no evidence that any vote tallies were altered and, like it or not, Mr. Trump clearly pre-vailed in the electoral college. But if we can join together on the election of the President, something many of my colleagues have severe dis-agreements about, why can we not do so to decry Putin’s attempted inter-ference? Why do we not speak today as a body with one voice to say: you’ve failed, Mr. Putin; our faith in our de-mocracy is as strong as ever? I will not pretend that my amend-ment to this bill is sufficient punish-ment for the brazen attack on our de-mocracy. But it will send a powerful message that this House is unified. It will send a powerful message to Putin that American democracy is resilient. It will send a powerful message to our allies that we will not stand idly by as Russians attempt to affect their demo-cratic institutions. And it will send a powerful message to our constituents that our commitment to free and fair elections rises above partisan politics. President Obama spoke very elo-quently on Tuesday about the chal-lenges faced by our democracy. ‘‘Our democracy is threatened,’’ he said, ‘‘whenever we take it for granted.’’ Passing this amendment makes it abundantly clear that we very much understand how lucky we are to live in this country and how attacks on it will not be tolerated. I will reiterate that this amendment will not kill the bill in any way. Rather, we will move imme-diately to vote on final passage fol-lowing its adoption. I urge my colleagues to join me in this display of solidarity and resil-ience. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. Those of you who paid attention 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.043 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH450 January 12, 2017 
to the debate earlier in the day will find it curious that much of the debate, some of the debate, was about the spec-ificity with which we instructed the CFTC to set up a regime in which to evaluate foreign jurisdictions, and it irritated the group. In fact, many of them are voting against it because that is in the underlying bill that is there, so I oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment. I also don’t know that it wouldn’t re-quire a referral to the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, and while the vaunted Committee on Agri-culture would love to claim all the ju-risdiction we possibly could, I am not interested in referring it to a different committee. For 4 years now, the end users and folks have been waiting to get this thing done. It is time for us to get it done. I urge my colleagues to vote against this motion to recommit and support the Commodity End-User Re-lief Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the 5-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 235, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 53] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—9 
Frankel (FL) Gutie´rrez Maloney, Carolyn B. Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke 
b1734 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 182, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 54] YEAS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.102 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H451 January 12, 2017 
Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—182 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Chu, Judy Demings Frankel (FL) Garrett Loebsack Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Payne Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rutherford Ryan (OH) Zinke b1740 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 54. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentlewoman from California seek rec-ognition? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Yes, sir. I seek recognition to get an explanation of what happened on C– SPAN today. Did this House have anything to do with it? I would like to explain that today while I spoke on the House floor on H.R. 78—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman will suspend. Is the gentlewoman seeking unani-mous consent to address the House for 1 minute? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Yes, I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman is recog-nized for 1 minute. 
f 
HOUSE INVESTIGATION RE-QUESTED IN RE C–SPAN INTER-RUPTED BY ‘‘RUSSIA TODAY’’ (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, today while I spoke on the House floor on H.R. 78, the state- owned Russian channel called ‘‘Russia Today’’ suddenly interrupted my speech, and C–SPAN coverage was re-placed with Russian programming. Can the Chair please explain the proper rules for coverage of House floor proceedings? How did this happen? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will inform the gentlewoman that the Chair has no information on this at this point. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like to request an investigation of this incident because it does not seem to be coincidental. I was speaking about the SEC, and I was speaking about President-elect Trump and how he could influence the SEC and his relationship with Russia when I was interrupted. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As de-bate, the gentlewoman’s remarks will appear in the R
ECORD . Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am requesting an inves-tigation by the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As de-bate, the gentlewoman’s remarks will appear in the R
ECORD . Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am requesting an inves-tigation by the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot unilaterally grant an in-vestigation. The gentlewoman is wel-come to use whatever other procedural means that she may have at her dis-posal to effect a result. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I thank the Chair. I have made it known. I have asked for the investiga-tion. If there is no assistance from the House, I would appreciate allowing other kinds of cooperation. I must say this, Mr. Speaker, if we were sitting in on the House and if we were streaming, then the House would know what to do since they inves-tigated our past actions when we were trying to bring attention to gun vio-lence in this country. So I don’t really accept the fact that the House has no role in this and that it should not be participating in it. The House participates when it wants to, and I am asking the House to par-ticipate and investigate in this the same way you did when you decided that somehow it was improper for us to stream from the House on this issue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman yields back. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. No, I don’t yield back. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman’s time has expired. The gen-tlewoman is no longer recognized. f 
b1745 IN SUPPORT OF NOMINATION OF SECRETARY OF EDUCATION BETSY D
EVOS (Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to voice my strong support for President-elect Trump’s outstanding choice for Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos. A fellow Michigander, Betsy has worked tirelessly on behalf of the chil-dren of our country, striving to im-prove education and return authority back to those who know best—parents and the States. Not only has Michigan benefited from her efforts, but she has worked across the country to improve test scores and promote the highest level of academic achievement. She is committed to not only promoting strong schools, but she has also worked on an individual basis by personally mentoring children and interacting with their parents. I have no doubt that Betsy will con-tinue to be a strong advocate for our children and that she will ensure that our education is as it should be—the greatest in the world. 
f 
THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT WORKS (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.044 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH452 January 12, 2017 
Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I rise on behalf of the residents of Maryland’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict to say that the Affordable Care Act works. It has improved the health of thousands of men, women, and chil-dren in my district, and it has also re-duced the level of uncompensated care in our community hospitals. Repealing the Affordable Care Act will result in more uninsured patients, and more uninsured people will drive up costs for everyone. Community hos-pitals, such as MedStar Health and Anne Arundel Medical Center, will be forced to lay off doctors and nurses. Major medical centers, like John Hop-kins and the University of Maryland, will be forced to cut back investments in research that we so desperately need to fight cancer, to treat diabetes, and to reduce infant mortality. In the Fourth Congressional District, we are on the verge of establishing a new regional medical center that will both improve the quality of care throughout the National Capital Re-gion and will create thousands of healthcare-related jobs in my district. Mr. Speaker, repealing the Afford-able Care Act is simply wrong. Hospital services will be reduced, local econo-mies will be weakened, and job losses will follow. Let’s protect our care and protect our jobs. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize National Human Trafficking Awareness Month. In my home State of California, human trafficking is a notoriously large and dangerous industry, with over 300 reported cases of trafficking that involved children, teens, and young adults last year, including the very mysterious case that happened in November, that of Sherri Papini from Shasta County, who may or may not have been drawn into this. Fortu-nately, she was released on Thanks-giving Day. Indeed, the whole State is thankful for her release and that she didn’t get caught in that horrible sys-tem. We must do more to stop this human trafficking. That is why I am a proud supporter of H.R. 440, the SHAME Act, which was introduced by my colleague, Mr. P
OEof Texas. The bill makes pub-lic the names and pictures of criminals who have been convicted of buying sex from a minor or from a sex trafficking victim—stripping their anonymity and sentencing them to the public humilia-tion they deserve for their despicable acts. I believe the SHAME Act will help to discourage participation in further human trafficking and will lead to a safer environment for our children in America. We must combat this now— indeed, a very dangerous and immoral problem. f 
REPEAL OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, we are less than 2 weeks into the start of the new Congress and Republicans are al-ready trying to make good on their central campaign promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Regrettably, it is a promise that will cause more than 30 million Americans and at least 86,000 Rhode Islanders to lose their health coverage. It will in-crease prescription drug costs for al-most 16,000 Ocean State seniors, and it will cost Rhode Island an estimated 12,000 jobs in 2019, according to a recent report by The Commonwealth Fund and George Washington University. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans’ prom-ise to repeal the Affordable Care Act will have devastating consequences for healthcare providers, patients, fami-lies, and even employers. I have long said that ObamaCare isn’t perfect, and I am willing to work in a bipartisan manner to improve it—a task we have tried to accomplish for years without Republican cooperation. Mr. Speaker, the budget resolution the Republicans are jamming through Congress now is anything but bipar-tisan. I pledge to do everything in my power to fight their cynical attempts to revoke the health coverage of thou-sands of Rhode Islanders and of mil-lions of Americans who need it and who depend on it. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF NOMINATION OF SECRETARY OF EDUCATION BETSY D
EVOS (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, for too long, Washington has spent education dollars by building bureaucracy instead of by advancing opportunities for our children. As a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I be-lieve we must change the status quo and restore local control in education. We need someone to lead the Depart-ment of Education and to work with Congress and leave decisionmaking in the hands of parents and local commu-nities, not in Washington. Betsy DeVos is that person. She has dedicated her life to fighting for children in Michigan. She has been a tireless advocate for giving families choices and for ensuring our kids have access to quality education, including in public schools, regardless of their Zip Codes. She has a heart for children and will be a champion for every stu-dent in America. I encourage the Senate to confirm her quickly so that, together, we can get to work on ensuring a high-quality education is within reach for every child. f 
IN MEMORY OF THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LENO BRADBY (Mr. M
CKEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I tres-pass on the time of the House today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Leno Bradby. Mr. Bradby was a true leader of our community—a community in the Fourth Congressional District, known as Charles City County. He was an ac-tive member of his NAACP chapter, of the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People, as well as being a member of the Charles City County Democratic Committee. Mr. Bradby dedicated his time to helping folks vote by supporting voter registration and voter education ef-forts in our district. He regularly vol-unteered at the polling locations and provided community members with transportation to cast their ballots. I know that his presence was greatly missed in a special election that was held within our district yesterday. It is sad to see a devout and active member of our community leave us, but his legacy will live on with his fel-low community members. This is a great loss to Charles City County. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF NOMINATION OF SECRETARY OF EDUCATION BETSY D
EVOS (Mr. HUIZENGA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support my friend Betsy DeVos, President-elect Trump’s nominee to serve as the next Secretary for the De-partment of Education. Betsy is a passionate and dedicated servant with a big heart for kids. She is a grandmother of five who has made it her life’s mission to ensure that all children in America have access to a quality education no matter what their ZIP Codes are. Betsy has fought for children in classrooms to State cap-itals, and her efforts have given more kids hope for a brighter future. In our shared home State of Michigan, Betsy led the effort to pass the State’s first charter school law. According to Stan-ford University, Michigan’s charter school students now perform at a high-er level than do their peers. I witnessed Betsy’s creativity and discipline firsthand when we served to-gether on the board of the Compass College of Cinematic Arts, a Grand Rapids, Michigan-based film school and production company. We implemented rigorous standards that set Compass up for accreditation, and it now holds them accountable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.108 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H453 January 12, 2017 
I know that Betsy is up to the chal-lenge of ensuring our children are pre-pared to compete and thrive in our ever-changing world. 
f 
REPEAL OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, for over 6 years, we have watched House Repub-licans attack the Affordable Care Act. The law may not be perfect, but Repub-licans can’t ignore the fact that the ACA has allowed 30 million Americans to access affordable health care. Calls and emails have poured into my office from my constituents who are begging me to do everything in my power to protect their health care and to strengthen the ACA. Earlier this week I received an email from Brian in San Bernardino, who shared that his wife didn’t have insurance before the ACA. When the law went into effect, she had a physical, whereby doctors discovered she had ovarian cancer. It was caught early and treated, and now she is living healthy in San Bernardino. If she had not obtained health insurance through the ACA, she wouldn’t have had a preventative screening, which saved her life. Mr. Speaker, we cannot strip 30 mil-lion people of their health care. We cannot look people in the eyes and say we are doing everything we can to help them if we allow insurance companies to discriminate against them and to cap their coverage. I will not com-promise their health care or our future, and neither should you. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF NOMINATION OF SECRETARY OF EDUCATION BETSY D
EVOS (Mr. MOOLENAAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the nomination of Betsy DeVos, of my home State of Michigan, to be the next Secretary of Education. She shares our belief that all chil-dren should have the opportunity to learn in a world-class environment and that they, along with their parents, should be able to choose the schools that are best for them. In Michigan, she has improved learning opportuni-ties for students from low-income backgrounds all across the State. She knows that local control plays a key role in an educator’s ability to tailor lesson plans that best provide the edu-cation for our students. For decades, Betsy DeVos has worked tirelessly on education issues, and she has been a champion for parents and students. As a parent of six children who have attended public schools, I am confident that she will do an out-standing job as our next Secretary of Education. REPEAL OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, this House, the people’s House, will vote to take the first step in a blindly ideological crusade to break our entire healthcare system and rip health insur-ance away from more than 20 million Americans. Repeal would cripple our Nation’s hospitals and create a $723 million budget shortfall in my congressional district alone, resulting in countless job losses across our great country. Re-peal would return everyone to the days of big insurance companies and their denying of needed care due to annual and lifetime limits on coverage. Repeal would mean higher costs for individ-uals who seek routine preventative care, like mammograms or birth con-trol. This is not what the people want. People are sick and tired of Repub-licans playing political games with their health care. The Affordable Care Act is not perfect. Deductibles, out-of- pocket costs, and prescription drug prices are still too high for many work-ing families. People are frustrated when they are faced with narrow net-works or surprise medical bills. Unfortunately, these are not the problems that Republicans are focused on fixing. In fact, the only problem Re-publicans seem to be trying to solve is that too many people have health in-surance. Republicans want to roll back the progress that has been made and create a healthcare system that elimi-nates the guarantees of affordable cov-erage, by which families will face even higher deductibles and copays—a con-cept they euphemistically call ‘‘skin in the game,’’ and those with preexisting conditions, including expectant moth-ers, would again face a closed door in-stead of care. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week we observed National Human Trafficking Awareness Day, and we continue to shine a light on this mod-ern form of slavery. As a part of that effort, I am cosponsoring the Traf-ficking Survivors Relief Act, which is the next step in helping the victims of human trafficking. The heinous practice of human traf-ficking exploits young girls and boys. These victims are oftentimes our most vulnerable and are taken advantage of by those with no regard for their well- being. The Trafficking Survivors Relief Act will allow victims to petition courts to have their criminal records cleared of nonviolent offenses that were committed as a direct result of being trapped in human trafficking. It is a very important step, Mr. Speaker, in helping these individuals get the op-portunity to return to living fulfilling lives on their own terms and getting the fresh start that they deserve. No man, woman, girl, or boy should ever be subjected to sex trafficking. We must remain vigilant in our fight against this crime and ensure that the victims receive the support and re-sources they need because, together, we can stop human trafficking. f 
REPEAL OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the first time as a Member of Con-gress to discuss an issue that is at the forefront of the American conscience and is one that I care deeply about: protecting and improving the Afford-able Care Act. Today, over 45,000 of my constituents have access to reliable, affordable healthcare coverage thanks to the Af-fordable Care Act. These are seniors who would otherwise be unable to af-ford their prescription drugs. These are working families who no longer have to worry about being one illness away from bankruptcy. These are children who have been born with birth defects who would have previously been denied coverage for having a preexisting con-dition or reached their lifetime limits before they even started school. What concerns me most is this effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act with-out putting forth any sort of replace-ment. This will have real consequences for American families, and it is simply reckless governance. We cannot play politics with 20 million American lives who depend on the Affordable Care Act for access to quality, affordable health care. This is not a game. 
f 
b1800 WSAV GENERAL MANAGER RETIRING (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Ms. Deb Thompson, who recently retired as gen-eral manager of WSAV News Station in Savannah, Georgia. Ms. Thompson began working with WSAV in 2005. She moved to Savannah from Dallas, Texas, and started her outstanding career bringing news to our local community as a sales man-ager for the station. Her dedication and passion for the Savannah community made her a per-fect fit for the job, and she quickly moved to general manager of WSAV in 2009. An example of this passion was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.109 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH454 January 12, 2017 
showcased when she was arrested in March of 2016, as part of the Muscular Dystrophy Association’s Lock-Up event to help combat neuromuscular disease. The money that Ms. Thompson raised for bail helped two local chil-dren attend an MDA summer camp that gives children with muscle-debili-tating diseases the best week of the year. Ms. Thompson was also instrumental in expanding WSAV’s news coverage from 17 hours per week to 30 hours per week and creating a 10 p.m. program reaching a much broader audience. I am proud to recognize her today for all of her hard work and dedication to southeast Georgia. I wish her the best of luck in the future. 
f 
REJECT ATTEMPTS TO REPEAL THE ACA (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, in a bizarre rant yesterday, President-elect Donald Trump said he would be ‘‘the greatest jobs producer that God ever created.’’ Mr. Trump might need to rethink that statement, given his top priority is to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker, while the Republicans haven’t given us any details about an ACA replacement pol-icy at all, we know exactly what will happen if they repeal it: millions of jobs will be lost. Since the ACA was passed in March 2010, the U.S. economy has added more than 15 million private sector jobs and the unemployment rate has been cut in half. In fact, the longest streak in pri-vate sector job growth began the month the ACA was passed. Now, folks on the other side of the aisle want to risk all of that going away by repealing the law. A recent study has found that repeal-ing the ACA would kill 2.6 million jobs in just 1 year, including 45,000 in my home State of Oregon. Thirty million Americans will lose access to health care, and $350 billion gets added to our budget deficit. Mr. Speaker, we can’t afford the reckless ACA repeal policy. I urge my colleagues to reject attempts to repeal the law and focus on ways we can fix and improve our healthcare system while creating jobs. 
f 
REPEALING ACA WITHOUT A REPLACEMENT IS DANGEROUS (Ms. BARRAGAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise because I offered an amendment to the budget resolution bill that is going to be up for a vote tomorrow. The amendment that I offered was a statement of policy that repealing the Affordable Care Act without a replace-ment is dangerous and irresponsible. This is a bipartisan sentiment. Senator LISAMURKOWSKI , a Repub-lican from Alaska, stated: ‘‘I have great concerns that we inject a level of great uncertainty into an already un-certain environment if we don’t give people a clear indication as to what will come once we repeal.’’ I don’t support a repeal, but people in my district cannot afford to go without health care in the 44th Congressional District. I urge my colleagues to think about this, to think and to listen to their Re-publican colleagues. We need to see a replacement plan. 
f 
FIVE IMPACTS OF THE ACA REPEAL (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, the im-moral effort to take away health care from millions of working families across the country has begun. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, thousands of families in my home State of Washington have been able to get quality health care, and now the Republican majority is set to strip away that healthcare coverage from those struggling to make ends meet. If they succeed, three quarters of a million Washingtonians will lose their health care; 55,000 young people in our State will be kicked off their parents’ healthcare plans; being a woman, once again, becomes a preexisting condition where women would again have to pay out of pocket for basic, preventive screenings and birth control; nearly 4 million Washingtonians, covered by their employers, would see their costs increase and coverage decline; and 50,000 Washingtonians who gained health care through Medicaid expan-sion will lose it. Mr. Speaker, health care is a funda-mental right and not a privilege. In-stead of rolling back the progress we have made, we should be strengthening and expanding health care to cover all who live in our Nation. 
f 
DREAMER INFORMATION PROTECTIONS (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday at 1:30 p.m. in El Paso, Texas, hundreds of my fellow citizens will come out to San Jacinto Plaza to join us in celebrating, supporting, and de-fending those DREAMers who, across this country, are 700,000 strong, who were brought here at a young age are now contributing in, living in our com-munities, going to school, serving in the military, and helping to create jobs and grow our economy. I am also introducing tomorrow the DREAMer Information Protection Act to protect those DREAMers who volun-tarily came forward out of the shadows to give their personal information, their names, telephone numbers, and addresses to the Federal Government. I want to protect them and make sure that same government doesn’t turn around and use that information to de-port them, as the incoming administra-tion has promised to end the executive DACA action and potentially deport those DREAMers on who this country is depending, not just for our economic success but our growth and success as a country that has always gained from immigrants who contribute to the American way of life. f 
SUPPORTING BETSY D EVOS’ NOMINATION (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in strong support of a true leader and friend, Betsy DeVos, for the nomination of Secretary of Education. By far and away, Betsy DeVos is the ideal candidate to guide our Nation’s education policies. For three decades, she has been focused on making sure all of our Nation’s children have access to quality education, particularly for the disenfranchised and those in real need. The Associated Press recently ran a piece highlighting West Michigan Avia-tion Academy and the tremendous dif-ference the school is making in the lives of the children in Michigan. Betsy DeVos had her hand in that process, as she has in so many of the other schools across western Michigan. Mr. Speaker, being from Michigan myself, I have seen firsthand what Betsy DeVos has done for education in Michigan. She understands the impor-tant role of public schools in the K–12 system, but also believes that competi-tion, school choice, and parental con-trol will help drive success in all schools to ensure that all children are receiving the best possible education, no matter their circumstances. I hope to work with my friends on the other side of the Capitol. And I hope, during this time before the Sen-ate committee considers Ms. DeVos’ nomination, that the rest of the Nation will hear of the great things that Betsy DeVos has done and see how qualified she is for this job. 
f 
MICHIGANDERS CONCERNED OVER REPEAL OF ACA (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, last weekend, I held a roundtable discussion in my district with healthcare pro-viders, hospitals, doctors, nurses, clin-ics, labor leaders, and working families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.112 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H455 January 12, 2017 
to talk about what the Affordable Care Act means to them. All of them are op-posed and concerned for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. We talked about how important it was to protect the 695,000 Michiganders who have gained coverage since the ACA was enacted and the fact that the uninsured rate in Michigan has been cut in half. The story that struck me the most was from a local clergyman, Bishop Walter Starghill, who gained coverage for the first time through Medicaid ex-pansion. He told me: 
The impact on Black men with increased access to insurance coverage is big. We didn’t take care of ourselves until it was too late. We ended up in the emergency room and some of us died. Now we can get checked out early. 
I heard from another local UAW worker who said: 
I come from a family where many members have struggled with cancer. We wouldn’t have healthcare coverage after leaving our jobs or we’d have gone bankrupt without the ACA. 
Everywhere I go in the district, peo-ple are frightened and come up and say: What will happen? Tomorrow, you need to look people in the eye and tell them why you are taking their insurance away. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
AETZ ). The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the fol-lowing Members on the part of the House to the Joint Economic Com-mittee: Mr. P
AULSEN , Minnesota Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Arizona Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Virginia Mr. L
AHOOD, Illinois Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY , Florida Mrs. C
AROLYN MALONEY , New York Mr. D
ELANEY , Maryland Ms. A
DAMS , North Carolina Mr. B
EYER , Virginia 
f 
INTRODUCING REPUBLICAN FRESHMEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, it is a privilege to be here tonight. As we all get started in a new session, we get started with the newness and excitement. We have already hit the ground running. This Congress is going to be one of action. The American people spoke. They spoke loudly—they have been over the past few years—saying that the direction of our country needed to change. By changing, they meant change toward a government that is more conservative, one that is listen-ing to them and hasn’t forgot that it is not about the government worker that we are about in this place and not about government in and of itself, but it is about what government does for the American people. Tonight, as I have taken on my role as the vice chair in the Republican Conference, we have been talking about how we can introduce our Members and also work to get our messaging out. Tonight is the first night where we have some of our new freshmen here on the floor, Mr. Speaker, as you can well attest to. We are going to take time just to get to know them, where they came from, introduce them to the floor, and introduce them to what we are going to be about and what their passion is to share with as part of our majority going forward. The first gentleman is a dear friend from my home State of Georgia. He is, as what we call back home a dagg, D- A-G-G. We don’t use the extra G, but we will do the first G. How about that? He is a mayor from West Point, Geor-gia. He understands what real life is about. He understands about making jobs and getting people taken care of. He also is a dentist. He is going to stay on this side of the aisle tonight, Mr. Speaker, because I am not going over there to find out anything about that. We are excited to have him. It is going to be a good time tonight. I yield to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. FERGUSON ). Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to deliver my first remarks on the House floor. Before I became mayor of West Point, I watched my hometown almost fall completely apart. I saw what hap-pened when bad Washington policies al-most destroyed my hometown by cre-ating the environment for manufac-turing jobs to go overseas. I watched Federal programs that were failing to meet the needs of my friends and neighbors try to take the place of good jobs. The Federal programs weren’t fixing the underlying programs in my home-town. They were simply catching peo-ple in the cycle of poverty, and we surely didn’t want a handout. We want-ed jobs. I was faced with a choice of whether or not to move my dental practice and my family away from my hometown to a more profitable community or get in-volved and be part of the solution. I chose to get involved and work to bet-ter the lives of my neighbors and my hometown. Instead of being satisfied with one- size-fits-all government programs that simply perpetuated the existing prob-lems, we worked to bring manufac-turing jobs back to West Point, Geor-gia, by making targeted investments in economic development and infrastruc-ture. We attracted a Kia Motors manufac-turing plant, and the automotive in-dustry brought with it suppliers and other related businesses that produced over 15,000 jobs in just a few years. b1815 The city of West Point and the sur-rounding area today is revitalized not because of Federal Government pro-grams or regulations, but because we worked at the local level to find solu-tions to meet the needs of our area. I ran for Congress so that I could apply these lessons at the Federal level. We need policies that make America the most competitive place in the world to do business instead of cre-ating policies that incentivize compa-nies to take their jobs overseas. We need policies that help get people out of poverty instead of trapping them in a multigenerational cycle of property. I know firsthand that more govern-ment programs do not make commu-nities, schools, or individuals great. In fact, I have lived through and governed out of the dependence created by bad D.C. policy and government programs that continue to trap people in pov-erty. What we have collectively done to those in poverty with these policies is morally wrong. There is a better way, and we will do right by our fellow Americans. I am excited to work with my colleagues to craft and enact these policies that will improve the lives of our citizens. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate the gentleman from Georgia and his passion to serve and be a part of what is going to be going on here. We are a week away from the in-auguration of our new President-elect, and we are excited about that and mov-ing forward. As we move across the country, all the way to Arizona, our next speaker is the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS). I am looking forward to serving with A
NDY BIGGS on the Judiciary Committee. His background is working to promote a conservative, small-busi-ness agenda, which is something that is going to be valuable here. He is also an author. For those of us working in in-tellectual property and copyright, that is very important. There is so much job creation that is made by the intellec-tual spark that comes from our entre-preneurs. Tonight I am honored to have the second of our speakers, A
NDY B
IGGS from Arizona’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I yield to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. B
IGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding, and I am grateful for this opportunity to introduce myself to this Chamber. My name is A
NDYBIGGS. I represent Arizona’s Fifth Congressional District. I hope to pick up where my good friend and predecessor, former Congressman Matt Salmon, left off. He left me big shoes to fill, but I am blessed to be able to counsel with him, and I am honored to follow his example. My district covers parts of the south-east metropolitan area of Phoenix, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\JANUARY\H12JA7.REC H12JA7bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH456 January 12, 2017 
cities of Chandler, Gilbert, Mesa, Queen Creek, and communities like Sun Lakes. Many families have lived there for generations. They are hard-working, patriotic, and faith-driven people. I am a native Arizonan, one of the few. I live in Gilbert with my wife of 35 years, Cindy. We have six children and four grandchildren. I received my bach-elor’s degree in Asian Studies from Brigham Young University, my mas-ter’s degree from Arizona State Univer-sity, and my law degree from the Uni-versity of Arizona, and I have pursued additional graduate work. For the past 14 years, I have had the opportunity to serve in the Arizona State legislature where I served as the senate president for the last 4 years. During that time, we balanced the budget, going from the worst budget situation in the Nation on a per capita basis, and we reduced taxes. We cut government regulations. We asserted Arizona’s 10th Amendment rights, and protected life at all stages. When Congressman Salmon decided to retire last year, he asked me to run for his seat to ensure that his constitu-ents would continue to receive the ad-herence to conservative principles that Congressman Salmon stood for. After a four-way primary, I won my primary election by 27 votes. On the campaign trail last year, I promised my constituents that I would fight to achieve six major goals and in-troduce bills to reflect those goals in this Congress: Preventing Members of Congress from being paid until a balanced budg-et is passed. Yahoo. Reining in bureaucratic rulemaking and restoring Article I authority to Congress. Ending the ObamaCare loophole that is designed to benefit Members of Con-gress. Passing Grant’s law to protect inno-cent U.S. citizens from violent illegal immigrants. Ensuring that Common Core never becomes a Federal mandate and that States and local officials have author-ity over the teaching of our Nation’s youth. And my sixth initiative is to remove Arizona from the out-of-control, over-burdened, and out-of-whack 9th Fed-eral Circuit Court district and placing it into a newly established district that more accurately reflects Arizona’s val-ues and promotes and protects due process rights. I have worked hard to achieve these goals already, and will continue to pur-sue those goals. Last week, Members of this body were filled with great optimism and en-thusiasm for the future. I am hopeful that we will continue in that spirit as we await a new administration and strive to do the bidding of our constitu-ents. I will never forget the people who elected me to this high office and the principles that are important to them and my home, Arizona. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman. Again, we see the quality and we see who the American people have sent here, people like A
NDY BIGGS. We got started with the REINS Act, a bill that I sponsored that talked about reining in regulations. Andy jumped in with a couple of amendments. He wanted to be a part of the solution to start with. Next up is a gentleman from Ken-tucky, the First District of Kentucky, Mr. C
OMER . He comes to us from a farm background. He wore the blue jacket and the green jacket, 4–H and FFA. He was the Commissioner of Agriculture for the State of Kentucky. He has been a legislator. He also is a good friend of my Commissioner of Agriculture, Gary Black. Gary called me up and said there is a good one in Kentucky. I said when Gary says that, we know some-thing good is going on. It is my pleasure, Mr. Speaker, to yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ). Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yield-ing. It is indeed an honor to be a Mem-ber of this great body. I ran a 14-month campaign for Congress not simply to have a prestigious title ahead of my name or to simply come to Washington to point fingers at the other political party and blame everybody else for our Nation’s many problems. Rather, I ran for Congress so I could come here and work to solve our Nation’s many chal-lenges. The First Congressional District of Kentucky stretches from the foothills of Appalachia all the way to the west-ern most counties along the Mississippi River. It is a conservative, rural dis-trict comprised of 35 unique counties with the main industries being agri-culture, coal, and manufacturing. My constituents feel like Washington has forgotten them. Unfair trade agree-ments have cost us good-paying manu-facturing jobs. The EPA’s war on coal has devastated the coal economy and its massive economic spin-off. Over-burdensome regulations like waters of the U.S. threaten the viability of our family farmers, and an unsustainable government takeover of our healthcare system, better known as ObamaCare, has significantly increased healthcare premiums on my small businesses and working middle-class families. Mr. Speaker, as I stand here today, there is a great sense of hope in Ken-tucky. My district voted overwhelm-ingly for Donald Trump and voted out of office six incumbent Democrat State representatives. My people expressed their displeasure at the polls, and for once they feel like their voices were heard and their votes mattered. I have heard my people’s cries. As a farmer, small-business owner, and par-ent of three small children, I have also felt their pain. Mr. Speaker, I pledge here today to work with my fellow freshmen col-leagues, the incoming Trump adminis-tration, and the leadership in Congress to make America great again. I am proud that in the first 2 weeks of this Congress we have passed bills to undo the regulatory damage that the Obama administration has done to our busi-nesses. In the coming weeks, I look for-ward to repealing the failing ObamaCare healthcare system and re-placing it with a market-driven healthcare fix. I am confident that I can play a role in working with the new administration to renegotiate our main trade deals to ensure that Amer-ican workers are on a level playing field. There is a better way to run Amer-ica. The assault on the private sector must end. The disregard and disrespect for conservative, pro-family values must end. The bloated Federal Govern-ment must shrink and Congress must regain control of our Federal Govern-ment away from unelected bureau-crats. That is the will of the people of Kentucky One. The voters spoke loudly on November 8. I look forward to working with my fellow freshmen colleagues to ensure that we improve our economy, abide by the Constitution, and restore the con-fidence of the American people. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank the gentleman. Those are exciting values. My dis-trict is one of the more rural agricul-tural districts. We are not far from At-lanta, but poultry is important to my district, and I appreciate him bringing those values to us. Mr. Speaker, our next speaker is B
RIAN MAST from Florida. I got to know B
RIAN when he was running for this office. I got to visit with him in his district as he was running. Let me just say that many times we talk about elections with campaign ads and speeches, and all of those kind of things that are very true, but it is also when a person connects with the people they are representing. When they con-nect with them in such a way that it sort of even transcends their ideolog-ical perspective. I remember a story that I want to tell. We were at a poll-ing precinct and we were holding signs. People were early voting. I remember one lady parked her car and got her young child out. She came up to B
RIAN and said: I am a Democrat; I am voting for other Democrats, but I am voting for you, and I wanted my daughter to meet you. When you make that kind of connec-tion, that is what makes America great. That is the kind of connection people need to have with their Federal Government. That is why the people’s House is such a special place to be, and the people’s House has a special Rep-resentative from Florida. I now yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST), representing Flor-ida’s 18th Congressional District. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for including me in this Special Order tonight and for yielding to me and for becoming a friend of mine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.115 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H457 January 12, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, it is with tremendous honor and humility that I rise to rep-resent the hardworking values of the 18th Congressional District of Florida, with communities like Palm Beach Gardens, home of the PGA tour; Stu-art, Florida, home to the U.S. Sailing Academy; Port St. Lucie, the spring training home of the New York Mets; and Fort Pierce, Florida, the home of the only Navy UDT-SEAL Museum in the entire country. It is an amazing place for anyone to go to. Before I go any further, I do want to—and I know I am joined by the rest of my freshmen colleagues, and prob-ably the entire body, when I say that our thoughts and our prayers have been with our new colleague, Mr. R
UTHER -
FORD from the Fourth District of Flor-ida, the sheriff as I call him. He is a friend and a patriot. I know that we are all praying for his speedy recovery. As I talk to people in my community, there is one issue that keeps them up at night more than any other issue, and that issue is the water quality in our area, or rather, the lack thereof. I can tell you, it is nonnegotiable. It is a nonnegotiable priority for me, that we allow the water in our community, water that used to be so blue that it looked like something out of a post-card, to once again become clean for this generation and for future genera-tions. When I was studying at Harvard, I studied the environment. I did very specific work in watershed infrastruc-ture. I can tell you, it doesn’t take an academic to know that these water-ways are irreplaceable treasures. They are central to the economy and the quality of life in our region. It is why most people I know make our 18th Dis-trict home, why they call it some place that they want to live for the rest of their life. It is the water and it is the weather. To tell you the truth, if you take the water away, the weather isn’t always that comfortable. Right now there is water being dis-charged from the center of our State, Lake Okeechobee into the Treasure Coast of Florida, destroying our com-munity, putting our people out of busi-ness, killing sea life, and making peo-ple sick. What makes our community so beautiful is literally being robbed from us, and this cannot continue. Our lagoon and our estuaries have to be re-stored. I will work endlessly to strengthen the partnership between our local, State, and Federal agencies to upgrade that infrastructure; not just talk about it, but actually get it done because this is life or death for the community that I represent. b1830 Mr. Speaker, if I sound heated over this, it is because I am heated over this. When I look back at history and see that the Panama Canal took less than a decade to build once the United States Government got involved, that the Hoover Dam was built and open in 5 years, as far as I can tell, construc-tion technology has only improved since the 1930s, but the infrastructure restoration surrounding Lake Okee-chobee and the Florida Everglades is taking decades. It is an absolute em-barrassment that the water infrastruc-ture projects in Florida are taking so long and at such a great social and eco-nomic cost to communities like my own. We can’t afford to wait any longer, and this will be my top pri-ority. Another issue that I hear about con-stantly is from people in our commu-nity talking about the role America’s weak foreign policy over the last 8 years has played in destabilizing the Middle East and making our country and communities—places like Fort Pierce, where the terrorist who at-tacked the Orlando nightclub lived, where he worshipped—making our country less safe. As a Member of Congress, I will work every day to provide the men and women of our armed services with the tools and the flexibility that they need to do their job and to come home alive. When I was serving in the Army, I had the honor to work alongside the best men and women that I have ever known. I worked as a bomb technician in our highest level of military special operations; and under the cover of darkness in Afghanistan, our job was to kill or capture the most menacing tar-gets each and every night that we could find. I witnessed firsthand the extremists that want to literally destroy our way of life. My scars and the scars of my fellow veterans and peers, they should be a continual reminder of the enemy that we are fighting and why the work that we are doing is so important. For me, on September 19, 2010, I found my last explosive device, and it wasn’t that much different from so many others that have claimed the lives of friends of mine. It was home-made explosives encapsulated in pieces of glass—nails, ball bearings, shrapnel that was meant to detonate whenever it was stepped on. Mr. Speaker, the people that put that bomb there, that manufactured that device, who have killed or wounded our bravest men and women, their goal is to wipe our country and our allies off the face of this Earth, to bring that same war to our hometowns as they have done in so many places already, places like New York and Boston and Chattanooga, San Bernardino, Fort Hood, and Orlando. Eight years of failed international leadership has created a vacuum of power that is being filled by ISIS and other terrorist groups. ISIS right now has more money, more land, more re-sources than al Qaeda did at 9/11. Sitting back and waiting for peace, that is not a strategy. Containment, that is not a strategy. We need an ag-gressive strategy to root out extrem-ists, eliminate any safe haven to pre-vent future attacks on the United States of America. I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, I am as well aware as anybody that defeating those who come against us out of a ha-tred, it comes at a cost. Friends of mine—too many friends of mine—have lost three or four limbs, have been blinded, have been covered on their en-tire body with burns, have had massive head trauma or some combination of all of the above injuries. Sadly, I am also aware of how often the VA fails these men and women, and I can tell you that it is not an option. We have to do better. We owe our vet-erans better than the care that they are getting right now. Improving care for our veterans, it starts with reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs. I strongly believe that the best way to do this is to give veterans the flexibility to choose any-time, anywhere medical care. The in-creased competition will force the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide a higher quality of care to our servicemen and -women. Beyond this, we have to eliminate the corruption and the incompetence at the Department of Veterans Affairs to reduce the claims backlog currently plaguing the VA hospitals across the country. These pending claims make it nearly impossible for the men and women who fought in places like Iwo Jima, the Chosin Reservoir, Saigon, Mogadishu, Kandahar, Mosul, and any other places to live their life, as they have to wait years for a decision from the Department of Veterans Affairs. Fixing these problems will ensure that the future generations of servicemen and -women are not burdened with the same challenges that today’s veterans are facing. In addition to physical health care, we have to do more to help veterans with mental health care. There is a stat that is thrown around all too often that there are more than 20 veterans a day who take their own life. I have known some of them. I could tell you how that is an unacceptable rate that far exceeds the average of the civilian population. But the fact is, to lose just one veteran from suicide is completely unacceptable. This is very personal to me. I have seen firsthand the impact that war can have on soldiers returning home, all of whom daily work through the trauma of having friends whom they are forced to remember who didn’t come home with them. Not a week goes by where I don’t get a call from someone who wants to talk about the fact that they want to step in front of a bus or go to sleep in their garage with the car running and never wake up. Often this call comes after a traumatizing experience that they have just had at the Department of Veterans Affairs. We need to be there for one another, and we need to be there for our vet-erans. I think often about something that President Kennedy once said. He said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.116 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH458 January 12, 2017 
The cost of freedom has always been high, but Americans have always been willing to pay that price. 
Our veterans, they do pay that price. They make tremendous personal sac-rifices. But just because they are al-ways going to be there and they are al-ways willing to make these sacrifices for our freedom, that doesn’t mean that we can take their service for granted, which is exactly what is hap-pening every single time one of our veterans is failed. I am committed to doing all that I can to increase mental health re-sources for our veterans and doing any-thing, whether that is legislatively or personally, to reduce veteran suicide rates. But we also have to do more to assist returning veterans in finding jobs and starting new careers once they do exit the military. I know that the men and women that I served with were among the most talented and hardworking men and women that I have ever met in this entire world. Veterans know what it is like to work in high-pressure situations, to be held to a standard of excellence. They know the stress of loading their body down with hundreds of pounds of equip-ment and trekking that across long distances, working together as a team. They know what it takes to go out there and get the job done, no matter what challenge is placed in front of them. And they know what it is to not just risk the bottom line, but to actu-ally go out there and put their own life on the line. Veterans are among the most quali-fied employees for any position. But veterans returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan, they face an unemploy-ment rate that is substantially higher than the national average. I am com-mitted to working with local busi-nesses and community leaders to dis-cuss ways to reverse this troubling trend, as well as supporting legislation that will help our veterans use the very unique skills and talents that they have developed for the rest of their life. Mr. Speaker, following my service in the U.S. Army, I made a very conscious choice to volunteer with the Israeli De-fense Forces because our countries share common ideals of freedom and democracy and mutual respect for all people, something that I know first-hand is not common in most of the Middle East. During my time in Israel, I served alongside soldiers driven by love for their fellow man rather than by hatred for their neighbors. I learned with each family that I got to know just how much each family truly desires peace with every neighbor of Israel, regard-less of their religion or their history with those countries. The same cannot be said of Israel’s enemies. For the United States, the choice is very clear: we either stand with a his-toric friend and ally who shares our values, or we cave to groups like the Palestinians or countries like Iran who represent everything that the United States is not. I have found that the most important time to stand for what is right is when it is the most difficult time to stand for what is right. This moment in his-tory is no different. We have to be proud of who we are, and we have to stand with those who stand with us and stand against any terrorist regime who seeks to threaten even one of us. Mr. Speaker, the last thing that I want to say tonight is simply that it is a tremendous honor to have the oppor-tunity to serve the people of Florida’s 18th Congressional District. I know very well that the office that I occupy, it doesn’t truly belong to me. It be-longs to those people. And the simple fact is that the status quo has not been good enough for them. Families across the country, they are hurting, and I know that we have a lot of work to do. I have laid out a number of priorities to help the 18th District and to strengthen our country, but I also know this: the problems Washington, D.C. is facing, they cannot just be fixed with bills and laws. One of the most important lessons that I ever learned in the military, that I ever learned in combat, was that inspiration matters. Military leaders that I had who displayed courage and valor and selflessness, they drew the exact same thing out of every single soldier that surrounded them. And that is my goal as I am here in the Halls of Congress, every day, that I work to, above all, inspire each peer that I have here, Republican and Democrat, to have courage and to make sure that their sense of duty is to America above anything else, and to make sure that we serve selflessly and, every day that we are given the honor to serve here, to make this country and our commu-nities that much better. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, as you can tell, the passion that this class brings is no more better ex-emplified than by our friend from Flor-ida (Mr. M
AST). We now go back north. All over this election, it was an election heard clear all over the country, from the north to the south, to the areas in between, from Georgia to California. We have new voices, fresh voices here, ones who come from business, who made their life helping others find the workforce skills, the development. That is what my friend, Mr. M
ITCH-
ELL, from Michigan’s 10th Congres-sional District, P
AUL MITCHELL has done. He has made that a process in his life, one that he wants to lead, and he wants to lead by helping others. There is no greater satisfaction than to watch somebody else that you have helped succeed, and he understands that. So he brings that desire to us to-night. He comes from the wonderful State of Michigan. He is a Spartan, Michigan State University. As he comes along tonight, we look forward to what P
AUL M
ITCHELL from Michigan’s 10th Con-gressional District is going to bring to us tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank the peo-ple of Michigan’s 10th Congressional District. I am honored to represent them and humbled by their trust in electing me to the 115th Congress. The weight of this office is not lost on me. As Majority Leader M
CCARTHY  said: 
If you walk on the floor of this House and you don’t get goosebumps, it’s time to go home. 
Standing here at this podium, I have goosebumps. People often ask me why I ran for Congress. Put simply, I ran with the goal of helping people achieve their American Dream. For too many, the idea of the American Dream is just that: an idea, a fantasy, a fairytale. I believe in the American Dream be-cause I have lived it. I was born in South Boston to a working class fam-ily. Opportunity took my family to Michigan when I was 11. My dad got a good job building trucks on the line at General Motors, and my mom worked at the Salvation Army. My parents worked hard to provide for me and my six younger siblings. I learned the value of hard work at a young age watching my parents. I was the first of my extended family to go to college and worked full-time to pay for my education; and then I dedicated my career to workforce training, helping people build the skills necessary to get good jobs to begin their careers to support their families. There is something about the pride that comes when someone gets a job. Their whole world changes when they see what they are able to achieve and what their work does for their families. Over the last several years, failed policies and an unstable economy have put the American Dream out of reach for many. Though overall unemploy-ment rates are down, long-term unem-ployment is high; labor force participa-tion rates have dropped dramatically, and wage growth is anemic. b1845 Instead of getting ahead, many Americans are just getting by. In the November elections, Ameri-cans screamed for relief. My message to the people of Michigan’s 10th Dis-trict is that your voices have been heard. We are already working here in the House on measures to roll back regulations to support families, busi-nesses, and the economy, and to breathe life back into the American Dream. In order to make it possible for more people to achieve their American Dream, we must give them the freedom and the tools to succeed. This begins by stemming the extreme regulatory overreach, fixing our healthcare sys-tem, and strengthening our workforce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.118 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H459 January 12, 2017 
while restoring our critical infrastruc-ture. As we have learned in the last 8 years, we cannot regulate our way to-wards a stronger economy. The oppo-site is true: government overreach cripples our economy. From my years of running a business, I have firsthand knowledge of how excessive regulations make it harder to succeed. Time and resources that could be better spent on growing a business and creating jobs are spent navigating a never-ending and confusing maze of Federal regula-tions. Many of those regulations have been imposed without a cost-benefit anal-ysis, placing costly burdens on families and businesses while providing little benefit. Regulators have exceeded their authority by placing undue burdens on those struggling to make the economy work. The House has already acted by pass-ing the REINS Act and the Midnight Rules Relief Act. Each of these meas-ures would put accountability where it rightly belongs: with the people’s elect-ed Representatives in Congress, not with unelected bureaucrats. We are also reforming health care in American to prevent further harm to families and businesses. Patients and doctors should be in charge of their health care, not the government. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed, pa-tient choice and access to care has de-clined while costs are ever increasing. Despite all of the promises, many people who had plans or doctors they liked could not keep them. Insurance carriers are forced to severely narrow their networks to combat cost. Our healthcare reform is a better way to increase accessibility and pa-tient choice, in addition to reducing cost. We will do that by allowing pur-chase of coverage across State lines, authorizing businesses and individuals to band together to increase pur-chasing power and negotiate prices, al-lowing health savings accounts, and ex-panding risk pools. Our plan focuses on putting power where it belongs: with the people, with the patients. Government overreach does not stop with our health care. I know that sur-prises you. The one-size-fits-all ap-proach to education legislation in re-cent years has failed America’s stu-dents. It is time to put parents and in-dividuals in control of their education and give them options that will best suit their needs. I am eager to advance solutions that will help students learn and be better equipped for future jobs, to create flexibility for working fami-lies and prepare the workforce for a modern economy. In addition to a strong workforce, our modern economy requires a robust infrastructure. It is essential that we protect and strengthen America’s in-frastructure to keep Americans safe and create jobs, and I plan to work with this House to do just that. There is much work to be done, but I stand ready to work with my col-leagues in the House and Senate to re-vise the American Dream. It is more than an idea. It should be more than a wish. I have lived it, and I want every young person in America to have the ability to pursue their American Dream. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for bringing that passion for helping others, for bringing that pas-sion to teach. I have always said that I believe that those who want to get involved in poli-tics and run for elected office, there are two things that they need to be a part of. Number one, they need to care for people deeply. They need to make sure that they have people at the first and foremost. They need to have alligator skin to let a lot of things roll off their back, but they also need to have a heart that cares. They also need to be willing to understand that our job in-volves teaching; and, Paul, I appreciate you sharing that. Our next speaker for the night, we share not only the privilege of serving the people’s House, but we also shared, up until just recently, a common pas-sion. We both served in the United States Air Force. General Bacon distin-guished himself in that regard, helping our airmen all across the world, doing so with integrity and doing so with a passion for this country that he will bring to this floor, and we are excited about that. He will take that passion for what is really the concerns of the world and be a part of it. When I saw that in the Ne-braska Home, when I went out there and was walking with him and seeing and listening to him talk, you could hear the desire to serve and to be a part of the wonderful heartland of America. I don’t believe, Mr. Speaker, they could have sent a better witness to not only blue proud Air Force values, but also American values. And, hopefully, as we continue, all will see the Ne-braska values shown in General D
ON B
ACON . With that, I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska’s Second Congressional District (Mr. B
ACON ). Mr. BACON. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding, and, Mr. Speaker, what an honor to be able to introduce myself as a freshman of the 115th Congress and serve with some great colleagues and freshmen. It is great to be called a freshman again. It has been a long time since I have been called a freshman. I am very honored to serve the Sec-ond District of Nebraska. It is one of three districts of the State that con-sists of a county-and-a-half around Omaha, and it is a great home, a great place to live. I was raised on a farm in a small town in Illinois, Momence, Illinois, a town of about 1,800. We had corn, soy-beans—I baled hay four times a year— beef cattle, and I did that until I was 21 years old. I know firsthand how hard our farmers work to make a living, and it is an honor to be able to serve on the Agriculture Committee to make a dif-ference there. I started serving in the Air Force back in 1985 as a 21-year-old, as a new-lywed. My wife and I had 16 assign-ments; four different continents we were located in, coast to coast, and a lot of places in the middle. I was very honored to be able to serve as a com-mander of five different units, to in-clude Ramstein Air Base in Germany. And there I got to see firsthand the im-portance of working with our allies and the importance of NATO, and I am going to take that experience with me. I was also honored to serve as the commander of Offutt Air Force Base near Omaha, Nebraska. I loved the mis-sions there. I loved the people. I had several different flying missions, a nu-clear mission there as well, and I look forward to being a strong voice for Offutt and our military community there. I was also able to deploy four times to the Middle East, and I look forward to using the experiences that I have learned to make sure that our men and women are equipped and trained to win. I also did missile defense in Israel. It was an honor to work with our Israeli friends. I look forward to being a strong voice to improve the friendship with our great ally Israel. Out of those 16 assignments, I did have three assignments at Offutt, and I will tell you that my wife, Angie, and I loved eastern Nebraska. The people are friendly. They have character. They love the military. And we are so blessed to be able to call it our home now, and so honored to be able to rep-resent the great people of the Second District. I will be serving on three different committees. I will be on the Armed Services Committee, the Agriculture Committee, and the Small Business Committee. I look forward to using my experiences to make a difference in all three. I am going to work my hardest on all three to make a difference. One thing I am certain of: when Americans are put on a level playing field, we win. When our businessmen and -women and when our farmers are put on a level playing field, we win. It has been our own government that has put our citizens at a disadvantage: high corporate taxes, regulations, our broken healthcare system. I am going to dedicate myself to fixing these be-cause we need to help our Nation get on this level playing field where we start prospering and succeeding once again. During my time at Congress, I look forward to doing the following and fo-cusing on the following goals: I want to reduce the burdensome reg-ulations. And we have had a great start in the 115th Congress. It is so exciting to see the great votes we have already taken. We have over 3,000 regulations, on average, that are put out by our agencies. And when you add up the cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.121 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH460 January 12, 2017 
of those from the past and those present, it adds up to almost $2 tril-lion, Mr. Speaker. That is almost 10 percent of our GDP, and it falls un-fairly on our small business commu-nity, our farmers, and we have got to do better. We need to reduce the cost of health care, and we are starting to work on that now. I look forward to being part of the solution. We need to ensure that folks have patient-centered health care that is supported by their doctors, not Federal bureaucrats running their health care where it is a one-size-fits- all approach. I am going to work hard to open up markets for farmers and ranchers. Ne-braska has such a great agriculture, farming, and ranching community. We are going to give them that oppor-tunity, and we are going to work hard to do it. I am going to work hard to reform a broken Tax Code. It is not right that our Nation has the highest corporate taxes, and it puts us at a disadvantage when we compete overseas and with our neighbors. We must fix that. I want to work hard to rebuild and restore our military’s readiness. It is hard to believe, Mr. Speaker, that our readiness is at the lowest level since post-Vietnam, and it is wrong. We have got to fix it. Finally, I want to work hard to re-store our allies’ faith in our Nation. Leading from behind has been a failure. I will close with this thought, and it is something that I communicated much during the campaign. Winning elections is not the goal, but it is a means to an end. Mr. Speaker, we are going to work hard in this Congress and I am going to be dedicated to working my hardest to deliver results for the American people and our district. It is about defending liberty. It is about ensuring that we have opportunity and prosperity for the next generations. It is about mak-ing sure that our Nation stays secure. I thank the gentleman again for this opportunity to introduce myself. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It is good to have the General here. It is going to be an interesting time. I know you are the last speaker here, but not the last of all of the freshmen. We are going to be doing this more in the coming weeks. But I just know as I watch tonight, it is the passion of your class coming in. I have watched you all as you have come and gone through orientation and done all of the things together and that there is a bond. I notice you come and sit together and you all talk together, and there is an understanding that you all come here for a purpose bigger than yourselves—and that is exciting to see. So I am excited to have you here. It is going to be a good year. Mr. Speaker, as we have introduced and talked about these new Members and they have allowed themselves to introduce themselves, one of the things that I wanted to do is just make sure, as we look ahead, we see folks who have made a place—they made a place in their communities; they made a place in their homes. As they look for-ward to serving here in this Congress, we are looking forward to having them here. Mr. Speaker, I want to take just a few moments to discuss something else, and that is, as we move forward and as we continue here, the majority, with these new freshmen and all com-ing in, are going to be fighting for what matters. It is sort of amazing to me now that, as we enter tomorrow and we take the first step toward repealing, really, what is a disastrous law, it is amazing now the cries of: Oh, what is going to be done? What are you doing now? But it didn’t seem to matter just a few years ago when they said: Here is what you are going to have. You are going to take it no matter what it does. You want your doctor? Keep him. That is a lie. You want to keep your health pro-vider? Keep him. Your insurance is fine. That is a lie. It is amazing now how some on the other side are just wanting to start yelling and saying: Oh, you have got to have a plan. Have a plan? Let’s remind the American people why we are here. The majority is here because of 6 years of poor decision-making. It started at the base and has gone up. And we are going to continue as this majority to put people first, those who get up every morning, who want a job, who want to be able to go to their job and to start businesses and start and use that intellectual capital so that they can continue to do those things without government inter-ference. I heard just the other day as I was here working on a rule, Mr. Speaker, I heard one of the speakers actually say that we should not put these burdens on government employees because it would make their jobs so much harder. Please, tell me where the voice is for the American worker out in the field every day just trying to make ends meet. It is in this majority. And we will continue to put forth policy that takes away the government overreach and puts it back where it belongs, and that is in the entrepreneurs, the moms, the dads, the kids, those who have a dream right now in a freshman English class or a science class, that have a dream that one day they will own their own business or go further. Mr. Speaker, let’s put this in perspec-tive. This majority is putting people first, and over the past 6 years, the American people have responded. It is now our time to act. People say, if you don’t have a plan, then you are not un-derstanding. This is friends and neigh-bors that elected us, and we will not fail in this moment. We have said what we are going to do. We are going to put people first in their businesses, in their jobs, and in their health care. When we do that, that is what makes America great. So tonight is the first night for let-ting our freshmen come, share their heart. We have heard their passion. We are going to continue to hear their pas-sion as new and more freshmen come. Mr. Speaker, you are part of that. There are many others that will be a part. I am looking forward to leading in our majority, putting people first, putting Americans first, and this coun-try is going to be the better for it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of our time. 
f 
b1900 CONGRESSIONAL PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS: THE TRUMP ADMINIS-TRATION NOMINEES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am here this evening rep-resenting the Congressional Progres-sive Caucus in this Special Order hour, and I will be joined by colleagues as we will examine what our future appears to look like as we plan for the transi-tion which is taking place. We are 8 days away from a new President and administration that continues to refuse to put Americans first and complicit with Republican-controlled Congress that will help them execute that mission. At 1 a.m. this morning, 51 Republican Senators voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act with no replacement. After 6 years of hollow grandstanding, Repub-licans now know that their plan to re-peal the ACA would dump massive costs on families, businesses, and the Federal budget. The facts are clear, Mr. Speaker. Republicans’ repeal of the ACA would result in the loss of 2.6 million jobs and more than 250 billion—that is billion, B—of gross State products in 2019 alone. Family budgets and State budg-ets alike would be rocked by the rever-berations of the repeal. And we cannot forget about our healthcare providers. The repeal of the ACA will crumble our critical healthcare infrastructure, decimating hospitals’ and healthcare systems’ ability to provide services, weaken local economies that hospitals help sustain and grow, and result in massive job losses of healthcare profes-sionals. While Republicans claim to champion reducing the deficit, OMB calculates that the Republican budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.122 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H461 January 12, 2017 
resolution and repealing of ACA would lead to significantly larger deficits in each year and add more than $2 trillion in debt over the next decade. Taking away 30 million Americans’ health care, blowing a hole in our budget, and saddling future genera-tions with debt is the height of irre-sponsibility. It is important to note that just 20 percent of Americans sup-port this repeal and delay plan. In fact, the American people want Congress to focus on raising wages and creating good-paying jobs for everyone everywhere in America. The American people want to be assured that their Federal Government is working for all of their interests. That is what I want to do as well. I stand ready to work with anyone who is serious about these priorities. Mr. Speaker, the nominees that this President-elect has put forth are fo-cused on everything but the true inter-ests of the American people. Maybe they are focused on the personal inter-ests of the President-elect. Today, the nominee to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Dr. Ben Carson, could not even promise that not one decision or dollar would go to benefit the President-elect or his family. This is a problem. Maybe they are focused on rolling back hard fought freedoms or protec-tions. Yesterday, New Jersey Senator C
ORY BOOKER reminded us that the nominee for the Attorney General, Senator J
EFFSESSIONS , has not dem-onstrated a commitment to the central requirement of the job, that is to ag-gressively pursue the congressional mandate of civil rights, equal rights, and justice for all. This, Mr. Speaker, is a problem. Perhaps maybe they are not even in-terested in siphoning money from chil-dren and public schools. Nominee Betsy DeVos, the nominee for the Secretary of Education, has made a career of ad-vocating for the shutdown of public schools and supporting legislation that has reduced oversight and account-ability in Michigan charter schools. Her life work is the very antithesis of everything that the Department of Education represents. This is a problem, and to speak to this problem I would like to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), who has experience in stand-ing up for public education for our chil-dren. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear colleague, B
ONNIE WATSON  C
OLEMAN , for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong opposition to the nomina-tion of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. To start, President-elect Trump’s nominee to lead our country’s education policy has absolutely no ex-perience in public schools: not as a teacher, not as a student, and not as a parent. That lack of experience makes her efforts to privatize public edu-cation particularly shameful. I was a public schoolteacher for more than 24 years—I taught high school— which means that I have spent at least 24 more years in a public school class-room than Betsy DeVos. If she actually stepped inside of a classroom in a pub-lic school, here is what she would find: she would find teachers who are giving everything they can, their passion, their time, and often their own money to give kids the best education pos-sible. She would find facilities in need of repair, classrooms in need of modern equipment, and programs in desperate need of funding. She would find stu-dents who deserve to receive an excep-tional education that will help them reach their potential. But Ms. DeVos has no interest in sup-porting America’s public education system. Instead, she will insert a profit motive into our children’s education that will cripple our public schools and punish the millions of children who at-tend them every day. The Obama ad-ministration pushed public schools on a race to the top. Betsy DeVos will cre-ate a race to the bottom line. The result of her work in Michigan serves as a warning to schools across America. By using her personal fortune to influence policy, Betsy DeVos engi-neered a massive influx of for-profit charter schools into the State of Michi-gan. Michigan taxpayers now hand for- profit charter schools $1 billion every year, and, in return, many of those schools underperform public schools while evading accountability. The opportunity that comes with a good education is what makes the American Dream possible for each new generation. If we abandon our public schools, we abandon the millions of children and parents who rely on them as a path to a brighter future. It is very simple. The Senate should not confirm a Secretary of Education who does not believe in public edu-cation. Senate Democrats and Repub-licans must send a clear message to parents, teachers, and students across the country that we stand by our pub-lic schools. I hope they will do so by re-jecting this nomination. I thank my dear colleague from the State of New Jersey. I appreciate this opportunity to let my views be known and to make a plea with our colleagues in the other house to do their duty and hold out for a Secretary of Education who actually believes in public education. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I want to thank my colleague for coming and taking the time and speaking on behalf of public education and students every-where. We talked about it before, and I am happy to announce that we will be working as part of the House Public Education Caucus and looking very closely at those issues that are being brought forth and those plans that are being offered. I know if you look at my district in my State of New Jersey, you see some of the finest public schools in the coun-try. At the same time, just 12 miles away, you see some of the most chal-lenging. I know in my district that, if Elizabeth DeVos would take a look at what is happening in my district, she would see schoolteachers anxious to teach but have textbooks in what is considered advanced placement classes that don’t even have the cover on the top of the book that those children are using. I know this because I have seen it for myself. So higher education is, indeed, that issue, that opportunity, that difference between living a life of poverty and being able to educate yourself and pre-pare yourself for a future that we must stand up for, and we will. I thank the gentleman for the time that he has given us. Mr. TAKANO. If I might join in a lit-tle more, I became a teacher—more than, wow, gosh, it must be 30 years ago now—having experienced the dis-parity in the public schools in the Bos-ton, Massachusetts, area; some days being a substitute teacher in Brook-line, Massachusetts, and other days being a substitute teacher in inner city Boston. The contrast between the wealthy Brookline School District and then the inner city Boston where you walk through a metal detector woke me up. And I really believed that if we did not address the achievement gap in our country, that if the American Dream of social economic mobility was only available to some and not all of our students, that our very democracy would be in jeopardy. It pains me to see from the incoming Trump administration such a super-ficial, extreme profit-driven notion of improving our schools. I wish that both President-elect and Betsy DeVos could see some of the great work that is being done at my schools in my con-gressional district where we have a teacher—I am blanking on his name, but he is responsible for one-fourth of all the Latinos in the State of Cali-fornia that score 4s and 5s on the phys-ics AP test. Remarkable work being done in a regular school that does not cherry-pick its students. It is a public school in the Val Verde Unified School District that is making remarkable strides. This work is not being looked at carefully, is being overlooked, and it is a shame that we have a nominee for Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, who has such a terrible history, who is committed to actually tearing down our public school system. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. By nomi-nating TOMPRICE as the Secretary of Health and Human Services, President- elect Trump will continue his assault on the health of Americans. The HHS nominee has made a career on lining the pockets of insurance companies at the expense of the sick, on behalf of the rich, and his unwavering support of cuts to Medicaid and Medicare are for-ever known. This signals yet another broken promise by the incoming President to pledge to leave the essential Federal programs alone, and he is doing the op-posite. This is, indeed, a problem. Defending the sanctity of American democracy is more important than any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.124 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH462 January 12, 2017 
partisan consideration. Yet, after re-ports of Russia’s attack on our democ-racy were confirmed, Rex Tillerson, nominee for Secretary of State, wouldn’t say if he would support sanc-tions against the country. In fact, Mr. Tillerson admitted that he had not yet spoken with the President-elect about the conflict. This is a huge problem, not the least of which is one whether or not we can believe it. I now yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a champion for all progressive needs and for all families. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey for yielding, but also for her tre-mendous leadership on so many issues, including as a champion for women and women’s health and reproductive health care, and also for this important discussion tonight. b1915 I just want to mention that I serve on the Budget Committee, and you mentioned a nominee, Congressman T
OMPRICE of Georgia, for Secretary of Health and Human Services. Once again, we see President-elect Donald Trump making recommendations of those individuals who want to dis-mantle the safety net and dismantle health care within the agencies that they are going to run. This is a very, very troubling development in terms of these cabinet appointee nominees. I note that—and many know—Presi-dent-elect Trump ran one of the most divisive and prejudiced campaigns that we have witnessed in modern history. Since winning the Presidency, he has nominated billionaires to serve in his cabinet, proving that he will govern just as he campaigned. Also, he has nominated individuals who want to dis-mantle, for the most part, the agencies that they will have jurisdiction over. Another example is his choice for Secretary of State, which Congress-woman W
ATSON COLEMAN mentioned, and that is Rex Tillerson. I serve on the State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee and under-stand the importance of our diplomatic initiatives, our USAID initiatives, and our efforts to really bring education and health care to the poorest of the poor around the world. Our Secretary of State serves as the Nation’s chief diplomat and represents America’s in-terests around the world. I have the op-portunity and the privilege to serve on the committee that funds the majority of these efforts. So the nomination of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson really troubles me. His extensive ties to the Kremlin raises the question: Whose interest will he represent? Our country cannot afford a Sec-retary of State who will place private corporate interests over the needs of the American people and our national security interests. His recent confirma-tion hearing revealed what we have known all along in Republican-con-trolled Washington, that cabinet offi-cials will cater to special interests, not to American families, based on the nominees that we have seen come for-ward. It is not just the Secretary of State we should be concerned about. Here at home, President-elect Trump has nom-inated cabinet officials that would turn back the clock on progress. His nomi-nation for Secretary of Labor, Andrew Puzder, is another millionaire CEO who benefits from an economy rigged against families struggling to make ends meet. He earns more than $1 mil-lion a year, but opposes a raise for low- wage workers earning just $15,000 a year. He says that food assistance pro-grams keep low-wage workers like those he employs at, I believe, Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s—he says that if low- wage workers apply for these food as-sistance programs, then the programs actually discourage work. There are millions of people who are working two jobs being paid minimum wage who need food assistance, who need food stamps, because they can’t survive in today’s economy. So the working, poor, low-income in-dividuals, should be very troubled by this appointment as Secretary of Labor, which is supposed to look out for the rights of working men and women. We need a Labor Secretary committed to helping working families and addressing the epidemic of poverty, not one who caters to the most afflu-ent. Also, by nominating Senator SES-
SIONS to lead the Justice Department, President-elect Donald Trump is mak-ing it clear that he will abandon our fundamental civil and human rights. Senator S
ESSIONS has a long history of opposing civil rights and equality. I am very proud of members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus for really setting forth his record and his history, such as laying out the fact that he was re-jected from serving as a Federal judge due to his blatantly racist comment. He forcefully degraded the LGBT com-munity, opposed the Violence Against Women Act, and violated the Voting Rights Act, calling it an intrusive piece of legislation. Clearly, someone who has publicly shown prejudice and intolerance is not qualified to serve as the chief law en-forcement for our civil rights laws. Once again, you see a nominee who really doesn’t believe in the values of liberty and justice for all, a person to head an agency that is supposed to be an agency that ensures the civil and human rights for all. Let me be clear, these nominations are a chilling indi-cation of how a Trump administration intends to govern. Our Nation has made tremendous progress in the fight to protect, pre-serve, and expand civil rights, civil lib-erties, and human rights for all Ameri-cans. We will not allow a Trump ad-ministration to drag us back into the past. Finally, let me just say something that is troubling me tremendously at this point in our history. Our Nation prides itself on being a democracy. We actually promote democracy abroad through our democracy programs, which, of course, I have historically op-posed. The point I am trying to make and want to make clear is that this new administration, when you look at the majority of cabinet nominees, they are very, very wealthy and do not fun-damentally believe in a strong public sector and in many ways do not sup-port the mission of the cabinets they are actually asked to lead. Privatizing Medicare and other pub-lic sector programs that ensure that the most vulnerable have a safety net and an opportunity to live the Amer-ican Dream by privatizing these agen-cies is dangerous. It will lead to chaos. Private sector takeover of the govern-ment is dangerous and it erodes our public institutions that are required in a democracy. So, Congresswoman WATSON COLE-
MAN, I believe this is the dangerous, slippery slope that this administration has embarked upon, and we need to ex-pose every step of the way who these individuals are, their background, and we have to urge that they comply with the ethics requirement and submit their financial disclosure statements and all the required ethics forms so that the public will know who they are. We must be transparent and, of course, we would like for our President-elect to release his income taxes also. Again, we kind of see what is taking place now. We knew this during the campaign. I thought that we were going to see now more of an effort to unify the country, but, unfortunately, I think these nominees show us which direction, unfortunately, this new ad-ministration will take. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the Congresswoman. It is true. As we see the unfolding of some of the drama that is taking place, including that which affects us and is associated with Russia, it is even more important than ever that the President show us that he is not hiding anything regarding his re-lationships that potentially present a contradiction of his first and foremost responsibility to us and show us his tax returns. I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia very much for being here. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentle-woman from New Jersey for yielding, for hosting this Special Order, and for granting me this opportunity to speak. Since the first nomination was an-nounced by President-elect Trump’s transition team, phones in my office have been ringing off the hook; and not a day goes by when I do not hear from my neighbors, friends, and constituents of their angst, frustration, and dis-content. I share their anger and dread—that feeling of being punched in the gut—as name after name has been released. Each nomination from Presi-dent-elect Trump has put the fox in charge of the henhouse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.125 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H463 January 12, 2017 
We are not talking about simple dif-ferences in partisan ideology. We are talking about nominees who have de-voted much of their professional lives to undermining the small-d democratic institutions that are the foundation of our country. This new administration is so extreme that we cannot, in any good faith, give this President-elect the traditional deference to name a cabinet that represents his governing philosophy because the appointments show it to be a philosophy that seeks to corrupt, if not fully destroy, our in-stitutions, traditions, and values. Senator J
EFFSESSIONS , the nominee for Attorney General, was considered too racist to serve on the Federal bench by a Republican Senate, much less to head the Justice Department, and is someone who has so little re-spect for women’s rights he voted against the Violence Against Women Act and called Roe v. Wade a colossal mistake. Ben Carson, the nominee for HUD Secretary, said today in his confirma-tion hearing that he was against pro-tecting LGBT Americans from housing discrimination because protecting them from housing discrimination would be granting them extra rights, refusing to recognize that LGBT Amer-icans deserve equal rights. T
OMPRICE, the nominee for HHS Sec-retary, wants to eliminate Medicare and Medicaid as we know them, repeal the Affordable Care Act without a sec-ond thought for the millions of Ameri-cans who would lose coverage or would be subject to limits on preexisting con-ditions and would be subject to life-time and annual limits, and has so lit-tle understanding of women’s health that he insisted that not a single woman would lose access to contracep-tion if contraception coverage were eliminated. Betsy DeVos, the nominee for Edu-cation Secretary, advocated for years to move taxpayer dollars away from public schools and towards for-profit, private schools that would leave behind low-income students, minority stu-dents, and children with disabilities. Scott Pruitt, the nominee for EPA administrator, does not believe in cli-mate change and is so linked to the fossil fuel industry that he has sued the EPA a dozen times to block envi-ronmental regulations designed to pro-tect us from the effects of climate change. The list goes on and on, each more horrifying than the one before. These are not the values the majority of Americans voted for in November, and I don’t just mean because Hillary Clin-ton won the popular vote by 3 million. I cannot imagine that the voters who wanted to drain the swamp and voted for Mr. Trump for that purpose and have the needs of working people rep-resented are thrilled to see him name the wealthiest cabinet—with the great-est collection of Wall Street insiders— in American history. The fact is, President-elect Trump and the Republican Party do not have any mandate from the people to carry out the dystopian horror show this cab-inet presents. Rather than rubber stamping the most extreme cabinet I have seen in my 25 years in Wash-ington, the Senate should reject these extreme nominees, and then both Houses should do their constitutional duty to conduct oversight of the ad-ministration. I am ready to do that work. Over a month ago, along with my Democratic Judiciary Committee colleagues, I sent a letter to Chairman GOODLATTE ask-ing him to hold hearings on the con-flict of interest and ethics provisions that apply to the President of the United States. I have not heard a re-sponse. Every Democrat in this House signed on to the Protect Our Democ-racy Act, legislation to create an inde-pendent, bipartisan-appointed commis-sion to investigate Russian hacking in the 2016 election and to make rec-ommendations to ensure nothing like that happens again. It is interesting that not a single House Republican has joined us. I join my constituents and millions of Americans in wanting to know why Republicans are working so hard to protect President-elect Trump from having to answer questions about Rus-sian influence in this election. Why are Republicans working so hard to sup-port President-elect Trump’s extreme and out-of-touch cabinet? Why aren’t Republicans asking the same questions about how President-elect Trump will avoid conflicts of interest? I have served in this body for nearly 25 years. I have seen this body take on the big questions of our time—the role of government in the lives of everyday Americans, the threat of terrorism in the city I call home and around the country, the right of every American to marry whomever they love, the right of every American to vote free of intimidation, and the right of every American to make their own healthcare choices. I have seen us come through those battles bruised and bat-tered but stronger. That is why I refuse to despair. I refuse to put my head down and hide. I refuse to give up on America. I will stand here and fight for the country we all believe in. I will do everything in my power to represent the strong pro-gressive values of the men and women who sent me here. I will work with my colleagues here in the House and the Senate to stand united against any effort to undermine the rights we have fought so hard to achieve, whether it comes from the other end of the world or the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue. But if there is to be any check on this administration, congressional Re-publicans will need to join in that fight, and it starts with rejecting the shameful slate of nominees. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank my colleague for sharing his insights and his experience with us. We have a lot of work to do, and we are ready to do it. Mr. Speaker, in addition to those that my colleague has mentioned, I would like to bring attention to some of the other nominees that we should be considering here. b1930 We haven’t mentioned the Depart-ment of Energy and the nominee, Gov-ernor Rick Perry, who disregarded this agency so much that he couldn’t even remember that he wanted to eliminate it when he was running for President, or even Linda McMahon, who is the wife of a billionaire. It seems to me that this litany of nominees belongs to the millionaire-billionaire club. They know each other well, and the one thing that they are committed to is en-suring that their interests and the in-terests of this President-elect, in his private life, are advanced. I think that the people in this country need to un-derstand how troublesome this is. I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ), the co-chair of the Caucus on Black Women and Girls and a fighter for the rights of all working families and all vulnerable families. Ms. CLARKE of New York. I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Betsy DeVos as Sec-retary of Education. I know that my colleagues have been talking about their concerns with re-gard to the troubling nominations of Donald Trump, and I want to add my voice with respect to the Secretary of Education. About 90 percent of Americans—Re-publicans and Democrats alike—send their children to public schools; and as a proud graduate of the New York City public school system, I, myself, know firsthand of the importance of both pri-mary and secondary education as part of early childhood and young adult-hood. Most public schools in the United States are operated by the city, town, or county for the benefit of the public, and all of the resources that are allo-cated to public schools are used to sup-port the development of students and to prepare them for success in the 21st century. Mr. Speaker, I believe Betsy DeVos has a very different approach to edu-cation, and that is extremely clear. She and her family, over the years, have devoted millions of dollars to re-placing public schools in Michigan with charter schools, most of which have recorded test scores in reading and math that are well below the State average. Let me repeat that—most of which have recorded test scores in reading and math that are well below the State average. Recently, the Detroit Free Press re-leased an article that explained, while families in Detroit have the choice of many different charter schools, few of these choices actually offer a quality education. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that Betsy DeVos has used donations to pro-vide to Republicans in the Michigan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.127 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH464 January 12, 2017 
State Legislature to prevent State agencies from investigating as to whether charter schools are providing students with a comprehensive edu-cation that will prepare them for the future. I am alarmed that the system that was developed by Betsy DeVos, which allows for-profit corporations to operate charter schools, realigns those resources intended for schoolchildren into the pockets of shareholders—mak-ing a profit off the backs of children. Since 1959, the DeVos family has op-erated Amway, which is a business that has been labeled as a pyramid scheme— paying out millions of dollars in fines and cheating working families. We can-not allow Betsy DeVos the chance to extend those same basic principles used during her time at Amway to affect our education system—enriching wealthy investors at the expense of our chil-dren’s education. It is not a solution. It is a problem. I thank my colleague for giving me the time. I hope that the American people are watching very closely as to what is taking place here because, in-deed, it is a travesty. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank my friend and my colleague. Mr. Speaker, defending the sanctity of American democracy is more impor-tant than any partisan consideration. We are at a juncture at which we will experience a President-elect who has displayed breathtaking ignorance about the powers and the basic func-tions of government and who has iden-tified the nominees for these cabinet positions who, if confirmed, will dis-mantle equality, equity, and oppor-tunity at every turn, capped off by a Republican-controlled Congress that would rather make good on divisive rhetoric instead of working in the best interests of Americans. There is just so much at stake as we go forth in the next couple of weeks and as the President-elect identifies and puts forth his nominees. Whether it is in the Department of State or in the Department of Education or in En-ergy or in HUD or in Health and Human Services or in Justice or in the Environmental Protection Agency— where a nominee, as Attorney General, spends his time dismantling and liti-gating against the Environmental Pro-tection Agency—or whether it is Labor, where the Labor Secretary doesn’t seem to care about working in-dividuals and protecting workers’ rights, or whether it is an SBA admin-istrator who doesn’t have any idea what it is to be a part of a working class or a middle class, or whether it is even the Treasurer of the country, who comes from massive wealth and Big Business, each of these illustrations, in combination with there being the deci-sions already to dismantle—to take health care away from millions of fam-ilies, to create the loss of jobs as a re-sult of dismantling the Affordable Care Act without placing anything in its place—represent the dismantling of the democracy that we have fought so hard to sustain. If we are going to watch these serious attacks on the equality and oppor-tunity for all people, then we must make sure that the people in this coun-try see these things. I have a question for all of us to answer. As we look to-ward all of these issues, either individ-ually or collectively, at what point do we conclude with the question: Is what is happening in America un-American? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). Members are re-minded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President- elect or a sitting Senator. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee; Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, and the Congres-sional Voting Rights Caucus, I rise today to express my views regarding the more trou-bling nominations made by the President-Elect to fill the important Cabinet posts at the De-partments of Justice, Health and Human Serv-ices, and Energy. Let me begin with the nomination of U.S. Senator J
EFFERSON BEAUREGARD ‘‘JEFF’’ SES-
SIONS III of Alabama to be the next Attorney General of the United States. Mr. Speaker, those of us who oppose the nomination of Senator S
ESSIONS to be Attor-ney General owe a responsibility to the public to clear and forthright in stating the reasons they believe he should not be confirmed as the Attorney General of the United States. Many of the senator’s supporters, ranging from his Republican colleagues in the Senate to current and former staffers to home state friends and constituents, praise the senator for his modesty and courtesy and manners. The four-term senator and former state and federal prosecutor is, we are told, learned in the law, a person of deep faith, a good man who loves his family, his state, and his coun-try. We can, as the lawyers say, stipulate that these assertions are true. But that does not make him an appropriate and deserving candidate to be Attorney Gen-eral of the United States. And that is because the office of Attorney General and the Department of Justice he or she leads is different in a very fundamental way from every other Cabinet department. Unlike the Secretary of Transportation or Commerce or Education, or even the Sec-retary of Defense or State, the Attorney Gen-eral leads a department that is charged with administering the laws and enforcing the Con-stitutional guarantees and protections that di-rectly affect every American, all 320 million of us. To quote then-Senator J
OSEPH BIDEN during the 2001 confirmation hearing of Attorney General nominee John Ashcroft: ‘‘This Cabinet position is the single most unique position of any Cabinet office.’’ ‘‘For it’s the only one where the nominee or the Cabinet officer has an equally strong and stronger, quite frankly, responsibility to the American people as he does to the person who nominates him.’’ At that same confirmation hearing, Sen. D
ICKDURBIN of Illinois observed that ‘‘the at-torney general, more than any other Cabinet officer, is entrusted with protecting the civil rights of Americans.’’ The Attorney General is not the lawyer for the President; the Attorney General is the law-yer, and the Department of Justice the law firm, for the American people. That is why I agree so strongly with then- Senator BIDEN when he said in 2001: ‘‘[F]or the office of attorney general, first, the question is whether the attorney general is willing to vigorously enforce all the laws in the Constitution, even though he might have philo-sophical disagreements.’’ ‘‘[The second question is] whether he pos-sesses the standing and temperament that will permit the vast majority of the American peo-ple to believe that you can and will protect and enforce their individual rights.’’ Put another way, the U.S. Attorney General and Justice Department is not only the instru-ment of justice but also the living symbol of the Constitution’s promise of equal justice under law. Mr. Speaker, the nation’s greatest Attorney Generals conveyed this commitment to equal justice by their prior experience, their words and deed, and their character. Think Herbert Brownell, Attorney General for Republican President Eisenhower, who overaw the integration of Little Rock’s Central High School. Think Robert Jackson, Attorney General for Democratic President Franklin Roosevelt, who led the prosecution team at the Nazi War Crimes trial in Nuremburg, Germany. Think Robert F. Kennedy, for whom the Main Justice Building is named, bringing to bear the instruments of federal power to pro-tect Mississippi Freedom Riders and to stare down Governor George Wallace in the suc-cessful effort to integrate the University of Ala-bama. The nomination of Alabama Senator S
ES-
SIONS as Attorney General does not inspire the necessary confidence. As a U.S. Senator from Alabama, the state from which the infamous Supreme Court deci-sion in Shelby County v. Holder originated, Senator S
ESSIONS has failed to play a con-structive role in repairing the damage to voting rights caused by that decision. He was one of the leading opponents of the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. He is one of the Senate’s most hostile op-ponents of comprehensive immigration reform and was a principal architect of the draconian and incendiary immigration policy advocated by the President-Elect during the campaign. And his record in support of efforts to bring needed reform to the nation’s criminal justice system is virtually non-existent. In 1986, ten years before Senator S
ESSIONS  was elected to the Senate, he was rejected for a U.S. District Court judgeship in view of doc-umented incidents that revealed his lack of commitment to civil and voting rights, and to equal justice. And his Senate voting record and rhetoric has endeared him to white nationalist websites and organizations like Breitbart and Stormfront. As a U.S. attorney, Senator S
ESSIONS was the first federal prosecutor in the country to bring charges against civil rights activist for voter fraud. Senator S
ESSIONS charged the group with 29 counts of voter fraud, facing over 100 years in prison. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.129 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H465 January 12, 2017 
Senator S ESSIONS has repeatedly denied the disproportionate impact of voting restric-tions on minorities and has been a leader in the effort to undermine the protections of the Voting Rights Act. Senator S
ESSIONS has spoken out against the Voting Rights Act, calling it ‘‘a piece of in-trusive legislation.’’ Senator S
ESSIONS criticized Attorney Gen-eral Eric Holder for challenging state election laws, claiming they are necessary to fight voter fraud. However, evidence supports that voter fraud is almost nonexistent, with 31 confirmed cases out of more than 1 billion ballots cast. As Attorney General of the state of Ala-bama, Senator S
ESSIONS fought to continue practices that harmed schools predominantly attended by African-American students. Senator S
ESSIONS led the fight to uphold the state of Alabama’s inequitable school funding mechanism after it had been deemed uncon-stitutional by the Alabama circuit court. In the state of Alabama nearly a quarter of African-American students attend apartheid schools, meaning the school’s white popu-lation is less than one percent. Although Senator S
ESSIONS has publicly taken credit for desegregation efforts in the state of Alabama, there is no evidence of his participation in the desegregation of Alabama schools or any school desegregation lawsuits filed by then Attorney General S
ESSIONS . Mr. Speaker, The United States has been blessed to have been served as Attorney Gen-eral by such illustrious figures as Robert Jack-son, Robert Kennedy, Herbert Brownell, Ramsey Clark, Nicholas Katzenbach, Eric Holder, and Edward H. Levi. Nothing would do more to reassure the American people that the President-Elect is committed to unifying the nation than the nom-ination and appointment of a person to be At-torney General who has a record of cham-pioning and protecting, rather than opposing and undermining, the precious right to vote; the constitutionally guaranteed right of privacy, criminal justice reform, and support for reform of the nation’s immigration system so that it is fair and humane. Regrettably, Sen. J
EFF SESSIONS of Ala- bama is not that person and he should not be confirmed by the Senate to be the nation’s 84th Attorney General. 
f 
THE WALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is Thursday evening in the House of Rep-resentatives, and I continue to hear friends, fellow Members of the House, and reporters in anguish over the issue of a potential wall between the United States and Mexico; so I thought it was worth looking at some information about Mexico—our closest neighbor to the south. The data should be recent. They have got nearly 120 million peo-ple in Mexico. The gross domestic prod-uct is around 2.1 trillion in pesos. They have 2.1 percent growth—terrible. It is about like the Obama economy. The average income is around $17,000 per capita. Inflation is 4.0 percent. Yet, you look at the economics of Mexico in the world, and you think, wow. You look at their resources—ex-traordinary resources, just extraor-dinary resources. We know they have got hardworking people because we know, from the people of Mexico who have come to the United States, that people constantly indicate, gee, they are the best workers we have, these hardworking folks from Mexico. So you have got hardworking people in the nation of Mexico, and you have got incredible natural resources that have never been tapped—or not ade-quately tapped. We don’t even know the full potential—oil, gas, copper. There are all of these different min-erals that Mexico is supposed to have. You look at what people have done over the thousands of years—I mean, advanced civilizations. Why is Mexico not one of the top 10 or even top five economies in the world? It is listed 62nd in the world. They have got plenty of land. I can personally testify that they have some of the most beautiful terrain in the world—beautiful beaches, mountains, farming regions; just magnificent land, minerals, and hardworking people. Why is it 62nd in the world as an economy? That is an interesting question. It would seem to be because—from hearing people who have looked at Mexico and who have either tried to start a business there or who have looked at it to start a business there, to start manufacturing there—of course, there are many who have set up manufacturing shops down there, but they are easily persuaded out of it if they can find a more suitable place. The reason it is often easy to persuade people to set up shop somewhere else is because of the drug cartels, the corrup-tion that the drug cartels bring to Mexico. What is it the drug cartels are mak-ing billions of dollars off of that allow them to corrupt police departments? city governments? the Mexican border patrol? the Mexican military? Obviously, the people in all of the Mexican Government are not corrupt. I have met too many who want des-perately to make the nation of Mexico one of the greatest in the world, and it is possible that could happen but not so long as the drug cartels are, poten-tially, the most powerful entities in Mexico. I mean, they are right next to the United States. They really should be one of the top, at least 10—if not the top five or the top three or four— economies in the world, but they are nowhere close. Drug cartels, we have found—and we know—make money, particularly off shipping illegal drugs into the United States. They have made a fortune off of it. I have heard from friends of mine in Texas who are in the drug enforcement business, both Federal and State. When the U.S. Congress took action to make it more difficult to get SUDAFED, which is used in the cooking of sub-stances that are put together in order to create methamphetamine, that meth lab became much more rare, es-pecially in east Texas, where I live, where we have got lots of trees, woods—terrain where people can easily hide out, set up a lab, cook some meth-amphetamine, especially as developed during my time on the felony bench, where people in Texas learned how to cook methamphetamine, create meth-amphetamine with a cold cooking proc-ess that didn’t subject them to quite the danger and didn’t create quite the nasty smell that often got meth labs reported to the authorities. b1945 By drying up so many of the meth labs, we were told it is going to be a great day for America. We dry up the meth labs by making it tougher to get Sudafed because you have to ask, give your driver’s license, and you are re-stricted to a very limited amount of Sudafed. We were told that is going to dry up drugs. Methamphetamine is going to be a thing of the past. We will cut it to next to nothing. Well, it is true. It is not as wide-spread as it used to be, but I am told that more pure drugs with much more devastating results and much more ad-dictive are coming up from Mexico in greater numbers, greater quantities. It is even worse than it was when meth-amphetamine was being cooked be-cause of the purity of the substances and the addictive nature. Also, as a re-sult of drying up so much in the way of methamphetamine, we have much more of the heroin epidemic crossing America. Additional drugs have come from Mexico across our porous border that seems to have grown during the Obama administration dramatically. Why? Be-cause our border has really not par-ticularly been all that enforced. It turns out that it is not just other drugs that are coming across our bor-der. Since we have been able to elimi-nate so many meth labs, especially in Texas, we see stories like this one from Bob Price, January 5, ‘‘Feds Seize Nearly $7M in Meth At Texas Border.’’ That is a story about the seizure of methamphetamine at two inter-national border bridges in south Texas in 1 week. The Customs and Border Protection, CBP, that was assigned to the World Trade Center International Bridge in Laredo, this article reports how they had caught two drug traf-fickers with 200 pounds of crystal meth in one vehicle, and that was December 22, 2016. We also know that the border secu-rity under this administration has be-come just almost nonexistent. We had an article from January 12, today, from McAllen, from Fox News, entitled, ‘‘Cartels, Smugglers Exploit Border Wall Fears Ahead of Trump Presi-dency.’’ So apparently they are using this time before President Trump is sworn in next week to scare people into coming now. Bring your drugs now. Come illegally now into the U.S. before Trump becomes President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.050 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH466 January 12, 2017 
I guess it is a bit akin to Iran. After holding American hostages for over a year under Commander in Chief Jimmy Carter, became so scared of a tough, independent-minded Ronald Reagan coming into office, they let those hos-tages go on the very day he was sworn in. So they didn’t risk him taking mili-tary action against them. This is another story from Jessica Vaughan, January 2017, that reports that ‘‘ICE Deportations Hit 10–Year Low.’’ This is January 2017. DHS has hit a 10-year low in deportations. We see stories about how border con-trol is almost nonexistent on our southern border, stories that expecta-tion of amnesty is attracting immi-grants to our U.S. border. Here is another story from January 10 by Brittany Hughes, ‘‘Border Agents Catch Another Wave of Illegal Aliens From Cuba Amid Escalating Spike.’’ I have been told, when I am down there, they are seeing more and more Cubans coming across the Mexican border of all places. So the insecurity—not mentally—of the United States, but the actual inse-curity of the United States because of our vulnerability to people that hate us and drug cartels that want to make billions of dollars by hooking people on drugs that they will deliver, has reached insane levels. That is probably part of the reason that Donald Trump was elected President by an avalanche in the electoral college. If you look at the counties that voted for Hillary Clinton and you look at the counties that voted for Donald Trump, it becomes very clear that the Demo-cratic Party in the United States has basically become a fringe party. They won the fringes: West Coast, East Coast, part of Florida, part of the northeast, Chicago, Detroit, some of the northern cities, the southern valley of Texas. I mean, it is a fringe party. There are a few exceptions inside the country, but basically the rock-solid interior that the American people make up—in what some refer to as fly- over country in America—voted rather solidly for Donald Trump. Here are numbers from the CIA World Factbook on Mexico: Crude oil exports, a 2015 estimate, had 1.199 million barrels per day. Coun-try comparison to the world, 13. Crude oil imports, 11,110 barrels a day. Crude oil, proved reserves, 9.7 bil-lion barrels, and that is just proven re-serves. If you look at natural gas from a 2014 estimate, 44.37 billion cubic meters. That is supposed to be 19th in the world, but when you consider how pro-ductive they could become once they began fracking, using more advanced technology, then you find out that, wow, this is a nation—the nation of Mexico—that really should be one of the top 10 economies in the world. What is the excuse that it is not? It has hardworking people, natural re-sources that most of the world could only envy. Why is it not one of the top 10? We keep coming back to the drug cartels and the corruption that they have brought to Mexico and the bil-lions of dollars that are generated by the drug cartels. As we have talked about here in the House, the border patrolmen tell me— I have been there all night—there is not a single inch of the U.S.-Mexico border that is not controlled by one of the drug cartels and that nobody should cross the border unless they have paid the drug cartels, have the drug cartels’ permission. I have seen firsthand how it works. They will send a group across the river with coyotes in rafts when they are down on the Rio Grande. That keeps the Border Patrol busy. At another place, they send people with drugs. I have been there and seen their look-outs, climbed up on perches where they can watch. When the Border Patrol goes by, they know they won’t be back for a while, so they get surprised when I drive by in the middle of the night. They are all over the place around our southern border. They are making billions of dollars. Whoever came up with the business model for the drug cartels that you could make such mas-sive amounts of money bringing drugs illegally into the United States, it was really a business genius. But it would take a business fool in the United States to allow the kind of model that Mexico has set up for its drug business to even get a foothold in the United States. As I have mentioned, one of the Bor-der Patrol told me that the drug car-tels call the Department of Homeland Security their logistics. They bring their drug dealers. They bring their drug traffickers. They bring their pros-titutes. Unfortunately, girls are being forced, often, into drug trafficking or human trafficking, and they are going to be used as prostitutes to make money for the drug cartels. They send them across. As a border patrolman said, they send them across, and then DHS here in America becomes their logistics. We ship them wherever they want them to go in the United States. All they have to do oftentimes is just have—I have seen them—a Xerox copy of the address where they are supposed to go, and DHS puts them on the bus—sometimes flies them, but usually buses—and ships them off to a city where the drug cartels want them to set up shop. I have been there in the middle of the night when border patrolmen will ask how much they paid to be brought in illegally to the U.S. Some of the Span-ish speakers in our Border Patrol are really incredible as they drill down and get answers to their questions that are not always on the list that DHS tells them to get. ‘‘How much money did you pay?’’ They would say, ‘‘Well, you didn’t have $6,000, $7,000, $8,000. Where did you get that money?’’ ‘‘Well, I was able to get $1,000 from somebody in the U.S., $1,000 from some-body in Mexico or Guatemala.’’ ‘‘Well, what about the rest?’’ ‘‘They are going to let me pay that out after I am in the United States.’’ b2000 It becomes clear very quickly that, once again, this business model that the drug cartels have includes getting people in rafts where the Rio Grande River requires a raft, or just getting them across in unguarded areas, or areas where we need a wall and don’t have one, getting them across, and then getting DHS to send them to the city where they want to set up shop as drug traffickers, human traffickers. What a business model. You get the Federal Government of the United States to help you set up your business machine, your business model in the United States. They are shipping your employees around the country to dif-ferent cities. Yes, it is normally under the guise of: I have a relative there, here is the relative’s address. They are going to take care of me. Perhaps you get delayed and have to wait for an immigration judge that was appointed by Eric Holder to give you a notice to appear for a hearing 4 years later, a year, 2 years later, and then you can go on to the city where the drug cartels want you to finish paying off what you owe them for getting you into the United States. So to have a business model that re-quires your workers to pay you is ex-traordinary, but that is what drug car-tels are able to do when you have a willing Obama administration here in the United States that will help you set up your drug cartel mechanism here in the United States. That is what has been going on. In the meantime, back in Mexico, you generate so much money by having your workers pay you to work for you, and getting billions of dollars from the drugs that are sent into the United States, hooking people here in Amer-ica, making them reliant on and ad-dicted to drugs that destroy their lives. So basically the drug cartels get a two- for. They destroy the human infra-structure of the United States with poison that some would say, well, that is another name for illegal drugs. And then, in the meantime, you have got all of that money coming to you, and you use that money to buy off police. Thank God there are some stand-up po-lice in Mexico that can’t be bought. But if they go too strongly head to head with the drug cartels—we have seen the pictures—they can end up with their head on a pike as a message. We have had chiefs of police that were killed when they refused to kowtow to the drug cartels, and so the message becomes pretty clear. It seems to me that the biggest rea-son that Mexico—with extraordinary people and extraordinary natural re-sources, a beautiful, fantastic country, a location that is just incredibly ad-vantageous because they have got ship-ping that can go out on the West Coast like we do to the Pacific, shipping on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.131 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H467 January 12, 2017 
the East Coast into the Caribbean, the Gulf of Mexico, ready access to North American markets, ready access to South American market, what an op-portunistic location for Mexico. Yet, they struggle so far behind most na-tions, or so many nations in the world. Dozens and dozens, 60 or so, are before them because drug cartels have such a powerful part in Mexico itself. So there are many Americans, espe-cially friends of mine across the aisle here, who think it is an absolute out-rage to talk about building a wall be-tween the United States and Mexico. There are some Mexican officials that think it is an outrage to talk about building a wall between the United States and Mexico. Now, some of those Mexican officials think it is an outrage because they haven’t thought through the magnifi-cence that may arise in Mexico once we have secured the border between Mex-ico and the United States and we can slow the drug trafficking to a trickle. So the drug cartels will not be looking at billions of U.S. dollars; they will be looking at thousands; and if they are extremely powerful, maybe millions. But if we get that down to thousands, then the Mexican people will be able to have control without corruption, with-out massive pockets of corruption, without a drug cartel that can buy sol-diers, buy police, buy chiefs of police, and buy mayors. Again, thank God it is only a small part of Mexico, but it keeps Mexico suppressed from the great economic power that it could be. And the potential is all there. You build a wall, then you shut down the drug cartels. And when they only have thousands of dollars to bribe po-lice instead of millions or billions of dollars, then law and order will prevail and the drug cartels will not, and we will have the most extraordinary neighbor to our south all because we followed the example in Mending Wall, and we had a wall between us that we kept up, we took care of, we shut down, helped Mexico shut down the drug car-tels by being a good neighbor, enforc-ing the border, and the standard of liv-ing in Mexico spirals upwards through the sky. The power Mexico would have as a nation in any international orga-nization will be extraordinary, and the United States will reach an unparal-leled relationship as a neighbor. That is worth building a wall for. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
OPPOSING WAIVER FOR GENERAL MATTIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I am a marine, just like James Mattis. While I was a grunt and he was a general, we both fought in Iraq. He is a man of so-cial integrity and patriotism. War shows the character of military leaders. Marines who served under Mattis in Iraq speak in glowing terms about his strength, intelligence, and ability. Mr. Speaker, it is with sadness that I rise this evening to oppose legislation that would allow General Mattis to serve as our 26th Secretary of Defense. This might seem contradictory. It might appear partisan or unpatriotic. In fact, the opposite is true. My position is entirely straight-forward, Mr. Speaker. When it comes to something as basic as civilian con-trol of the military, I believe excep-tions should be granted for extraor-dinary circumstances, not extraor-dinary people. For more than half a century, re-cently retired military leaders have been barred from assuming the top post at the Pentagon. The Members of Con-gress who enshrined this prohibition in law had fresh memories of the Second World War. They are wary of a deco-rated general slipping off his uniform and immediately stepping into a civil-ian role. They were apprehensive about installing a Secretary of Defense who could be perceived as partial to one service over others. They are also wor-ried about whether the reputation of our military as a nonpartisan institu-tion would suffer if its most respected leaders could transition directly into political positions. The last time a recently retired mili-tary man, the great George Marshall, was permitted to lead the Pentagon, America was facing the prospect of a humiliating defeat in the Korean war. Even then, congressional leaders speci-fied that his waiver was a one-time ex-ception to the rule. While our country must confront an array of threats today, none of our na-tional security challenges remotely compares to a massive ground war in the Far East. Mr. Speaker, I understand that many of my colleagues are eager to grant this waiver because they greeted the announcement of Mattis’ appointment with a sigh of relief, a sigh of relief be-cause it meant Donald Trump had picked someone who is known to be competent and patriotic, and someone who doesn’t have a cozy relationship with the Russian Government. That is an understandable reaction, and we are all extremely confident that General Mattis will do a much better job than General Flynn or some of the other alternatives. We shouldn’t let Trump’s bad behav-ior and poor judgment compel Congress to lower the bar. If anything, we should raise the bar for Trump, not make ex-ceptions just because we are glad he didn’t go with someone like Flynn. Mr. Speaker, a simple set of rules and norms form the fabric of American de-mocracy. Since the founding of the Re-public, leaders of every party and polit-ical persuasion have upheld this basic framework. For generations, American leaders have placed principle before party. With remarkably few exceptions, Presidents from George Washington to Barack Obama have valued our institu-tions and our democracy more than private gain or personal advancement. Now, Mr. Speaker, we have a Presi-dent-elect who doesn’t think the rules should apply to him. We have a Presi-dent-elect who is brazenly breaking norms left and right. We have a Presi-dent-elect who promises to make America great again, but is dividing the country as never before. Here in the United States, we believe every American is entitled to equal justice under the law. But Donald Trump believes that a different set of rules should apply to him than apply to President Obama or President Bush or any of the other men who have held our highest office. Unlike his predecessors, Donald Trump has stubbornly refused to re-lease his tax returns. Unlike his prede-cessors, Donald Trump has irrespon-sibly meddled in our foreign relations throughout the transition. Unlike his predecessors, Trump has done nothing to diminish massive conflicts of inter-est stemming from his complex busi-ness dealings overseas. Yet, instead of applying a check on this pattern of reckless behavior, House Republicans have rolled over time and time again. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans won’t stand up to a President entering office with just a 37 percent approval rating because it is precisely that 37 percent of the public that scares them. In fact, that 37 percent has terrified them for 8 long years. It scared them into turning a blind eye to the racist birther con-spiracy theories. It scared them into shutting down the Federal Govern-ment. That 37 percent even scared them into risking a debt limit default which would have immediately trig-gered an unprecedented economic melt-down. Mr. Speaker, we need a President like Barack Obama who looks out for 100 percent of the American people. We need a President like Barack Obama who abides by 100 percent of the rules. We need a House majority that is will-ing to uphold its constitutional obliga-tions 100 percent of the time. Moving forward in this Congress, the power to check Donald Trump is in Re-publican hands and depends on Repub-lican votes, but they have been too scared, too cowed, and too unwilling to do what these tough times demand. If we, the Members of this great body, won’t stand up for the norms that have sustained this Republic for 238 years, then who will? General Mattis is a patriot, but now is the time for all of us in this Chamber to reiterate a basic truth in a democ-racy—rules matter. They shouldn’t be discarded at the first sign of difficulty. They shouldn’t be undercut by waivers. Important precedents must be upheld in good times and bad. This is America, Mr. Speaker, not some banana republic where the incom-ing strongman gets to rewrite the rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.133 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH468 January 12, 2017 
book. Our principles are enduring. Our values are timeless. For more than two centuries, our commitment to the rule of law has been unshakable. That is why we should reject this waiver. That is why we must hold Donald Trump to the same high standards as all of the 43 Presidents who came before him. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 15 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2027 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana) at 8 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. CON. RES. 3, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 84, PROVIDING FOR EXCEP-TION TO LIMITATION AGAINST APPOINTMENT OF PERSONS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WITH-IN SEVEN YEARS OF RELIEF FROM ACTIVE DUTY Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–4) on the resolution (H. Res. 48) providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 3) setting forth the congressional budg-et for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (S. 84) to provide for an exception to a lim-itation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. R
UTHERFORD (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of med-ical reasons. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, January 13, 2017, at 9 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
167. A letter from the Administrator, Agri-cultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting the Department’s interim rule — Re-visions to Inspection Application Require-ments [Docket No.: AMS-SC-16-0063] received January 10, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 168. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Regulatory Capital Rules: Implemen-tation of Capital Requirements for Global Systemically Important Bank Holding Com-panies [Docket No.: R-1535] (RIN: 7100 AE-49) received January 10, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 169. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Office of Fossil Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve Annual Report for Calendar Year 2014’’, in accordance with Sec. 165 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6245); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 170. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification that effective No-vember 27, 2016, the following qualified for Danger Pay: Philippines: Mindanao Regions with Mindanao; Autonomous Region of Mus-lim Mindanao; Zamboanga Peninsula; North-ern Mindanao; Davao Region; Soccsksargen Caraga at 25 percent; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 171. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification that effective No-vember 27, 2016, the following posts no longer qualified for Danger Pay: N’Djamena, Chad; Nairobi, Kenya; Abuja, Nigeria; and Khar-toum, Sudan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 172. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Update to Incorporate FOIA Im-provement Act of 2016 Requirements [NRC- 2016-0171] (RIN: 3150-AJ84) received January 10, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 173. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — General Services Administration Acquisition Regula-tion (GSAR); Fair Opportunity Complaints on GSA Contracts [Change 81; GSAR Case 2015-G513; Docket No.: 2016-0021; Sequence No. 1] (RIN: 3090-AJ79) received January 10, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 174. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General and the Management Re-sponse for the period of April 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016, pursuant to Sec. 5, Public Law 95-452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 175. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Department’s Uniformed and Over-seas Citizens Absentee Voting Act Annual Report to Congress for 2016, pursuant to 52 U.S.C. 20307(b); Public Law 99-410, Sec. 105 (as amended by Public Law 111-84, Sec. 587(2)); (123 Stat. 2333); to the Committee on House Administration. 176. A letter from the Division Chief, Bu-reau of Land Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final order — Onshore Oil and Gas Oper-ations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Onshore Oil and Gas Order Number 1, Approval of Operations [WO-300- L13100000.PP0000] (RIN: 1004-AE37) received January 10, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 177. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Department’s seventh annual report regarding compliance of federal departments and agencies with providing relevant infor-mation to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 922 note; Public Law 103-159, Sec. 103(e)(1)(E) (as added by Public Law 110-180, Sec. 101(a)); (121 Stat. 2561); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 178. A letter from the Federal Liaison Offi-cer, Patent and Trademark Office, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Changes in Requirements for Affidavits or Declarations of Use, Contin-ued Use, or Excusable Nonuse in Trademark Cases [Docket No.: PTO-T-2016-0002] (RIN: 0651-AD07) received January 10, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 179. A letter from the Chair, NASA Aero-space Safety Advisory Panel, transmitting the NASA Aerospace Safety Advisory Pan-el’s Annual Report for 2016 to Congress and to the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 48. Resolution providing for consideration of the concurrent resolu-tion (S. Con. Res. 3) setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 84) to provide for an exception to a limitation against appoint-ment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces (Rept. 115–094). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 462. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to include guidance documents in the congressional review process of agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.134 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H469 January 12, 2017 
rulemaking; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. C
HABOT ): H.R. 463. A bill to prohibit United States Government recognition of Russia’s annex-ation of Crimea; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H.R. 464. A bill to permit the televising of Supreme Court proceedings; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself and Mr. C
HABOT ): H.R. 465. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for an inte-grated planning and permitting process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): H.R. 466. A bill to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 relating to determinations with respect to efforts of for-eign countries to reduce demand for com-mercial sex acts under the minimum stand-ards for the elimination of trafficking; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 467. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs complies with requirements relating to scheduling veterans for health care appoint-ments, to improve the uniform application of directives of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ): H.R. 468. A bill to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 to impose penalties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and dam-ages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARR, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. C
RAMER ): H.R. 469. A bill to impose certain limita-tions on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accord-ance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM ): H.R. 470. A bill to establish minimum standards of fair conduct in franchise sales and franchise business relationships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM ): H.R. 471. A bill to establish minimum standards of disclosure by franchises whose franchisees use loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. M
OULTON , Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. H UN-
TER, Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. R
OHRABACHER ): H.R. 472. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to better protect persons with disabil-ities and communities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ISSA (for himself and Mr. C
OFF-
MAN): H.R. 473. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide that if the head of the agency managing Federal property ob-jects to the inclusion of certain property on the National Register or its designation as a National Historic Landmark for reasons of national security, the Federal property shall be neither included nor designated until the objection is withdrawn, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
AWAY , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C AR-
TER of Texas, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. N EAL, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota): H.R. 474. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts for the storage of certain high-level radio-active waste and spent nuclear fuel, take title to certain high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, and make certain ex-penditures from the Nuclear Waste Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. A
BRA-
HAM, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska, and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 475. A bill to designate the exclusive economic zone of the United States as the ‘‘Ronald Wilson Reagan Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States’’; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 476. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the emergency hos-pital care furnished by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to certain veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HUIZENGA (for himself, Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York): H.R. 477. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to exempt from registra-tion brokers performing services in connec-tion with the transfer of ownership of small-er privately held companies; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 478. A bill to require the imposition of sanctions against Iran’s Islamic Revolu-tionary Guard Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 479. A bill to require a report on the designation of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 480. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow qualified scholar-ship funding corporations to access tax-ex-empt financing for alternative private stu-dent loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 481. A bill to amend the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 to authorize assignment to States of Federal agency envi-ronmental review responsibilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 482. A bill to nullify certain regula-tions and notices of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 483. A bill to amend title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit the provision of funds under such title to institu-tions of higher education that violate the immigration laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself and Ms. S
LAUGHTER ): H.R. 484. A bill to amend the Lobbying Dis-closure Act of 1995 and the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 to restrict the lob-bying activities of former political ap-pointees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. M
AX-
INEWATERS of California, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. E
LLISON ): H.R. 485. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to require Federal Reserve banks to interview at least one individual reflec-tive of gender diversity and one individual reflective of racial or ethnic diversity when appointing Federal Reserve bank presidents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona): H.R. 486. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to detain any alien who is unlawfully present in the United States and is arrested for certain criminal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. A
MASH ): H.R. 487. A bill to prohibit the Central In-telligence Agency from using an unmanned aerial vehicle to carry out a weapons strike or other deliberately lethal action and to transfer the authority to conduct such strikes or lethal action to the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JA7.100 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH470 January 12, 2017 
Defense; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H
URD, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. S OTO, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. T URNER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. R
USSELL ): H.R. 488. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or certification required by reason of a permanent change in the duty station of such member to another State; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 489. A bill to prohibit the collection of information and the establishment or utili-zation of a registry for the purposes of classifying or surveilling certain United States persons and other individuals on the basis of religious affiliation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona): H.R. 490. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit abortion in cases where a fetal heartbeat is detectable; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 491. A bill to provide for the repay-ment of amounts borrowed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from the Treasury of the United States, together with interest, over a 30-year period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 492. A bill to ensure that any author-ity of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund to borrow amounts from the Treasury is used only to pay mortgage insurance claims; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. L
YNCH , and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 493. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to require certain systemically im-portant entities to account for the financial benefit they receive as a result of the expec-tations on the part of shareholders, credi-tors, and counterparties of such entities that the Government will shield them from losses in the event of failure, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. F ER-
GUSON , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. W
OODALL ): H.R. 494. A bill to expand the boundary of Fort Frederica National Monument in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 495. A bill to amend the William Wil-berforce Trafficking Victims Protection Re-authorization Act of 2008 to provide for the expedited removal of unaccompanied alien children who are not victims of a severe form of trafficking in persons and who do not have a fear of returning to their country of na-tionality or last habitual residence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 496. A bill to provide provisional pro-tected presence to qualified individuals who came to the United States as children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COOK (for himself and Mr. A
GUILAR ): H.R. 497. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain ex-changed non-public lands, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 498. A bill to authorize the expor-tation of consumer communication devices to Cuba and the provision of telecommuni-cations services to Cuba, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 499. A bill to require members of Con-gress and congressional staff to abide by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act with respect to health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on House Admin-istration, Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS (for himself, Mrs. B
LACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. K USTOFF of Ten-nessee, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 500. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come any discharge of indebtedness income on education loans of deceased or disabled veterans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. WALBERG ): H.R. 501. A bill to require increased report-ing regarding certain surgeries scheduled at medical facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself and Mr. M
EEHAN ): H.R. 502. A bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LABRADOR: H.R. 503. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for an additional judge for the district of Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 504. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to require that the POW/MIA flag be displayed on all days that the flag of the United States is displayed on certain Federal property; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H URD, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama): H.R. 505. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to strengthen account-ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida (for himself and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H.R. 506. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 507. A bill to require zero-based budg-eting for departments and agencies of the Government; to the Committee on the Budg-et. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C LAY, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. V ELA, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K EATING , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. E VANS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. C APUANO , Ms. E
STY, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JA7.100 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H471 January 12, 2017 
Mr. H ECK, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
ORREA , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT ): H.R. 508. A bill to expand Medicare cov-erage to include eyeglasses, hearing aids, and dental care; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 509. A bill to abolish the Bureau of Al-cohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, transfer its functions relating to the Federal firearms, explosives, and arson laws, violent crime, and domestic terrorism to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and transfer its functions relating to the Federal alcohol and tobacco smuggling laws to the Drug Enforce-ment Administration, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K IND, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P
EARCE , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H.R. 510. A bill to establish a system for in-tegration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis back-log; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 511. A bill to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No- Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or sur-veillance systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. M
AST, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B ACON , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. E MMER , Mr. R
EED, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. B ERA, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. L EE, Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R
USH, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ARR, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. W
ILSON of South Caro-lina, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. C RIST, Mr. F ASO, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. H URD, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. C OMER , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B OST, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. I SSA, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. D ESANTIS , and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 512. A bill to title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 513. A bill to provide for the exchange of certain National Forest System land and non-Federal land in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mrs. W
AGNER ): H.J. Res. 27. A joint resolution dis-approving the action of the District of Co-lumbia Council in approving the Death with Dignity Act of 2016; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-self and Mr. W
ALZ): H. Res. 46. A resolution recognizing the in-creased risk of sleep apnea among soldiers returning from active duty and the benefits of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy on treating obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in soldiers suffering from Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD); to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. W
ESTERMAN ): H. Res. 47. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives re-specting budget-related points of order; to the Committee on Rules. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. R
USH, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. L OWEY , and Ms. T
SONGAS ): H. Res. 49. A resolution recognizing the an-niversary of the tragic earthquake in Haiti on January 12, 2010, honoring those who lost their lives in the earthquake and in Hurri-cane Matthew in October 2016, and express-ing continued solidarity with the Haitian people; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia): H. Res. 50. A resolution recognizing the historical importance of Associate Justice Clarence Thomas; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 462. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exer-cise of those powers when delegated by Con-gress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 to 17, of the United States Con-stitution; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power grant-ed to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the au-thority delineated in Article I, Section I, which includes an implied power for the Con-gress to regulate the conduct of the United States with respect to foreign affairs. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ‘‘necessary and proper’’ clause of Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. GIBBS: H.R. 465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JA7.100 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH472 January 12, 2017 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the sev-eral States). By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Commercial Activity Regulation By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, including, but not limited to, Clauses 1, 3, and 18, and Arti-cle III of the United States Constitution, Section 2. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 470. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and 3. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 471. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and 3. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to regulate commerce among the sev-eral states; Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution which empowers Con-gress ‘‘To . . . provide for the common defence [sic] and general Welfare of the United States;’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 11 through 16 which give Congress additional authorities to ensure the national security of the United States; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, which em-powers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3: to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several state, and with the Indian tribes By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 475. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV Section III: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all need-ful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States.’ By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 476. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof). By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 480. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 481. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 482. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 affords Con-gress the power to legislate on this matter. The executive branch, through the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), has misinterpreted its authority under the Fair Housing Act of 1968, as dem-onstrated in its Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Rule. Two cases before the United States Supreme Court—Magner v. Gallagher and Mount Holly v. Mount Holly Gardens Citizens in Action—were settled less than a month before the Court entertained oral arguments. The plaintiffs were con-cerned that their challenges would not be af-firmed by the Court. The Court is currently considering a case, Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs v. The In-clusive Communities Project, which may set a precedent for the issue of ‘‘disparate im-pact.’’ Regardless, Congress has the legisla-tive authority to address the Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule head on and prevent that rule, or any substantially simi-lar successor rule. Section 3 of this bill is authorized through clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States (the appro-priation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ Section 4 of the bill promotes a core com-ponent of our republic known as federalism. It requires the executive branch, through HUD, to consult with State and local offi-cials to further the purposes and policies of the Fair Housing Act. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 483. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 484. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 485. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, The Com-merce Clause. The Congress shall have the power to regu-late Commerce with Foreign Nations and among the several States. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 486. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 enumerated powers. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 487. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section VIII, Clause 1, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States . . .’’ In addition, Article I, Section VIII, Clause 14 provides, ‘‘To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ Lastly, Article I, Section VIII, Clause 16 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To provide for organizing, arm-ing, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be em-ployed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Ap-pointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the dis-cipline prescribed by Congress.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 488. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 489. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 490. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has authority to extend protec-tion to unborn children with a detectable heartbeat under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protec-tion, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.051 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H473 January 12, 2017 
By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 491. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 492. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 493. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 494. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 495. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: To establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-tion, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; Article I Section 8, Clause 10: To define and punish piracies and felonies committed on the high seas, and offenses against the law of nations; By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 496. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to establish an uniform rule of naturalization.’’ By Mr. COOK: H.R. 497. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 498. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 1, Article 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 499. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution and Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the United States Consitution. By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS: H.R. 500. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 501. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 502. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. LABRADOR: H.R. 503. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 9 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution—The Congress shall have the Power to constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 504. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United States Constitution This states that ‘‘Congress shall have power to . . . lay and collect taces, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 505. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Flor-ida: H.R. 506. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power To . . . regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Title I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.J. Res. 27. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 35: Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 38: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B UR-
GESS, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
ITCHELL , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 41: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 60: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. A
GUILAR , and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H.R. 146: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 241: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 246: Mr. D
UNN, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. R OYCE of Cali- fornia, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. P
AULSEN , and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 277: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 300: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 303: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 305: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. S
CHIFF , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 331: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 332: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 350: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P ETER -
SON. H.R. 355: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L
AMALFA , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 367: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. F RANKS of Ari- zona, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. B
UDD, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. R OGERS of Ken- tucky, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 377: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 382: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 390: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 391: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 392: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 407: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 426: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 433: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 440: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 442: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 448: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.J. Res. 11: Mr. K
INZINGER and Mr. W
OMACK . H. Res. 31: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.054 H12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S297 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 2017 No. 8 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12:30 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
AMES  L
ANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, in these challenging days, our hearts are steadfast toward You. Lift from our lawmakers all dis-couragement, cynicism, and mistrust. Lead them safely to the refuge of Your choosing, for You desire to give them a future and a hope. Lord, give our Senators the power to do Your will, as they more fully realize that they are servants of Heaven and stewards of Your mysteries. Provide them with the wisdom to make faith the litmus test by which they evaluate each action, as they refuse to deviate from the path of integrity. Lord, keep them from being careless about their spiritual and moral growth, as You give them the courage and the grace to fulfill Your purposes. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 12, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
AMES LANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. LANKFORD thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
OBAMACARE REPEAL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate just passed the legislative tools needed to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This is a critical step for-ward—the first step toward bringing relief from this failed law. The resolu-tion now goes to the House. They will take it up soon. The next step will then be the legislation to finally repeal ObamaCare and move us toward smart-er health policies. The repeal legislation will include a stable transition period as we work to-ward patient-centered health care. We plan to take on the replace challenge in manageable pieces with step-by-step reforms. We can begin to make impor-tant progress within that repeal legis-lation, and we will continue to work with the incoming administration and the House in developing what comes next. There are other steps we can take as well, including important administra-tive steps like confirming T
OMPRICE as Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices and Seema Verma as CMS Admin-istrator. They can start stabilizing the health insurance markets that ObamaCare has thrown into turmoil, and they can start bringing relief to the American people. There is a lot they can do. There is lot we can do. We may not be responsible for ObamaCare and the harm it has done to so many, but we have been clear about our commitment to bringing relief from it. From sky-rocketing premiums and deductibles to dwindling options on the exchanges, too many families don’t know how they will continue to endure the con-sequences associated with ObamaCare. These families have called for a helping hand. They have called for Congress to listen to their concerns, and they have called for us to finally build a bridge away from ObamaCare and toward health policies that put them first. We just took a decisive step toward that goal last night. Repealing and replacing ObamaCare is a big challenge. It isn’t going to be easy. Nonetheless, we are committed to fulfilling our promise to the American people—and we will. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF REX TILLERSON Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I came to the floor yesterday to voice my serious concerns with some of the remarks made by the Secretary of State nominee, Rex Tillerson, in his hearing. I was worried that his milquetoast posture toward Russia, especially his failure to support strong U.S. sanc-tions—existing or proposed—bespoke a fundamental misreading of the geo-political climate and the true nature of our international security challenges. I was worried that, as Secretary of State, he only promised to recuse him-self from matters involving Exxon for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.000 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES298 January 12, 2017 
period of 12 months. Exxon’s interests overseas aren’t going away after 1 year. That is not good enough to re-solve what is, potentially, a massive conflict of interest. I am worried that Mr. Tillerson, as CEO and chairman of ExxonMobil, con-ducted business with all three foreign state sponsors of terrorism through a foreign subsidiary in a way that al-lowed Exxon to evade U.S. sanctions. As the head of Exxon, Mr. Tillerson did business with the terrorism trifecta: Iran, Syria, and Sudan. This raises se-rious questions that the man who is nominated to be the face of the United States to the world has so much experi-ence doing business with our most prominent and concerning adversaries. At the hearing, under questions from the senior Senator from New Jersey and the Senator from Oregon, Mr. Tillerson denied having knowledge of these dealings and directed the Sen-ators to seek more information from ExxonMobil itself. Three times he told the committee that he ‘‘did not recall’’ any of the details. Throughout the afternoon, it sounded like he was fol-lowing the dodgeball rules for con-firmation hearings: Dodge, dip, duck, dive, and dodge. In fact, he basically admitted it to the junior Senator from Virginia. I just read in the Washington Post that, on three separate occasions, the SEC, or the Securities and Exchange Commission, wrote letters directed to Mr. Tillerson himself seeking more in-formation on these undisclosed deal-ings during his tenure as CEO and chairman—once on January 6, 2006, once on May 4, 2006, and again on De-cember 1, 2010. In general, I like to give people the benefit of the doubt. But it gives me great concern that Mr. Tillerson says he has zero recollection of an SEC in-quiry into his company’s business deal-ings with foreign state sponsors of ter-rorism—real concern. He got three let-ters from the SEC on a matter of major, major importance that would concern the whole corporation—the giant ExxonMobil—and he says he doesn’t recall. This is the kind of mat-ter that should be handled and ap-proved by an organization’s most sen-ior leader. Mr. Tillerson presents himself as a hands-on manager. It defies credibility to believe he doesn’t recall. This is ex-traordinarily troubling because either one of two things is true. Either Mr. Tillerson was aware of these SEC let-ters and was familiar with these deal-ings but didn’t want to answer the questions honestly, or, indeed, he had no knowledge of consequential finan-cial disclosures made by his own com-pany. If we consider that, in concert with all the other things he claimed to have ‘‘no knowledge of’’—including the widely reported extrajudicial killings in the Philippines, whether or not Saudi Arabia was a human rights viola-tor—imagine, he had no knowledge of whether Saudi Arabia was a human rights violator; people in a fifth grade world history class would know that— whether or not his company was en-gaged in lobbying against, or perhaps for, energy sanctions—then maybe Mr. Tillerson does not have the necessary management skills or knowledge base to be the chief diplomat of the United States of America, running a Depart-ment that is obviously worldwide, far-flung, and with thousands and thou-sands and thousands of employees. Simply put, we need answers. What did Mr. Tillerson know and when did he know it? The American people expect their Secretary of State to be straight-forward and honest with them—not coy, not dissembling. Most impor-tantly, they expect him or her to have the interests of the American people and our friends and allies around the world at the forefront of their mind. Unfortunately for Mr. Tillerson, and for this country, yesterday’s hearings and today’s reports raise more ques-tions than answers. The American peo-ple deserve answers. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Democratic whip. 
f 
DACA AND BRIDGE ACT Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in 8 days, just a short distance from this Senate Chamber, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. On that date, January 20, 2017, the fate of more than 750,000 young American immigrants will hang in the balance. They will be waiting to learn if they have a place in America’s future or whether they will lose their legal status to stay in the United States. For many of them, it is a pe-riod of the highest anxiety, wondering what is going to happen next. It was 7 years ago that I sent a letter to President Obama. I had introduced the DREAM Act, which said that if you were brought to America as a child, an infant, or an adolescent, lived here all your life, went to school and did well, and had no criminal record of any con-sequences, we would give you a chance to stay. Over a period of time, you would be able to become legal in Amer-ica—a citizen in America. Sixteen years ago, I introduced it, and we passed it once in the Senate, once in the House, and never, ever made it the law of the land. I wrote to President Obama, with Senator Dick Lugar, Republican of In-diana, and said: Find some way, if you can, as President, to protect these young DREAMers, as we call them. And he did. It is called DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. What it basically said is that if you qualify under the DREAM Act, you could pay a filing fee of almost $500, go through a criminal background check and interview, and, then, if you qual-ify, you will be given a 2-year tem-porary protection from deportation and the ability to work. So far, over 750,000 young people have come forward. They have made such a difference in their own lives, in the lives of their families, and even in our country. I have come over 100 times to tell their stories, and I will tell another one today. But I want to also announce that today we have a significant bipar-tisan breakthrough for this Congress: Republican Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM  of South Carolina and I have intro-duced the BRIDGE Act. The BRIDGE Act, which has bipartisan sponsorship, would say that even if we eliminated President Obama’s Executive order, we would protect these young people from deportation and allow them to con-tinue to work and study. I want to thank Senator G
RAHAM . He has been a terrific partner. This is an issue which weighs heavily on my mind and conscience. We believe this is a reasonable way to extend this protection and to say to Congress in the meantime: Get to work. Roll up your sleeves. Pass a comprehensive im-migration bill. Work with the new President, work with both sides, Demo-crats and Republicans, and come up with an approach. I thank Senator G
RAHAM for joining me in the introduction of this BRIDGE Act. For the young people across America, I can tell you, I understand your fears. I understand your anxiety. There are many of us who are dedicated to mak-ing certain that this ends well for you and for your family. There are pretty amazing young peo-ple who are in that category I have ad-dressed. One of them is Jose Espinoza. At the age of 2, Jose Espinoza was brought here from Mexico. He grew up in the northwest suburbs of Chicago and became an excellent student. In high school, he was a member of the National Honor Society, and he grad-uated in the top 3 percent of his class. He was elected to the student council every year in high school, the treas-urer, vice president, editor of the high school yearbook, mentored and taught physical education to a freshman class of 40 students. He was also captain of the varsity track and field team and a member of the soccer team and the school orchestra. In his spare time, if there was any, Jose volunteered with the United Way, and as a result of his academic record and volunteer service, he received a college scholarship from the United Way. Incidentally, DREAMers—undocu-mented—don’t qualify for any Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.002 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S299 January 12, 2017 
assistance for their education, so they have to find it in other places. His work with the United Way helped to pay his way at the college. He went to the University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign and received multiple aca-demic awards and continued his volun-teer service with Alpha Phi Omega, a national service fraternity. He received the Distinguished Service Key, the fra-ternity’s highest award. He graduated with a bachelor of science in kinesi-ology and then went on to earn a mas-ter’s degree in public health at the Uni-versity of Illinois. In his last semester of graduate school, President Obama announced the DACA Program, which I described earlier. He applied, signed up, and be-came part of that DACA Program. What is he doing today with his mas-ter’s degree, with his opportunity to work in fields of public health and such? He signed up for Teach For America. We know Teach For America is a national nonprofit organization that places talented recent college graduates in urban and rural schools that have a shortage of teachers. Jose is currently a high school physics and public health teacher in the city of Chicago. He wrote me a letter, and he said: 
DACA changed my life in more ways than I can ever explain. It has given me the power to help others, the freedom to travel, and the right to legally work without fear of depor-tation. Simply put, without DACA, I wouldn’t exist for my students and my com-munity. 
If DACA is eliminated, what will hap-pen to Jose? The day after DACA, he won’t be able to teach. He could be de-ported back to Mexico, where he hasn’t lived since he was a 2-year-old toddler. That would be a tragedy, not just for Jose and his family but for this Nation. This is a fine young man who, against great odds, undocumented, has written this amazing record in his young life. He is a giving person. He could be mak-ing a lot more money than his pay with Teach For America in an inner city school. Do we need Jose Espinoza in Amer-ica’s future? I think we do. That is why I am happy that this BRIDGE Act would give him a chance and Congress a chance to address this issue of DREAMers. I hope President-Elect Trump will understand this and con-tinue the DACA Program. If he decides to end the DACA Program, I hope his administration will work closely and rapidly with Congress to pass the BRIDGE Act into law. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. PROVIDING FOR AN EXCEPTION TO A LIMITATION AGAINST AP-POINTMENT OF PERSONS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WITH-IN SEVEN YEARS OF RELIEF FROM ACTIVE DUTY AS A REG-ULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICER OF THE ARMED FORCES—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to S. 84. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to S. 84, a bill to provide for an exception to a limitation against ap-pointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The motion is nondebatable. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR AN EXCEPTION TO A LIMITATION AGAINST AP-POINTMENT OF PERSONS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WITH-IN SEVEN YEARS OF RELIEF FROM ACTIVE DUTY AS A REG-ULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICER OF THE ARMED FORCES The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 84) to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commis-sioned officer of the Armed Forces. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the provisions of Public Law 114–254, there will now be up to 10 hours of debate, equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we are on the Mattis waiver. Anyone who would like to debate, please come over. In the meantime, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to speak as in morning business for 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF JEFF SESSIONS  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, the Senate is holding hearings on each of President-Elect Trump’s nominees to his Cabinet. Traditionally, Presi-dents are accorded a very high level of deference on assembling their own team, in part because these nominees are directly accountable to the Presi-dent. But they are accountable to the American people too. No Cabinet member is more powerful or has more impact on the day-to-day lives of Americans than the Attorney General of the United States. The Attorney General is, indeed, a general, in command of an army of thousands of lawyers whose words carry enormous weight and power. It is the weight and power of the people of the United States. He speaks for us. He charges defendants in our name. He has sweeping authority to bring criminal charges in all Federal offenses, enor-mous unreviewable discretion in cases ranging from minor misdemeanors to the most serious felonies. In every sense, as capital penalties can be sought for some of these crimes, he wields the power of life and death. The Attorney General’s authority is not only sweeping, it is uniquely inde-pendent of the President’s Cabinet. His decisions must supersede partisan poli-tics. In most cases, there is no recourse to overrule his decisions unless there is political interference. He is not just another government lawyer or even just another member of the President’s Cabinet. He is the Nation’s lawyer, and he must be the Nation’s legal counsel and conscience. The job of U.S. Attorney General at stake here is one that I know pretty well. Like some of my colleagues in this body, I served as U.S. attorney, the chief Federal prosecutor in Con-necticut. I reported to the U.S. Attorney Gen-eral. For years afterward as a private litigator and then as attorney general of the State of Connecticut for 20 years, I fought alongside and some-times against the U.S. Attorney Gen-eral and the legal forces at his disposal. I have seen his power, or hers, first-hand. The power of this Attorney Gen-eral is awesome, as is that of any At-torney General. In the best of cases, they are inspir-ing too. Even as he protects the public from vicious and violent criminal of-fenders, his role is also to protect the innocent from unfounded charges that could shatter their lives even if they are acquitted. As Justice Robert Jack-son, a former Attorney General him-self, once said: His job is not to con-vict, but to assure justice is done. So this job requires a singular level of intellect and integrity and non-partisan but passionate devotion to the rule of law and an extraordinary sense of conscience. That is because he is re-sponsible for so much more than pros-ecuting and preventing crime and en-suring public safety. He is responsible for aggressively upholding our Nation’s sacred constitutional commitment to protecting individual rights and lib-erties and preventing infringement on them, even by the government itself, maybe especially by the government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.004 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES300 January 12, 2017 
This responsibility for safeguarding equal justice under the law is particu-larly important today, at a time when those civil rights and freedoms are so much in peril. This historic moment demands a person whose life work, pro-fessional career, and record shows that he will make the guarantee under our Constitution of equal justice under law a core mandate of his tenure. Having reviewed the full record and recent testimony, regrettably and re-spectfully, I cannot support the Presi-dent-elect’s nominee, our colleague and friend J
EFFSESSIONS , for this job. At his confirmation hearing, Senator S
ESSIONS simply said he would follow the law and he would obey it, but the Attorney General of the United States must be more than a follower. He must be a leader in protecting the essential constitutional rights and liberties. He must be a champion, a zealous advo-cate. He must actively pursue justice, not just passively follow or obey the law. Senator S
ESSIONS ’ record reflects a hostility and antipathy—in fact, down-right opposition—to civil rights and voting rights, women’s health care and privacy rights, antidiscrimination measures, and religious freedom safe-guards. He has prided himself on his vociferous opposition to immigration reform legislation, a measure that passed this body with 68 bipartisan votes, and a criminal justice reform bill that has attracted a group of 25 co-sponsors, Democrats and Republicans. He even split with the majority of his own party to vote against reauthor-izing the Violence Against Women Act. He opposed hate crime prohibitions. Senator S
ESSIONS ’ views and positions on these issues and others, which are critical to protecting and championing rights and liberties under our Constitu-tion, are simply out of the mainstream. There is nothing in Senator S
ESSIONS ’ record, including his testimony before the Judiciary Committee this week, that indicates he will be the constitu-tional champion the Nation needs at this point in its history. Equally important, the Attorney General must speak truth to power. He must be ready, willing, and able to say no to the President of the United States and ensure that the President is never above the law. Senator S
ESSIONS ’ record and testimony give me no con-fidence that he will fulfill this core task. When I asked him about enforcement of cases against illegal conflicts of in-terest involving the President and his family, such as violations of the emoluments clause or the STOCK Act, he equivocated. When I asked him about appointing a special counsel to investigate criminal wrongdoing at Deutsche Bank, owed more than $300 million by Donald Trump, he equivo-cated. When I asked him about abstain-ing from voting on other Presidential nominees while he is in the Senate, he equivocated. Those answers give me no confidence that he will be the inde-pendent, nonpolitical law enforcer against conflicts of interest and offi-cial self-enrichment that the Nation needs now more than ever—at a mo-ment when the incoming administra-tion faces ethical and legal controver-sies that are unprecedented in scope and scale. Senator SESSIONS ’ record over many years and his recent testimony fail to demonstrate the core commitments and convictions necessary in our next Attorney General. Back in 1986, the Senate Judiciary Committee rejected Senator S
ESSIONS ’ nomination to a Federal judgeship due to remarks he made and actions he took in a position of public trust as U.S. attorney in Alabama. However, my position on his nomination is pri-marily based on his record since those hearings and less on what was consid-ered at that time. On voting rights, Senator S
ESSIONS  has often condoned barriers to Ameri-cans exercising their franchise. He has been a leading opponent of provisions in the Voting Rights Act designed to ensure that African Americans can vote in places, such as his home State of Alabama, which have a unique his-tory of racial segregation. He has advo-cated for needlessly restrictive and draconian voter ID laws, citing utterly debunked threats of rampant voter fraud as an excuse for curtailing the real and legitimate rights of entire groups of voters. On privacy—very important—Sen-ator S
ESSIONS has passionately opposed this longstanding American right, which is enshrined in five decades of Supreme Court precedent. It protects women’s health care and personal deci-sions involving reproductive rights. At a time when these rights are facing an unprecedented assault, he has contin-ued to condemn Roe v. Wade and the many court decisions upholding that case. He is also supported by extremist groups like Operation Rescue that de-fend the murder of doctors and the vili-fication and criminalization of women. With him as Attorney General, Amer-ican women would understandably feel less secure about those rights. On religious freedom, Senator S
ES-
SIONS has advocated for using a reli-gious test to determine which immi-grants can enter this country. When this issue arose in committee, Senator S
ESSIONS was the only Senator—the only Senator—to argue forcefully for religious tests and against principles of religious liberty that have animated our Republic since its founding. With Senator S
ESSIONS as Attorney General, a Trump administration would enjoy a permanent green light for any racially or religiously discriminatory immigra-tion policy that might appeal to him. On citizenship, Senator S
ESSIONS has called for abolishing a time-honored tradition that dates back to recon-struction. Birthright citizenship is the distinctly American concept that any-one born on our soil is a citizen of our country. We do not exclude people from citizenship based on the nationality of their parents or grandparents. Senator SESSIONS disagrees, a position that most other Republicans think is ex-treme. With Senator S
ESSIONS as Attorney General, the Trump administration would be encouraged in attempting to deport American citizens—who have raised families and spent their entire lives here—from the only country they have ever known. Senator S
ESSIONS declined my invita-tion at his nomination hearing to exer-cise moral and legal leadership and demonstrate his resolve to serve as the Nation’s legal conscience. He refused to reject the possibility of using informa-tion voluntarily provided by DACA ap-plicants to deport them and their fami-lies. As a matter of fundamental fair-ness and due process, when a DREAMer has provided information to our gov-ernment after being invited to come out of the shadows, this information should never be used to deport that person. With Senator S
ESSIONS as At-torney General, that sense of legal con-science would be lacking. On issues of discrimination and equal protection, Senator S
ESSIONS has pub-licly opposed marriage equality, claim-ing it ‘‘weakens marriage’’ and even tried to eliminate protections for LGBT Americans contained in the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. He has re-peatedly voted against steps to en-hance enforcement against hate crimes—violent assaults involving big-otry or bias based on race, religion, and sexual orientation. He even defended President-Elect Trump’s shocking ad-mission on video of his pattern of en-gaging in sexual assault. Senator S
ESSIONS himself has said that public officials can be fairly judged by assessing who their sup-porters are. Senator S
ESSIONS is backed by groups with ties to White suprema-cists. He has even accepted an award and repeated campaign donations from groups whose founder openly promotes the goal of maintaining a ‘‘European American majority’’ in our society. Neither award, nor many other impor-tant parts of Senator S
ESSIONS ’ record, was reported on the questionnaire he prepared for the Judiciary Committee. I gave Senator S
ESSIONS an oppor-tunity at the hearing earlier this week to repudiate these hate groups and rac-ist individuals who have endorsed his nomination and supported him in the past. In fact, instead he doubled down, saying that a man who has accused Af-rican Americans of excessive crimi-nality and American Muslims of exten-sive ties to terrorism was ‘‘a most bril-liant individual.’’ So I reach my decision to oppose this nomination with regret because J
EFF S
ESSIONS is a colleague and a friend to all of us. Indeed, he and I have a rap-port. I have come to like and respect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.005 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S301 January 12, 2017 
him through a number of shared expe-riences in this building, traveling abroad, and outside. We have common causes. He and I both support law enforcement profes-sionals who serve our communities and the Nation with dedication and cour-age. They are never given sufficient thanks and appreciation. He and I both believe that individual corporate criminal culpability should be pursued more vigorously. Individual corporate executives should be held ac-countable for the wrongdoing of cor-porations when they are criminally in-volved. This job, this decision, this responsi-bility is different. Here, my disagree-ments stem from bedrock constitu-tional principles. While I could envi-sion deferring to Presidential author-ity and supporting him for other posi-tions, my objections to his nomination here relate specifically to this par-ticular, essential, all-powerful job. At this historic moment, there must be no doubt about the ironclad com-mitment of the Attorney General of the United States to the bedrock prin-ciple of equal justice under law, his re-solve to be an independent voice, assur-ing that the President is never above the law, his determination to be a champion for all people of America and our constitutional principles that pro-tect all people, and to be a legal con-science for the Nation. Reviewing his record, I cannot assure the people of Connecticut or the coun-try that J
EFFSESSIONS would be a vig-orous champion of these rights and lib-erties. Therefore, I stand in opposition to his nomination. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to strongly oppose this legislation concerning a waiver for General Mattis. I know that all of my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee who just left the hearing on this very topic with General Mattis and this entire body take the oversight role of our committee very seriously. We take ci-vilian control of the military as a fun-damental constitutional principle of the Founding Fathers. Even George Washington put aside his commission 5 years before he became our Com-mander in Chief and became the Presi-dent of the United States. When Con-gress in 1947 debated the National Se-curity Act to create the Department of Defense and create the Secretary of De-fense, they decided to imbue this idea of civilian control into the Secretary of Defense by law, by mandating that he had to be separated from the mili-tary at least 10 years before taking on the role of Secretary of Defense, en-shrining again this notion that civilian control is so important to our democ-racy and our American values. On Tuesday, the Armed Services Committee had a very compelling hear-ing. We had two experts testify about the reasons for civilian control and why they are still so important today. The importance of having a Secretary of Defense who brings a civilian per-spective to this position and brings with him or her a breadth of views and experience—those views coming from a civilian are very important. Second, they said it is very impor-tant not to politicize our officer ranks, meaning our senior, top military advis-ers jockeying for the next job as a po-litical appointee. That undermines the functioning of the military, and they testified about countries where it has had such deleterious effects. The third reason is concern about bias toward one service or another. Ar-guably, if one comes from a particular service, one may have preferences in-nately for that branch of service, which could undermine the strength of our military. The fourth reason, which is really important in today’s world, is the de-sire to model civilian control for other countries around the world that are struggling to become more democratic, less autocratic, and less militarily run. Those are the four reasons given as to why civilian control of the military is so important. Dr. Cohen and Dr. Hicks both agreed—despite those four reasons—that from their perspective, it should be abrogated. Dr. Cohen said it was because the characteristics of the incoming administration gave him such concern that he needed to have someone like General Mattis and thought the qualities of General Mattis were important. Even Dr. Hicks said it was the qualities of General Mattis that were so unique and important, but she very importantly said: Never, though, should we say that it is time for a general to be the Secretary of De-fense. In her perspective, it should never be that you need a general. So for her it was not the exigencies of cir-cumstances; it was the specific charac-teristics of General Mattis. Overwhelmingly, the Senators and the Members of the Armed Services Committee, myself included, have ex-pressed enormous gratitude for the ex-traordinary service of General Mattis. That is not in debate. But if there is no civilian in all the world as of today at this moment who could meet the needs of the incoming administration, then who is to say that there will be no ci-vilian in the future who could meet the needs of this administration, should they need another Secretary of De-fense, or the next administration? What we are doing today, inadvert-ently, because of a cherished notion we have toward this one nominee, is sub-verting the standard, and, in fact, this exception now can swallow the whole rule. If we are literally saying an ex-ception could be made because of the nature of an administration and the nature of a nominee, we have literally swallowed the rule. I think it is a historic mistake. I truly believe we are about to unwind something that has served this country well for the past 50 years. We are about to unwind it. Interestingly, the last time the Congress unwound it, they said: Never again. They didn’t say: If you have an ur-gency as we have now, which was the concern, according to these experts, that World War III was looming, the concern that we needed a well-known, well-loved general because of all the foreign policy worries of the moment with North Korea; they said: Never again. I don’t know why we are here. I real-ly don’t know why—because it is not the standard. Now this is the world we are going to live in. President-Elect Trump will mainly have his foreign policy input from two four-star generals and a three-star general. So where is the di-versity of opinion coming from? Where is that balance going to come from, the No. 1 reason the experts gave for why we have civilian control of the mili-tary—Tillerson? Even General Marshall, if we remem-ber history correctly, had the experi-ence of being a former Secretary of State and head of the Red Cross, so he had civilian experience in addition to his military experience. Civilian con-trol has very important constitutional reasons based on our democratic val-ues, the balance of power, and how our democracy runs. Those principles are being gutted and ignored. We are not using the right standards, and I think it is a historic mistake. As I stated, this has nothing to do with our particular nominee. These principles exist for a reason. It has en-abled our country’s success for decades and has kept our democracy safe. If we take this change in our laws lightly, as we are about to do today, when future Congresses—or even this same Con-gress 2 or 3 year from now—look at this and want to make the same exception, it will be much easier to do. I will continue to oppose this waiver for any nominee who is not a civilian or who has not met the waiting period that is required by law, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. I urge them to vote no. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to support the legislative waiver required for retired General James Mattis to become the next Secretary of Defense. The principle of civilian control of the military has been fundamental to the concept of American Government since the inception of our Republic. It was the Continental Congress that granted General George Washington his commission, and General Wash-ington reported to that legislative body throughout the entire war. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.007 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES302 January 12, 2017 
At the conclusion of the war, General Washington was the most popular and important figure in America. He easily could have positioned himself as the leader of the American government and, in fact, was urged to do so by many. Instead, General Washington fa-mously resigned his commission on De-cember 23, 1783, thus firmly estab-lishing the principle that, in this new country, ultimate authority over the Armed Forces would rest with demo-cratically elected civilians. General Washington’s noble act was the founda-tion of such an important tenet of our democracy that the scene is depicted in a magnificent painting by John Trum-bull, which occupies a prominent posi-tion in the rotunda of the United States Capitol. The principle of civilian control of the military was at the center of the debate when the structure of our Armed Forces was dramatically reorga-nized after World War II. A congres-sional consensus emerged from the military readiness failures of Pearl Harbor that the modern world required a more significant standing military force with a more centralized command structure. But harkening back to the precedent established by George Wash-ington, it was imperative that this new structure have civilian leadership. This was especially concerning at the time, given the number of remarkable gen-erals who had deservedly attained he-roic status in the eyes of the American public and the free world. Thus, in 1947, Congress passed section 202 of the Na-tional Security Act, which provided that the Secretary of Defense needed to have at least a 10-year gap, later re-duced to 7, from any military service. Since that time, 16 of the past 24 De-fense Secretaries have had some prior military service. If approved, however, Gen. Mattis would only be the second Defense Secretary to receive a congres-sional waiver of the law—the other being General George Marshall in 1950. In order to examine this important history and review the wisdom of granting a waiver for Gen. Mattis, the Senate Armed Services Committee held a hearing exploring the issue of ci-vilian control of the Armed Forces. After carefully reviewing the testi-mony from those hearings, I do support making an additional, one-time excep-tion to the law in the specific case of James Mattis. In 1950, the world was a tumultuous place, with a hot war in Korea coupled with the extraordinary risks associated with a growing cold war in the nuclear age. President Truman turned to Gen-eral Marshall to serve as Secretary of Defense because his noted character and competence, combined with his ex-perience and ability, made him an ideal fit for the unique challenges presented at that time. Today the world is again a tumul-tuous place. The combination of the threat from terrorist organizations like ISIS and al Qaeda, as well as the threats emanating from countries such as Iran, North Korea, Russia, and China, has heightened tensions around the globe. And all our international challenges today take place against the backdrop of the knowledge that the world has a large and aging nuclear ar-senal that could quickly create chaos in the wrong hands. As was the case with Gen. Marshall, Gen. Mattis, with his exceptional char-acter and competence and his remark-able skills and ability, is a fit for these dangerous times. Over the course of his 44-year career in the Marine Corps, Gen. Mattis has earned a reputation as a warrior and commander who is beloved by soldiers and veterans alike. The ‘‘warrior monk,’’ as he is known in military cir-cles, is a voracious reader and a stu-dent of history. He has served as a military commander at all levels and all over the world. His assignments have included a combat deployment during the Persian Gulf Wars and dif-ficult leadership posts in both Oper-ation Enduring Freedom in Afghani-stan and Operation Iraqi Freedom, where Mattis commanded the 1St Ma-rine Division in the city of Fallujah. His work over the past decade has demonstrated a deep appreciation for the challenges our country faces today. In 2006, Mattis coauthored the mili-tary’s counterinsurgency manual with then-Army General David Petraeus. As an expert in counterinsurgency, Mattis understands the crucial role military power plays in conjunction with other civil instruments of national power, in-cluding diplomatic and economic ef-forts. Between 2007 and 2010, while serving as commander of the now disestab-lished U.S. Joint Forces Command, Mattis gained experience in broad DOD policy and management at an organiza-tion focused on the transformation of U.S. military capabilities. In 2010, I supported Gen. Mattis’s nomination to serve as commander of U.S. Central Command, where he oversaw the wars in Iraq and Afghani-stan and was responsible for an area which includes Syria, Iran, and Yemen. His experience at CENTCOM is a tre-mendous asset in developing a coherent strategy to address the threats posed by state actors and terrorist networks in the region and elsewhere around the world. In 2015, he testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee on the United States’ global challenges and offered insight to the committee on crafting a coherent, bipartisan na-tional security strategy with an eye to-wards international diplomacy and al-liances, defense budgeting, and mili-tary force size and capabilities. Last year, he coedited a book on civil-military relations that explored the growing cultural gap between civil-ian society and the military, as well as the impact this lack of understanding may have on the civilian-military rela-tionship. Finally,I would note that Gen. Mattis has the support of three very capable and successful former Secre-taries of Defense whose careers were ei-ther largely or entirely in the civilian workforce. Secretaries Cohen, Panetta, and Gates know as well as anyone what it takes to succeed in that position and the importance of civilian leadership of the military. Their unqualified support of Gen. Mattis carries considerable weight with me and further convinces me that, in this particular cir-cumstance, a waiver is warranted. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, civilian control of our military is one of the bedrock principles of American self- government. The National Security Act of 1947, U.S.C. Title 10 Section 113(a), stipulates that an individual ‘‘may not be appointed as Secretary of Defense within seven years after relief from active duty as a commissioned of-ficer of a regular component of an armed force.’’ President-Elect Donald Trump’s choice of retired U.S. Marine Corps General James N. Mattis violates that provision since he has only been out of the uniform for 3 years; thus, Congress will need to pass a waiver so that he can serve if confirmed. I have considered this issue carefully, and I have listened to Gen. Mattis’s testimony earlier today before the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee. I be-lieve Gen. Mattis is committed to the principle of civilian control of the mili-tary. I was reassured by his testimony this morning, and I will vote to grant the waiver. There is a precedent: in 1950, the Senate voted to confirm Gen-eral George C. Marshall’s as Secretary of Defense, despite the fact that he had been retired for only 5 years. Former Secretaries of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld, Robert M. Gates, and Leon E. Panetta have expressed bipartisan support for Gen. Mattis. I am willing to vote for the waiver, as long as one nomination does not turn into a trend. There are particular times and cir-cumstances in which granting the waiver may be appropriate, but the bedrock principle of civilian control of our military must not be eroded. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose changing the law to allow a re-cently retired general to serve as Sec-retary of Defense. While I admire Gen, Mattis and I am grateful for his dec-ades of service to our Nation, I believe that, except in a national emergency, we should abide by the longstanding principle of civilian control of the mili-tary enshrined in the National Secu-rity Act. Civilian control of the military is a fundamental tenet of our American de-mocracy. It was in Annapolis, MD that General George Washington resigned his military commission in 1783, after leading the Continental Army to se-cure America’s independence. Wash-ington believed that our new Nation could survive only with civilian leader-ship. Five years later, Washington re-turned to serve the Nation, as a civil-ian, as our first President. George Washington’s example has been em-bodied in the statutory requirements of the National Security Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.001 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S303 January 12, 2017 
George C. Marshall, nominated by President Truman in 1950, was the only Secretary of Defense for whom Con-gress enacted an exception. In enacting the exception for General Marshall, Congress expressly emphasized that: ‘‘the authority granted by this Act is not to be construed as approval by the Congress of continuing appointments of military men to the office of Sec-retary of Defense in the future. It is hereby expressed as the sense of the Congress that after General Marshall leaves the office of secretary of de-fense, no additional appointments of military men to that office shall be ap-proved.’’ Congress should not cavalierly dis-regard the principle of civilian leader-ship of our military. I have no doubt that President-Elect Trump was briefed on the National Security Act’s requirement, but chose to proceed not-withstanding the law and our Nation’s tradition. President-Elect Trump’s lack of regard for this law and the prin-ciple of civilian control of the military should be a matter of concern. Our Founders’ emphasis on civilian leadership distinguished the young United States from the other nations of the time. It remains an important bulwark of our democracy today. My vote today is not against Gen. Mattis. It is a vote to uphold an impor-tant principle of our American democ-racy. Should Congress vote to waive this law at this moment in time, I will review the nomination of Gen. Mattis on its individual merits. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE .) The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
OBAMACARE REPEAL  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, several years ago, Democrats in Congress pulled out all the stops to pass the so- called Affordable Care Act and force the system we now call ObamaCare on the American people. They passed the law on a purely partisan basis and without any regard for public opinion. Quite simply, it was one of the most blatant exercises in pure partisanship in our Nation’s history. It deepened partisan divides in Washington and around the country and contributed to the cynicism many have about whether their government is actually paying at-tention to their needs. Worst of all, in the years since the passage of ObamaCare, the American people have been paying the price in the form of skyrocketing costs, fewer choices, bur-densome mandates, and unfair taxes. For 7 years, many of us in Congress— virtually all of us on the Republican side—have been working to right what has gone wrong under the Affordable Care Act. We have pledged to our con-stituents that, given the opportunity, we would repeal ObamaCare and re-place it with reforms more worthy of the American people. Those promises are among the biggest reasons why we Republicans are now fortunate enough to find ourselves in control of Congress and, very soon, the White House. Last night we took a big step in the effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare. With the budget resolution passed, many in Washington and in the media are talking about what happens next. We are hearing a lot of discussion about the timing of our repeal-and-re-place efforts, with some arguing that we should hit the brakes and solve every problem in advance of taking an-other vote. My view is that the repeal of ObamaCare cannot wait. The Amer-ican people need us to act now. While there is still some debate as to what our replacement plan should look like, a majority of Senators voted last night to give us the tools to take the next steps to repeal and replace ObamaCare. The American people have entrusted us with the power to do just that. We could spend the next several months coming up with more slogans and analogies, but this is not a cam-paign. The elections have been won, and it is time to do what our constitu-ents have sent us here to do. I am not saying we need to put off the replace-ment effort. On the contrary, I think it is important that the legislation we draft pursuant to the budget reconcili-ation instructions include as many sen-sible health reforms as possible, keep-ing in mind the limitations that exist with our rules and the necessary vote count. We should definitely work on making the largest possible downpayment on the ObamaCare replacement with the budget reconciliation bill. That down-payment should include measures that give individuals and families more con-trol over their health care decisions and empower States to do more of the heavy lifting when it comes to regu-lating health care. In addition, we need to provide for a smooth transition pe-riod so we can maintain some stability in the health insurance markets and ensure that we are not leaving Ameri-cans who have insurance under the cur-rent system out in the cold. As chairman of one of the primary committees with jurisdiction over these matters, I have been working closely with my House counterparts— Chairman K
EVIN BRADY of the House Ways and Means Committee and Chair-man G
REG WALDEN of the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee—to de-velop proposals on the matters that fall within our purviews. We have been talking with stakeholders throughout the country and working through the various problems that exist. That work will continue unabated as we work on the immediate repeal effort and into the future. I am quite certain that my friend who chairs the Senate HELP Committee has been similarly engaged in addressing the draconian insurance regulations that were imposed under ObamaCare, as well as the other parts of the law that are within that com-mittee’s jurisdiction. In other words, the work to replace ObamaCare is ongoing, and we hope to have some initial elements ready to in-clude in the budget reconciliation package. That work will continue once the repeal has been passed and signed into law so that we can help ensure that affordable health care options exist for Americans. We do not need to wait until every single replacement measure is drafted and agreed upon be-fore moving forward. Instead, we need the incoming administration to add to our current efforts and work with us to produce a full replacement plan and then to execute it. I look forward to continuing to work with President- Elect Trump and his team. The path forward on replacing ObamaCare could end up taking many forms. We could draft and pass a series of limited reforms to replace ObamaCare piece by piece or we could pull together a full and comprehensive replacement package that puts all the necessary changes into law at once. I think there are merits and potential pitfalls with either approach. That is something we need to consider as we move forward, but it is not a decision that needs to be made before we can keep the promises we all made to our constituents to repeal ObamaCare. To be sure, replacing ObamaCare is going to be a difficult process; however, with a new and more cooperative ad-ministration in place, I have every con-fidence we can accomplish these impor-tant objectives without imposing arti-ficial deadlines or goalposts or putting the repeal process on hold. All of this is possible so long as we remain com-mitted to the principles that have guided most of our efforts thus far. For example, in my view, the new reforms need to be patient-centered, not gov-ernment-driven. They need to recog-nize the reality of the marketplace and the benefits of competition. Perhaps most importantly, any suitable re-forms need to put the States back in charge of regulating and overseeing health care policy. If the ObamaCare experience has taught us anything, it is that when the Federal Government gets a hold of something that is as con-sequential as health care, it will over-promise results, overstep its authority, and overregulate the subject matter. As I have said a number of times, Utah is not California or Massachu-setts, and California and Massachu-setts are not Utah. All of our States face different challenges and have dif-ferent needs. There is no reason to begin with the premise that any single approach to health care policy is what is best for the entire country. That is why I, along with several of my col-leagues, have been engaging with stakeholders at the State level for quite some time as we work to craft re-forms and to put them in place. For ex-ample, next week the Senate Finance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.003 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES304 January 12, 2017 
Committee is hosting a roundtable dis-cussion on Medicaid with some of the most prominent Governors in the coun-try. I am pleased that Energy and Com-merce chairman G
REG WALDEN will join us for the discussion as well. This meeting and others like it will give States the opportunity to detail the challenges they face and how we can empower them to meet those chal-lenges instead of dictating solutions from offices here in Washington, DC. I believe all of my colleagues want to be judicious and methodical with this undertaking. No one wants to act reck-lessly and do even more damage to our Nation’s health care system. Discus-sions and debates over the substance of our ObamaCare replacement should continue. As I said, they have been going on for some time now, and they are not going to stop. But after last night, we have the tools we need to take the first major step in this effort by repealing ObamaCare. In my view, we need to take that step now. Republicans are united in our desire to repeal ObamaCare. We have the sup-port of the American people to do just that, and I personally will do all I can to deliver on that promise. I hope our friends on the other side will work with us. If they will, I think we can come up with an approach toward health care that not only will work but will be bet-ter for our country but most impor-tantly, better for our citizens, better for the States that will manage a lot better than we will here, and better for our citizens within those States. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss S. 84, a bill that would provide a one-time exception from the longstanding law that requires a mem-ber of the military to be retired from the armed services for at least 7 years before being appointed as Secretary of Defense. We are considering this legis-lation today because the President- elect’s nominee for Secretary of De-fense, General James Mattis, has only been retired from the U.S. Marine Corps for 3 years. In considering the unique situation presented by this nomination, this week the Armed Services Committee held two hearings. The first hearing, on Tuesday, had a panel of two excellent outside witnesses who discussed the history of the retirement restriction law and the benefits and challenges of legislating an exception to that law. Then, this morning, the committee held a nomination hearing with Gen-eral Mattis and examined his views on a wide range of defense challenges fac-ing our country and the Defense De-partment. General Mattis has a long and distin-guished military career, and he is rec-ognized by his peers as a thoughtful and strategic thinker. However, since its passage in 1947, the statutory re-quirement designed to protect civilian control of the Armed Forces has only been waived one other time. Therefore, I believe it is extremely important that we carefully consider the consequences of setting aside the law and the impli-cations such a decision may have on the future of civilian and military rela-tions. Civilian control of the military is en-shrined in our Constitution and dates back to George Washington and the Revolutionary War. This principle has distinguished our Nation from many other countries around the world, and it has helped ensure that our democ-racy remains in the hands of the peo-ple. The National Security Act of 1947, which established the Department of Defense, included a provision prohib-iting any individual ‘‘within ten years’’ of ‘‘active duty as a commissioned offi-cer in a regular component of the armed services’’ from being appointed as the Secretary of Defense. However, in 1950, President Harry Truman nomi-nated former Secretary of State and former Chief of Staff of the United States Army General George Marshall to serve as the Secretary of Defense, thus causing Congress to pass an excep-tion to the statute. While Congress ultimately waived the restriction for General Marshall, the law included a nonbinding section that stated: ‘‘It is hereby expressed as the intent of the Congress that the au-thority granted by this Act is not to be construed as approval by the Congress of the continuing appointments of military men to the office of Secretary of Defense in the future. It is hereby expressed as the sense of the Congress that after General Marshall leaves the office of the Secretary of Defense, no additional appointments of military men to that office shall be approved.’’ Nearly 70 years later, Congress again must make a determination if an ex-ception should be made in the case of General Mattis. Let me remind my col-leagues why making this change is so significant. During our committee hearings, Dr. Kathleen Hicks astutely noted: ‘‘The Defense Secretary position is unique in our system. Other than the President acting as commander in chief, the Secretary of Defense is the only civilian official in the operational chain of command to the Armed Forces. Unlike the President, however, he or she is not an elected official.’’ As I stated during the committee’s consideration of the waiver legislation, we must be very cautious about any ac-tions, including this legislation, that may inadvertently politicize our Armed Forces. During this past Presi-dential election cycle, both Democrats and Republicans came dangerously close to compromising the nonpartisan nature of our military with the nomi-nating convention speeches from re-cently retired general officers advo-cating for a candidate for President. I am also concerned about providing a waiver for General Mattis in light of the fact that he will join other recently retired senior military officers who have been selected for high-ranking na-tional security positions in the Trump Administration. Throughout our Na-tion’s history, retired general officers have often held positions at the highest levels of government as civilians. In fact, a few have even been elected President. What concerns me, however, is the total number of retired senior military officers chosen by the President-elect to lead organizations critical to our na-tional security and the cumulative af-fect it may have on our overall na-tional security policy. Specifically, there may be unintended consequences having so many senior leaders with similar military backgrounds crafting policy and making decisions as weighty as those facing the next administra-tion. In the course of our review of General Mattis’ nomination, the reason most often cited in support of a waiver al-lowing him to serve is that a retired four-star general known for his war- fighting skills and strategic judgment to lead the Department of Defense will counterbalance the President-elect’s lack of defense and foreign policy expe-rience. As Tom Ricks wrote recently in The New York Times: ‘‘Usually I’d op-pose having a general as Secretary of Defense, because it could undermine our tradition of civilian control of the military. But these are not normal times.’’ Likewise, Dr. Eliot Cohen testified before the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee earlier this week, and he argued that if it weren’t for his deep concern about the Trump Administration, he would oppose the waiver for General Mattis. Specifically, he stated: ‘‘There is no question in my mind that a Sec-retary Mattis would be a stabilizing and moderating force . . . and over time, helping to steer American for-eign and security policy in a sound and sensible direction.’’ If Congress provides an exception for General Mattis, we must be mindful of the precedent that action sets for such waivers in the future. The restriction was enacted into law for good reason, and General George Marshall is the only retired military officer to receive this exception. Based on General Mattis’ testimony this morning, as well as his decades of distinguished service in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps, and weighing all of the other factors, I will support a waiver for him to serve as Secretary of De-fense. General Mattis testified to the fact that the role of Congress does not end with the passage of this legisla-tion. As Dr. Hicks stated, ‘‘The United States Congress, the nation’s statutes and courts, the professionalism of our Armed Forces, and the will of the peo-ple are critical safeguards against any perceived attempts to fundamentally alter the quality of civilian control of the military in this country.’’ Any of us who support this bill have a profound duty to ensure that the De-partment of Defense and its leaders, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.010 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S305 January 12, 2017 
both civilian and military, are fol-lowing and protecting the principles upon which this country is founded. Let me be very clear. I will not sup-port a waiver for any future nominees under the incoming administration or future administrations. I view this as a generational exception, as our bipar-tisan witnesses recommended. I would ask that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle make this same commitment. Indeed, I intend to propose reestab-lishing the original 10-year ban which was in place when the Defense Depart-ment was established. Restoring the threshold for service to 10 years would send a strong signal that this principle of civilian control of the military is es-sential to our Democratic system of government. At this point I would ask if the chair-man of the committee might engage in a colloquy. I do that first by thanking him for the extraordinarily fair, thoughtful, and careful way he has guided this nomination through the committee and here to the floor. I wish to thank the Senator from Ar-izona for the thoughtful and thorough process we have had in considering the nomination of General Mattis. I think one of the high points was a hearing on civilian military relations with Eliot Cohen and Kathleen Hicks. Both wit-nesses emphasized that while they sup-ported this waiver, it should be a rare, generational exception to ensure the integrity of civilian control of our military, which is the bedrock of our democracy. I agree wholeheartedly with that as-sessment, and I would ask the chair-man if he also agrees with that assess-ment. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I would say that I also agree. I want to thank the Senator from Rhode Island for his leadership, and I want to thank him for setting the tenor and the environment that surrounds the Armed Services Committee, which resulted in the 24-to- 3 vote today in the Armed Services Committee. Because of the relationship that we have, but also because of his leadership, we have a very bipartisan committee, which is vital to maintain, considering the awesome responsibil-ities we hold. The Senator from Rhode Island has displayed time after time a willingness to work together for the good of the country. I think this is the latest ex-ample, even though he had significant reservations—which are valid—con-cerning the short period of transition from wearing the uniform to holding down the highest civilian position as far as defense of the Nation is con-cerned. I know he didn’t reach this con-clusion without a lot of thought, a lot of study, a lot of—as he has displayed— references to history; reasons for the origination of this legislation, which requires 7 years before an individual is eligible to be Secretary of Defense after leaving the military. So I just wanted to thank the Sen-ator from Rhode Island, and I look for-ward to an overwhelming vote. Mr. President, could I ask the par-liamentary situation as it is right now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is considering S. 84 with 10 hours equally divided. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, has a time been set for the vote? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not yet an order for the vote. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I believe I have the floor. Mr. M
CCAIN. I yield to my friend from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I believe the chairman does concur with me re-garding the fact that this is a rare and generational exception; I think that is fair to say. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, is it ac-curate to say that 2:45 p.m. is a time that is being seriously considered? Mr. REED. We hope so, and I think, if we recognize Senator M
ERKLEY for his comments, and then I think the chair-man of the committee has comments, we would be on that schedule. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed 5 minutes prior to the vote, if the time of the vote is set, and the Senator from Rhode Island be given 5 minutes prior to that, in the case of the time of the vote being set. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I believe I still retain the floor. Let me make the point that I appre-ciate very much the Senator from Ari-zona allowing me 5 minutes, but I will yield that 5 minutes so that at the end, the Senator from Arizona would have 5 minutes, and then I would suggest we recognize Senator M
ERKLEY so that we can conduct the vote at 2:45 p.m. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I would like to modify my unanimous consent request that I be allowed 5 minutes prior to the vote. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Before I do that, however, I ask unanimous consent that the time until 2:45 p.m. be equally divided between the managers or their designees, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the bill be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of S. 84; further, that following the dis-position of S. 84, the Senate recess sub-ject to the call of the Chair for the all- Members briefing. So I would ask the Senator from Or-egon how much time he needs. Mr. MERKLEY. Less than 10 min-utes. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am asking for a ruling on the unanimous consent request I just made. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I add to that unanimous consent request that I be given the final 5 minutes before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, we have a longstanding tradition in our country of civilian control of govern-ment and civilian control of the mili-tary. This was first symbolized by George Washington through his act of resigning as Commander in Chief for all of the Continental Army on Decem-ber 23, 1783. It is a tradition, or a mo-ment in time, that is preserved on the walls of the Rotunda where a mural de-picts Washington’s noble and selfless act. Our early days were full of the warn-ings of a standing Army and of ongoing military control at high levels, and those ideas came from Thomas Jeffer-son and from Alexander Hamilton and from Samuel Adams. When we came to the point in our history where we real-ized that a continuing military force was necessary, we preserved the impor-tance of civilian control. We did so for a host of important rea-sons, which others have pointed out on this floor but I think are worth restat-ing. It is important to have a Secretary of Defense who brings a broad world view that includes a civilian perspec-tive to the position. Second, it is important not to politi-cize our officer ranks and have them essentially competing to position themselves to hold this position of Sec-retary of Defense. Third, we do not want the services competing against each other in order to hold this position. This is why the Joint Chiefs of Staff position is rotated on a specific schedule. And if we have a Secretary of Defense come from one military service, then another branch of service is going to say: Next time it should be our turn. The Marine Corps today, the Air Force tomorrow, the Army after that, and then the Navy. That is not the position we want to end up in. We also know that across the world, countries wrestle with preserving civil-ian control; that is, preserving demo-cratic republics in the face of the power of military machinery in their country, military organizations, and we see military coups and we see mas-sive military influence. It has been the desire of our country to model a republic that is of the peo-ple, by the people, and for the people, not a nation that becomes controlled by a massive concentration of power in the military. Now my colleagues— many of whom are very learned in the history of our country—have arisen to say that there is a set of special cir-cumstances, a unique set of cir-cumstances, that merit an exception, and they note that there was an excep-tion once before in our history. That exception was the appointment of George C. Marshall to become Sec-retary of Defense in the time following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.012 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES306 January 12, 2017 
World War II. But think about how many circumstances we face in the world that can be put forward to be an exceptional time. It was exceptional when terrorists used planes to attack the Twin Towers in New York City and our Pentagon, and had not one plane gone down, the additional target may have been the Capitol or the White House. That was an exceptional mo-ment. It is an exceptional moment when we are fighting Al Qaeda. It is an exceptional moment when we are fight-ing ISIS. It is an exceptional moment when Russia invades Ukraine and takes over Crimea. There is an exceptional moment almost continuously in the face of a complex and changing world. So I stand on the side of maintaining the principle of civilian control. Each time we violate this principle, it is easier next time to say: It has been done before. But the conversation will not be ‘‘We did it once half a century ago, and so we should do it again,’’ it will be ‘‘We did it twice, once quite re-cently when we weren’t facing a world crisis. Nobody had invaded the United States. We had not just lost a couple hundred thousand folks fighting for our country in a world war.’’ So the con-versation will get easier and more frag-ile, and that is not the direction we should go. It was Eisenhower who warned about the overreach of a military enter-prise—the ‘‘military industrial com-plex,’’ as he referred to it. But one piece of our structure of government that has held back is to maintain that principle of civilian control. Can any-one in this room rise up and say that out of the thousands of experienced in-dividuals who have both national secu-rity experience and civilian experience, there isn’t one who currently meets ei-ther the 10- or 7-year standard of sepa-ration? I am sure there are hundreds who could meet that standard. So here we are. If we could send a message to the President-elect: We re-ject your effort to eviscerate civilian control. Send us someone who is quali-fied. And if we feel that person is so far out of the reach of reason—which is what I have been hearing from my col-leagues in private conversation, terri-fied that this President-elect will nominate somebody who basically is unhinged, that we have to seize on this moment to take this individual be-cause this body won’t have the courage to turn down and reject an unhinged individual nominated by this Presi-dent-elect. That is a sad commentary on the leadership of this body. It is a sad commentary on what has become of the U.S. Senate that we wouldn’t have the courage under our advice and consent power to turn down someone we saw as unfit. That is, in fact, how we are charged under this Constitu-tion, under the advice and consent clause. It was Hamilton who laid out that it is our responsibility to deter-mine whether an individual is of fit character or unfit character, and we would retain that power for any nomi-nation that, in the collective judgment of this body, did not meet that stand-ard. So let’s sustain the principle of civil-ian control and reject this change. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, in re-sponse to the Senator from Oregon who asked if there were not any people who were qualified to serve as Secretary of Defense, I am absolutely certain there are. Is there anyone as qualified as General Mattis? My answer to the Sen-ator from Oregon is no. I have watched General Mattis for years. I have seen the way that enlisted and officers react to his leadership. I have seen the schol-arly approach he has taken to war and to conflict. I hope the Senator from Oregon will have at some point a chance to get to know him, and he will then appreciate the unique qualities of leadership that are much needed in these times where the outgoing President of the United States has left the world in a state of chaos because of an absolute failure of leadership, which is disgraceful. We now see an outgoing President of the United States who in 2009 inherited a world that was not being torn apart in the Middle East. The Chinese were not acting assertively in the South China Sea. The Russians had not dis-membered Ukraine and taken Crimea, in gross violation of international law. All of those things have come about be-cause of his presidency. So now he comes to the floor and ob-jects to one of the most highly quali-fied individuals and leaders in military history. I say to the Senator from Or-egon: You are wrong. I believe the overwhelming majority of this body will repudiate and cancel out his uninformed remarks. Mr. President, in a few minutes we will vote on a historic piece of legisla-tion. For just the second time in seven decades, the legislation before us would provide an exception to the law pre-venting any person from serving as Secretary of Defense within 7 years of Active-Duty service as a regular com-missioned officer of the Armed Forces. This legislation would allow Gen. James Mattis—the President-elect’s se-lection for Secretary of Defense, who retired from the Marine Corps 3 years ago—to serve in that office. Earlier today, the Senate Armed Services Committee received testi-mony from General Mattis. Once again, he demonstrated exceptional command of the issues confronting the United States, the Department of Defense, and our military servicemembers, but he also showed something else—that his understanding of civil-military rela-tions is deep and that his commitment to civilian control of the Armed Forces is ironclad. General Mattis’s character, judg-ment, and commitment to defending our Nation and its Constitution have earned him the trust of our next Com-mander in Chief, Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, and so many who are serving in our Armed Forces. General Mattis is an exceptional public servant worthy of the exceptional con-sideration. That is why, directly fol-lowing the conclusion of today’s hear-ing, the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee reported this legislation to the Senate with an overwhelming bipar-tisan vote of 24 to 3—I repeat: with an overwhelming vote of 24 to 3. I am not saying that members of the Armed Services Committee are smart-er than the Senator from Oregon, but I am saying that members of the Armed Services Committee have scrutinized— both sides of the aisle, Republican and Democrat, including the ranking mem-ber—have looked at General Mattis. Many of us have known him for years and years, as he has shown the out-standing characteristics of leadership that he has had the opportunity to dis-play in his service to the country, and he was voted out by an overwhelming vote of 24 to 3. So obviously there are 24 people on the Armed Services Com-mittee who believe in General Mattis and believe that this exception should be made, as opposed to 3 who share the view of the Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. I ask my colleague from Arizona if he will yield for a ques-tion. Mr. M
CCAIN. That is why, directly following the conclusion of today’s hearing, the Senate Armed Services Committee reported this legislation to the Senate with a vote of 24 to 3. I urge this body to follow suit. That said, it is important for future Senators to understand the context of our action here today. Civilian control of the Armed Forces has been a bed-rock principle of American Govern-ment since our Revolution. A painting hanging in the Capitol Rotunda not far from this floor celebrates the legacy of George Washington, who voluntarily resigned his commission as commander of the Continental Army to the Con-gress. This principle is enshrined in our Constitution, which divides control of the Armed Forces among the President as Commander in Chief and the Con-gress as coequal branches of govern-ment. Since then, Congress has adopted various provisions separating military and civilian positions. In the 19th cen-tury, for example, Congress prohibited an Army officer from accepting a civil office, more recently, in the National Security Act of 1947, and subsequent revisions, Congress’s 7-year ‘‘cooling off’’ period for any person to serve as Secretary of Defense. It was only 3 years later, in 1950, that Congress granted GEN George Marshall an ex-emption to that law and the Senate confirmed him to be Secretary of De-fense. Indeed, the separation between civil-ian and military positions has not al-ways been so clear. Twelve of our Na-tion’s Presidents previously served as generals in the Armed Forces, and over the years, numerous high-ranking ci-vilian officials in the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.017 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S307 January 12, 2017 
Defense have had long careers in mili-tary service. The basic responsibilities of civilian and military leaders are simple enough—for civilian leaders: to seek the best professional military advice while under no obligation to follow it; for military leaders: to provide candid counsel while recognizing civilians have the final say or, as General Mattis once observed, to insist on being heard and never insist on being obeyed. But the fact is that the relationship be-tween civilian and military leaders is inherently and endlessly complex. It is a relationship of unequals who none-theless share responsibility for the de-fense of the Nation. The stakes could not be higher. The gaps in mutual un-derstanding are sometimes wide. Per-sonalities often clash. And the unique features of the profession of arms and the peculiarities of service cultures often prove daunting for civilians who have never served in uniform. Ultimately, the key to healthy civil- military relations and civilian control of the military is the oath that soldiers and statesmen share in common ‘‘to protect and defend the Constitution.’’ It is about the trust they have in one another to perform their respective du-ties in accordance with our republican system of government. It is about the candid exchange of views engendered by that trust and which is vital to ef-fective decisionmaking. And it is about mutual respect and understanding. The proper balance of civil-military rela-tions is difficult to achieve, and, as his-tory has taught us, achieving that bal-ance requires different leaders at dif-ferent times. I believe that in the dangerous times in which we live, General Mattis is the leader our Nation needs as Secretary of Defense. That is why, although I be-lieve we must maintain safeguards of civilian leadership at the Department of Defense, I will support this legisla-tion today and General Mattis’ nomi-nation to serve this Nation again as Secretary of Defense. I want to assure my friend from Rhode Island, the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, who has very serious concerns—I want to assure him that this is a one-time deal. I know the Senator from Rhode Island had deep concerns about this whole process we have been through. Yet I think he has put the interests of the Nation and placed his confidence in General Mattis as being so exceptional that the law that was passed back in 1947—there can be made one single ex-ception to it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority’s time has expired. The majority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 72 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 4:15 p.m. on Tuesday, January 17, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged and the Senate proceed to the consider-ation of H.R. 72; further, that there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form, and that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of H.R. 72 with no inter-vening action or debate; finally, that if passed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I agreed—— Mr. MCCAIN addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Has time expired ac-cording to the previous UC? Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I be-lieve I have the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I believe I have the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader has the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Just to let every-body know, all I am doing is setting up a vote for Tuesday afternoon at 4:15. That is what I was asking consent on. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. MERKLEY. I reserve the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. MERKLEY. I reserve the right to object. Mr. President, I was very gracious in agreeing to a unanimous consent re-quest that would grant me 10 minutes. That was cut short by the filibuster of my colleague, who repeatedly brought me into the conversation and refused to yield for my question. So I ask unanimous to have 2 minutes to close. Mr. M
CCAIN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Is there objection to the majority leader’s request? Mr. MERKLEY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The majority leader. 
REQUEST FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have four requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. They have the approval of the ma-jority and minority leaders. Mr. MERKLEY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Duly noted. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. ALEXANDER ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 81, nays 17, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 27 Leg.] YEAS—81 
Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—17 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Leahy Markey Merkley Murphy Murray Sanders Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Moran 
The bill (S. 84) was passed, as follows: 
S. 84 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION AGAINST APPOINTMENT OF PERSONS AS SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE WITHIN SEVEN YEARS OF RELIEF FROM ACTIVE DUTY AS REGULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the sec-ond sentence of section 113(a) of title 10, United States Code, the first person ap-pointed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, as Secretary of Defense after the date of the enactment of this Act may be a person who is, on the date of appointment, within seven years after relief, but not with-in three years after relief, from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular com-ponent of the Armed Forces. (b) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—This section ap-plies only to the first person appointed as Secretary of Defense as described in sub-section (a) after the date of the enactment of this Act, and to no other person. f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.018 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES308 January 12, 2017 
in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Thereupon, the Senate, at 3:13 p.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 4:17 p.m. when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. C
ASSIDY ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
INVESTIGATION ON INTERNET SEX TRAFFICKERS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise today during Human Trafficking Awareness Week to talk about the scourge of human trafficking, and, spe-cifically, about an investigation that the Senate has just concluded that matters to every single State rep-resented in this Chamber and to every American. We are told now that human traf-ficking, including sex trafficking, is a $150 billion a year industry. That makes it the second largest criminal enterprise in the world, behind the drug trade. Unfortunately, it is hap-pening in all of our States, including my home State of Ohio. It is growing as a problem. A couple of weeks ago, two people were arrested in my home town of Cin-cinnati in connection with sex traf-ficking. Police charged a women with luring an underage girl to commit a sex act with a 56-year-old man. That was just 2 weeks after police in Blue Ash, OH, just up the road, broke up what they said was a sex trafficking ring at a hotel. Police said that two men and two women rented two rooms at a hotel, paying cash, and forced four different women to perform sex acts. The women were given crack cocaine and heroin, presumably to keep them dependent on their traffickers. This is what I am hearing back home a lot when I talk to victims of sex traf-ficking. Typically, drugs are involved. In Ohio, it is usually heroin. These cases are alarming, and, unfortunately, we have reasons to believe that the problem is getting worse not better. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, really, the expert on this issue, particularly of kids who get involved in sex trafficking, reports an 846-percent increase in reports of suspected child sex trafficking from 2010 to 2015. That is an over 800-percent increase just in those 5 years. The organization found this spike to be ‘‘directly correlated to the increased use of the Internet to sell children for sex.’’ So it is kind of the dark side of the Internet, isn’t it. What I am told sometimes by survivors of trafficking is that they say: Rob, this has moved from the street corner to the cell phone. There is widespread evidence that sex trafficking is increasingly doing that all over our country. In order to confront this problem, as chairman of the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, along with my colleague and ranking mem-ber Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , I opened a bipartisan investigation into sex traffickers and their use of the Internet. This investigation began about 2 years ago. The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children says that nearly three-quarters—73 per-cent—of all suspected child sex traf-ficking reports it receives from the general public through its cyber tip line are linked to one Web site—a sin-gle Web site. That Web site is called Backpage.com. According to a leading anti-traf-ficking organization called Shared Hope International, ‘‘[s]ervice pro-viders working with child sex traf-ficking victims have reported that be-tween 80 and 100 percent of their cli-ents have been bought and sold on Backpage.com.’’ Eighty to 100 percent of their clients have been bought and sold on Backpage.com. Again, that is consistent with every-thing I have heard when I have been back home and spoken to and met with sex trafficking survivors. Backpage now operates in 97 countries, 934 cities worldwide. It is valued at well over half a billion dollars. According to an in-dustry analysis, in 2013, 8 out of every 10 dollars spent on online commercial sex trafficking in the United States went to this one Web site, Backpage. Others, by the way, have chosen not to engage in this. There have been a number of cases around the country, including in Ohio, where Backpage.com was used by traffickers to sell underage girls for sex. Last spring, in my own State of Ohio, a man, who by the way has nine chil-dren of his own, was sentenced to 12 years in Federal prison for trafficking four underage girls who had run away from home in Akron and Canton, OH. He kept them locked in a hotel, sup-plied them with drugs like marijuana, heroin, and ecstasy, and sold them for sex on Backpage.com. When he was ar-rested, by the way, he was found with more than 8,000 bags of heroin. Just this week, or a week later after that, a man from Fort Wayne, IN, was charged with human trafficking and child prostitution after he was arrested on his way to Ohio. His intention, po-lice say, was to traffic a 14-year-old girl whom he had met on Facebook, raped, and whom he planned to sell on Backpage.com. Backpage says it leads the industry in its screening of advertisements for illegal activity. In fact, Backpage’s top lawyer has described their screening process as the key tool for disrupting and eventually ending human traf-ficking via the World Wide Web. But despite these boasts, this Web site and its owners consistently have refused to cooperate with our inves-tigation, with other investigations re-lating to lawsuits around the country. With regard to our situation, we sub-poenaed them for the documents, and they still refused to provide the docu-ments or to testify. As a result, as my colleagues will remember, this body, the Senate, for the first time in over 20 years, voted unanimously to pass a civil contempt citation to require them to supply the documents, to come for-ward with this information. In August a Federal court order re-jected Backpage’s objection to that subpoena and compelled the company to turn over the subpoenaed documents to the subcommittee. Backpage ap-pealed that and asked for a delay in that order. They took it all the way up to the Supreme Court of the United States. But their request was rejected. Since then, the subcommittee has been able to review the documents that have been submitted—over 1 million docu-ments—including emails and other in-ternal documents. What we found was very troubling, to say the least. After reviewing the docu-ments, the subcommittee published a staff report on Monday of this week that conclusively shows that Backpage has been more deeply complicit in on-line underage sex trafficking than any-one imagined. We reached three prin-ciple findings: first, that Backpage has knowingly covered up evidence of criminal activity by systematically ed-iting its so-called adult ads; second, that Backpage knows that it facilitates prostitution and even child sex traf-ficking; and third, that despite the re-ported sale of Backpage to an undis-closed foreign company in 2014, taking them outside of the United States, the true owners of the company are the founders—James Larkin, Michael Lacey, and Carl Ferrer, their chief ex-ecutive officer. First, on the editing of ads, our re-port shows that Backpage has know-ingly covered up evidence of crimes by systematically deleting words and im-ages suggestive of illegal conduct, in-cluding of child sex trafficking. That editing process sanitized the content of millions of advertisements in order to hide important evidence from law en-forcement. In 2006, Backpage executives in-structed staff to edit the text of adult ads, not to take them down but to edit them, which is exactly how they facili-tated this type of trafficking, including child sex trafficking. By October 2010, Backpage executives had a formal process in place of both manual and automated deletion of incriminating words and phrases in ads. Backpage CEO Carl Ferrer personally directed his employees to create an electronic filter to delete hundreds of words indicative of sex trafficking or prostitution from ads before they were published. Again, this filter did not reject the ads because of the obvious illegal ac-tivity. They only edited the ads to try to cover it up. The filter did not change what was advertised, only the way it was advertised. So Backpage did noth-ing to try to stop this criminal activ-ity. They facilitated it knowingly. Why did they do that? Backpage ex-ecutives were afraid they would erode their profits. It is a very profitable business. In Ferrer’s words, they were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.020 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S309 January 12, 2017 
afraid they would ‘‘piss off a lot’’ of customers. What terms did they delete? Beginning in 2010, Backpage automati-cally deleted words including ‘‘lolita’’—referencing a 12-year-old girl in a book who was sold for sex—‘‘teen-age,’’ ‘‘rape,’’ ‘‘young,’’ ‘‘little girl,’’ ‘‘teen,’’ ‘‘fresh,’’ ‘‘innocent,’’ ‘‘school girl,’’ and even ‘‘amber alert’’—and then published the edited versions of the ads on their Web site. Backpage also systematically deleted dozens of words related to prostitution. This filter made these deletions be-fore anyone at Backpage even looked at the ad. When law enforcement offi-cials asked for more information about the suspicious ads, as they have rou-tinely done, Backpage had already de-stroyed the original ad posted by the trafficker, and the evidence was gone. So this notion that they were trying to help law enforcement is in the face of the fact that they actually de-stroyed the ads that had the evidence. We will never know for sure how many girls and women were victimized as a result. By Backpage’s own estimate, the company was editing 70 to 80 per-cent of the ads in the adult section by late 2010. Based on our best estimate, that means Backpage was editing more than half a million ads every year. Internal emails indicate the company was using the filter to some extent as late as 2014. We simply don’t know if they are still using a filter. Eventually, Backpage re-programmed its filters to reject some ads that contained certain egregious words suggestive of sex trafficking. But the company did this by coach-ing its customers on how to post clean ads to help facilitate the criminal con-duct of these traffickers. So they did reject some ads, but then they went back to the customer to say: This is how you could do it better. For exam-ple, starting in 2012, a user advertising sex with a teen would get this error message: ‘‘Sorry, ‘teen’ is a banned term.’’ With a one-word change to the ad, the user would be permitted to post the same ad, the same offer. In October 2011, Backpage CEO Carl Ferrer di-rected his technology consultant to create an error message when a user entered an age under 18 years old. Just like the word filter, the customer could just enter a new age that the ad would then post. With regard to ownership, our inves-tigation revealed that acting through a serious of domestic and international shell companies, Backpage’s founders lent their CEO, Carl Ferrer, more than $600 million to buy the Web site. While Ferrer is the owner of Backpage, Backpage’s previous owners retain near total debt equity in the company and continue to reap Backpage’s profits in the form of their loan repayments. They can also exercise control over Backpage’s operations and financial af-fairs pursuant to the loans and to other agreements. The elaborate corporate structure under which Ferrer pur-chased Backpage through a series of foreign entities appears to provide ab-solutely no tax benefit—based on their accountant’s information to us—and serves only to obscure Ferrer’s U.S.- based ownership. Based on all of these findings, it is clear that Backpage actively and knowingly covered up criminal sexual activity—sex trafficking—that was taking place on its Web site, all in order to increase its profits at the ex-pense of the most vulnerable among us. Backpage has not denied a word of these findings. Instead, several hours after our report was issued, the com-pany closed what they call their adult section. They closed it down. Frankly, this just validates our findings. The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children said this about Backpage’s closure of its adult site: ‘‘As a result [of this closure], a child is now less likely to be sold for sex on Backpage.com.’’ No one is interested in shutting down legitimate commercial activity and speech, but we do want to put a stop to criminal activity. I want to thank Senator M
CCASKILL  and her staff for their shoulder-to- shoulder work with my team on the Permanent Subcommittee on Inves-tigations on this bipartisan investiga-tion. I am also grateful to the members of the full committee and the Senate as a whole for unanimously supporting us as we pursued the enforcement of this subpoena against Backpage.com. But we are not done. In the weeks and months ahead, I intend to explore whether potential legislative remedies are necessary and appropriate to end this type of facilitation of online sex trafficking. At a hearing on the report on Tues-day, Backpage CEO and other company officials pled the Fifth Amendment, in-voking the right against self-incrimi-nation, rather than respond to ques-tions about the report’s findings. The subcommittee also heard power-ful testimony from parents whose chil-dren had been trafficked on Backpage.com. One mother talked about seeing her missing daughter’s photograph on Backpage.com, fran-tically calling the company to tell them that was her daughter and to please take down the ad. Their response: Did you post the ad? Her response: Of course I didn’t post the ad. That is my daughter. Please take it down. Their response: We can only take it down if you paid for the ad. I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort to ensure that does not hap-pen again. What happens to these kids is not just tragic; it is evil. I urge my colleagues to join me in re-forming our laws so they work better to protect these children. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WAIVER LEGISLATION FOR THE NEXT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is faced with a clear but com-plicated choice: support this expedited legislation that will pave the way for the confirmation of the next nominee to be Secretary of Defense or embroil one of the most consequential Cabinet positions—and with it the lives of thousands of men and women, as well as our national defense—in what would surely become a legal and legislative morass. The Framers of the Constitution es-tablished that the Senate should pro-vide advice and consent in the appoint-ment of such Cabinet nominees. Con-gress subsequently, in the aftermath of World War II, sought to implement limitations on who could serve as Sec-retary of Defense, specifically, a cool-ing off period for members of the mili-tary nominated to serve as Secretary of Defense. The goal? To ensure that America’s military would remain under civilian control. Circumventing these limitations requires an act of Congress. It has been done just once before, iron-ically almost immediately after Con-gress first enacted those limitations. In Gen. Mattis, the President-elect— who is inexperienced in the world of military affairs and has sometimes proven rash in his public comments— has identified an able leader, who is tremendously popular and who has time and again shown himself worthy of the respect he has earned. I believe he will be a voice of reason in the De-partment of Defense and was encour-aged to hear at his confirmation hear-ing this morning that he understands the importance of civilian control of our Defense Department and intends to preserve that tradition. As Senator R
EEDsaid earlier today in the Armed Services Committee, this is a once-in-a-generation waiver. Chair-man M
CCAINsimilarly emphasized that he supports the law that this legisla-tion would temporarily waive. I do not support efforts to change the law to permanently eliminate this statutory cooling off period. I am disappointed that the Senate majority has insisted on creating an expedited debate on such a critical question. I cannot sup-port such an abrupt and accelerated re-vision of the law, even in the form of a one-time-only exemption. I couldn’t support such a haphazard process, re-gardless of who the President, Presi-dent-elect, or the nominee is. As I said in December when the Sen-ate considered the legislation that paved the way for this rushed process today, my vote on this bill does not foreshadow my vote on Gen. Mattis’s nomination. I do believe that Gen. Mattis can respect the boundaries that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.022 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES310 January 12, 2017 
make our Armed Forces the strongest in the world. I believe Gen. Mattis will offer a critical perspective to an inex-perienced and sometimes volatile in-coming Commander in Chief. And those are reasons why I believe he may re-ceive my support when the Senate con-siders his nomination. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MACK COLE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Mack Cole of Treasure Coun-ty, a third generation Montanan and dedicated public servant. Next month, Mr. Cole will celebrate 55 years of mar-riage with his wife, Judy. Mack and Judy Cole were married in February 10, 1962, in the town of Hysham, one of the many beautiful small communities in the quiet and peaceful high plains of eastern Montana. After marriage, Mr. and Mrs. Cole spent 2 years in South America, pro-viding much needed services while working for the Food for Peace Pro-gram in Brazil. Mr. Cole’s experience in South America would serve as a trail-head for a lifelong journey of civic minded virtue and dedication on behalf of his fellow citizens. In the late 1970s, Mr. and Mrs. Cole moved down the road, west on I–90 to Billings, MT, and they continued to build upon their honorable records of public service. During this chapter of his life, Mr. Cole worked for the Bureau of Indian Affairs in multiple western States and was involved in a wide vari-ety of programs, including the develop-ment of irrigation projects. His work with the Bureau of Indian Affairs took him to Wyoming, Arizona, Utah, and Nevada. After retiring from the Bureau of Indian Affairs in 1993, the Coles moved back to the family ranch out-side of Hysham. Mr. Cole continued his distinguished record of public service by representing the people of Treasure County in the Montana Legislature, retiring from the State senate in 2003. During his time in legislature and even after retirement from public life, Mr. Cole has always been a steadfast supporter of respon-sible energy development, a critical component for the livelihood of many of his friends and neighbors. His humble efforts to help provide food to the hungry, keep water flowing to farms and ranches ensuring energy was always ready at the flip of a switch make him a great Montanan. It is hard to find a better example of a fellow Montanan that is always ready to offer a helping hand. I want to express my deep gratitude to Mr. Cole for his dedication and serv-ice to Montana and our country. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BYRON BIRDSALL ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, Alaskans tend to view our State as a big family, a family whose members come from many places but are united in our love and loyalty for our great land. And like any family, Alaska has been blessed with outstanding sons and daughters, distinguished in their own unique ways. Today I wish to pay tribute to the memory of one such Alaskan, ac-claimed watercolorist Byron Birdsall. Byron’s passing on December 4, 2016, just 2 weeks shy of his 79th birthday, leaves a hole not just in the hearts of Alaskans, but in the art world itself. Given the indelible impact that By-ron’s prolific volume of work has had on Alaskans over the last 41 years, it is all the more impressive, considering that he lived the first half of his life outside the State. Born in Buckeye, Arizona on Decem-ber 18, 1937, Byron was raised in the suburbs of Los Angeles. After grad-uating with a bachelor’s degree in his-tory from Seattle Pacific College in 1959, Byron attended Stanford Univer-sity. Following his 1960 marriage to his beloved Lynn, who succumbed to breast cancer in 1998, the couple set out to travel the world. The couple trav-eled to Africa to teach English and ex-plored the Pacific, living in American Samoa for a few years. They then re-turned for a job in Seattle before arriv-ing in Anchorage for a job at an adver-tising agency, which he soon quit to paint full time. He recalled that it was 1975, during the pipeline boom that he was painting pictures. ‘‘People started buying them so I quit work and started painting.’’ Byron painted Alaska. He later ex-plained to the Anchorage Daily News, ‘‘Alaskans love Alaska. That’s what they want to buy.’’ Despite his talent in multiple medi-ums, including portraiture and oils, Byron will likely be best remembered for his prolific work in watercolor and landscapes, and, perhaps rightly so, as many of the pieces and prints so famil-iar to most Alaskans were in that for-mat. His work is so highly regarded that one of his prints, ‘‘McKinley Moonlight,’’ was selected to serve as a background for Alaska’s heirloom mar-riage certificates. As his wife Billie said, Byron was ‘‘inspired by both the scenic beauty of Alaska and its peo-ple.’’ Alaska Dispatch News writer David James described Byron’s landscapes for a recent book Byron completed this year as ‘‘rich with color and detail. His summer scenes explode with flowers, animals and sunlight, while his images of winter, where snow covers the ground and twilight darkens the sky, are alive with elaborate hues and stel-lar lighting that belie the notion of Alaska as a desolate wasteland for half the year.’’ But I would be remiss if I did not take a moment to highlight for the record that Byron’s work was not just the beautiful landscapes that Alaskans love so much. Rather, he helped cata-log the history of the 49th State. Among the many honors we have as Senators is adorning our offices with artwork that represent our States. In my case, that includes two of Byron’s prints proudly hanging in the hallway leading to my office. While the first is one of his traditional moonlit land-scapes, the other is ‘‘Anchorage Land Auction, 1915.’’ It features a crowd huddled in what was then no more than a tent city near Ship Creek, in what would eventually become downtown Anchorage. Byron’s painting reminds me not just of those pioneers who ven-tured to Alaska with the promise of a new life waiting to be carved out of the wilderness but, despite how far Alaska has come, how much raw potential still remains. Despite our rich history and herit-age, we are a young State, and many of our founding generation has been—and is now—passing from the scene. How-ever, whether through his capturing of the 75th Annual Anchorage Fur Ren-dezvous Festival or ‘‘Fur Rondy,’’ fea-turing Rondy 10-time champion George Attla racing his sled dog team down 4th Avenue, or in his painting the his-toric devastation to downtown Anchor-age following the 1964 earthquake, Byron was interpreting and memori-alizing the highs and lows of our his-tory for generations of Alaskans to come. I can think of no better way to end than with Byron’s own words about his life: ‘‘A dream come true. That is what Alaska has given to me. Incredible beauty for subject matter, and a recep-tive public have combined to allow me to do what I love best, painting all day, every day for more than 41 years.’’ On behalf of grateful Alaskans and my fellow Senators, I extend my condo-lences to Billie and Byron’s family. With Byron’s passing, Alaska has lost a cultural icon, but his substantial body of work lives on forever.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:53 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5. An act to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments, to clarify the nature of judicial re-view of agency interpretations, to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 39. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Inno-vation Fellows Program, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5. An act to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments, to clarify the nature of judicial re-view of agency interpretations, to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.015 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S311 January 12, 2017 
complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–440. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP): Eligi-bility, Certification, and Employment and Training Provisions of the Food, Conserva-tion and Energy Act of 2008’’ (RIN0584–AD87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–441. A communication from the Super-visory Regulatory Analyst, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fees for Official Inspection and Official Weighing Services Under the United States Grain Standards Act (USGSA)’’ (7 CFR Part 800) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–442. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to realistic sur-vivability testing of the OHIO Replacement Ballistic Missile Submarine (SSBN) (OSS– 2017–0022); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–443. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acquisition Reports (SARs) as of September 30, 2016 (OSS–2017–0024); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–444. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Failure of Con-tractors, Participating under the DoD Test Program for a Comprehensive Subcon-tracting Plan, to Meet Their Negotiated Goals’’ ; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–445. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regu-latory Capital Rules: Implementation of Capital Requirements for Global System-ically Important Bank Holding Companies’’ (RIN7100–AE49) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 10, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–446. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Residential Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps’’ (RIN1904–AD37) received in the Office of the President of Senate on Jan-uary 11, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–447. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Efficiency Standards for the Design and Construction of New Federal Low-Rise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update’’ (RIN1904–AD56) received in the Office of the President of Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–448. A communication from the Chief of the Policy, Performance, and Management Programs Division, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Refuge-Specific Regulations; Public Use; Kenai National Wildlife Refuge’’ (RIN1018–AX56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–449. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Branch of Conservation and Communications, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Revisions to the Regulations for Can-didate Conservation Agreements With Assur-ances’’ (RIN1018–BB25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–450. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Onshore Oil and Gas Order Number 1, Approval of Operations’’ (RIN1004–AE37) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 10, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–451. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Gen-eral Counsel, Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Update to Incor-porate FOIA Improvement Act of 2016 Re-quirements’’ ((RIN3150–AJ84) (NRC–2016– 0171)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 10, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–452. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0026); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–453. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0025); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–454. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0021); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–455. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0018); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–456. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0017); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–457. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0019); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–458. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0016); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–459. A communication from the Senior Advisor, Bureau of Political-Military Af-fairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation, of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0020); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–460. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the establishment of the danger pay allowance for Philippines: Mindanao Regions with Mindanao; Autono-mous Region of Muslim Mindanao; Zamboanga Peninsula; Northern Mindanao; Davao Region; and Soccsksargen Caraga; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–461. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the elimination of the danger pay allowance; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–462. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inter-national Traffic in Arms Regulations: Inter-national Trade Data System, Reporting’’ (RIN1400–AE07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–463. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–95; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–95) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–464. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Uniform Use of Line Items’’ ((RIN9000–AM73) (FAC 2005–95)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–465. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Acquisition Threshold for Spe-cial Emergency Procurement Authority’’ ((RIN9000–AN18) (FAC 2005–95)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.005 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES312 January 12, 2017 
EC–466. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Contractor Employee Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements’’ ((RIN9000–AN04) (FAC 2005–95)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–467. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Contracts Under the Small Busi-ness Administration 8(a) Program’’ ((RIN9000–AM68) (FAC 2005–95)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–468. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Prohibition on Reimbursement for Congressional Investigations and Inquir-ies’’ ((RIN9000–AM97) (FAC 2005–95)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–469. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–95; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–95) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–470. A communication from the Chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015 FAIR Act Commercial and Inherently Gov-ernmental Activities Inventory; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–471. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the annual report from the Attorney General to Congress relative to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absen-tee Voting Act; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–472. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the annual report from the Attorney General to Congress relative to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absen-tee Voting Act; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–473. A communication from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustain-able Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area; Amer-ican Fisheries Act; Amendment 113’’ (RIN0648–BF54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–474. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Federal Maritime Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Inflation Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalties’’ (RIN3072–AC66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 11, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–475. A communication from the Chair of the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Pan-el’s annual report for 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–9. A petition from a citizen of the State of Minnesota relative to the Minnesota Presidential Certificate of Vote; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amendments: S. Res. 6. A resolution objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 and to all efforts that undermine direct ne-gotiations between Israel and the Palestin-ians for a secure and peaceful settlement. By Mr. McCAIN, from the Committee on Armed Services, without amendment: S. 84. A bill to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commis-sioned officer of the Armed Forces. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE—TREATY The following executive report of committee was submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations. Treaty Doc. 114–12: Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro (Ex. Rept. 115–1) 
The Text of the committee-rec-ommended resolution of advice and consent to ratification is as follows: 
As reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations: Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to Declarations, an Understanding, and Conditions. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Protocol to the North At-lantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, which was opened for signature at Brussels on May 19, 2016, and signed that day on behalf of the United States of Amer-ica (the ‘‘Protocol’’) (Treaty Doc. 114–12), subject to the declarations of section 2 and the conditions of section 3. Sec. 2. Declarations. The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declarations: (1) R
EAFFIRMATION THAT UNITED STATES  
MEMBERSHIP IN NATO REMAINS A VITAL NA -
TIONAL SECURITY INTEREST OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The Senate declares that— (A) for more than 60 years the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization (NATO) has served as the preeminent organization to defend the countries in the North Atlantic area against all external threats; (B) through common action, the estab-lished democracies of North America and Eu-rope that were joined in NATO persevered and prevailed in the task of ensuring the sur-vival of democratic government in Europe and North America throughout the Cold War; (C) NATO enhances the security of the United States by embedding European states in a process of cooperative security planning and by ensuring an ongoing and direct lead-ership role for the United States in European security affairs; (D) the responsibility and financial burden of defending the democracies of Europe and North America can be more equitably shared through an alliance in which specific obliga-tions and force goals are met by its mem-bers; (E) the security and prosperity of the United States is enhanced by NATO’s collec-tive defense against aggression that may threaten the security of NATO members; and (F) United States membership in NATO re-mains a vital national security interest of the United States. (2) STRATEGIC RATIONALE FOR NATO EN -
LARGEMENT .—The Senate finds that— (A) the United States and its NATO allies face continued threats to their stability and territorial integrity; (B) an attack against Montenegro, or its destabilization arising from external subver-sion, would threaten the stability of Europe and jeopardize United States national secu-rity interests; (C) Montenegro, having established a democratic government and having dem-onstrated a willingness to meet the require-ments of membership, including those nec-essary to contribute to the defense of all NATO members, is in a position to further the principles of the North Atlantic Treaty and to contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area; and (D) extending NATO membership to Monte-negro will strengthen NATO, enhance sta-bility in Southeast Europe, and advance the interests of the United States and its NATO allies. (3) S
UPPORT FOR NATO ’S OPEN DOOR POL -
ICY.—The policy of the United States is to support NATO’s Open Door Policy that al-lows any European country to express its de-sire to join NATO and demonstrate its abil-ity to meet the obligations of NATO mem-bership. (4) F
UTURE CONSIDERATION OF CANDIDATES  
FOR MEMBERSHIP IN NATO .— (A) S
ENATE FINDING .—The Senate finds that the United States will not support the accession to the North Atlantic Treaty of, or the invitation to begin accession talks with, any European state (other than Monte-negro), unless— (i) the President consults with the Senate consistent with Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States (re-lating to the advice and consent of the Sen-ate to the making of treaties); and (ii) the prospective NATO member can ful-fill all of the obligations and responsibilities of membership, and the inclusion of such state in NATO would serve the overall polit-ical and strategic interests of NATO and the United States. (B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR CONSENSUS AND RATI -
FICATION .—The Senate declares that no ac-tion or agreement other than a consensus de-cision by the full membership of NATO, ap-proved by the national procedures of each NATO member, including, in the case of the United States, the requirements of Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States (relating to the advice and consent of the Senate to the making of trea-ties), will constitute a commitment to col-lective defense and consultations pursuant to Articles 4 and 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.008 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S313 January 12, 2017 
(5) I NFLUENCE OF NON -NATO MEMBERS ON  
NATO DECISIONS .—The Senate declares that any country that is not a member of NATO shall have no impact on decisions related to NATO enlargement. (6) S
UPPORT FOR 2014 WALES SUMMIT DEFENSE  
SPENDING BENCHMARK .—The Senate declares that all NATO members should continue to move towards the guideline outlined in the 2014 Wales Summit Declaration to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their Gross Domes-tic Product (GDP) on defense and 20 percent of their defense budgets on major equipment, including research and development, by 2024. (7) S
UPPORT FOR MONTENEGRO ’S DEMOCRATIC  
REFORM PROCESS .—Montenegro has made dif-ficult reforms and taken steps to address corruption. The United States and other NATO member states should not consider this important process complete and should continue to urge additional reforms. Sec. 3. Conditions. The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following conditions: (1) P
RESIDENTIAL CERTIFICATION .—Prior to the deposit of the instrument of ratification, the President shall certify to the Senate as follows: (A) The inclusion of Montenegro in NATO will not have the effect of increasing the overall percentage share of the United States in the common budgets of NATO. (B) The inclusion of Montenegro in NATO does not detract from the ability of the United States to meet or to fund its military requirements outside the North Atlantic area. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NATO MEMBER DE -
FENSE SPENDING .—Not later than December 1 of each year during the 8-year period fol-lowing the date of entry into force of the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report, which shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may be accompanied by a classified annex, and which shall contain the following informa-tion: (A) The amount each NATO member spent on its national defense in each of the pre-vious 5 years. (B) The percentage of GDP for each of the previous 5 years that each NATO member spent on its national defense. (C) The percentage of national defense spending for each of the previous 5 years that each NATO member spent on major equipment, including research and develop-ment. (D) Details on the actions a NATO member has taken in the most recent year reported to move closer towards the NATO guideline outlined in the 2014 Wales Summit Declara-tion to spend a minimum of 2 percent of its GDP on national defense and 20 percent of its national defense budget on major equipment, including research and development, if a NATO member is below either guideline for the most recent year reported. Sec. 4. Definitions. In this resolution: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on For-eign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (2) NATO 
MEMBERS .—The term ‘‘NATO members’’ means all countries that are par-ties to the North Atlantic Treaty. (3) N
ON-NATO MEMBERS .—The term ‘‘non- NATO members’’ means all countries that are not parties to the North Atlantic Treaty. (4) N
ORTH ATLANTIC AREA .—The term ‘‘North Atlantic area’’ means the area cov-ered by Article 6 of the North Atlantic Trea-ty, as applied by the North Atlantic Council. (5) NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY .—The term ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty’’ means the North Atlantic Treaty, signed at Washington April 4, 1949 (63 Stat. 2241; TIAS 1964), as amended. (6) U
NITED STATES INSTRUMENT OF RATIFICA -
TION.—The term ‘‘United States instrument of ratification’’ means the instrument of ratification of the United States of the Pro-tocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. R ISCH, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. L EE, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M
CCONNELL , and Mr. B LUNT ): S. 107. A bill to prohibit voluntary or as-sessed contributions to the United Nations until the President certifies to Congress that United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 has been repealed; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 108. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. D AINES , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 109. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 110. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a con-stituent-driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-sup-port tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 111. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to establish a process to determine whether individuals claiming certain service in the Philippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Missouri List, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 112. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize per diem payments under comprehensive service programs for homeless veterans to furnish care to depend-ents of homeless veterans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. TESTER ): S. 113. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to increase the use of medical scribes to maximize the efficiency of physicians at medical facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 114. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report re-garding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HELLER: S. 115. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 116. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same manner and to the same extent as retired members of the Armed Forces en-titled to such travel; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 117. A bill to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. K
ING, Mrs. C APITO , and Ms. C OL-
LINS): S. 118. A bill to make exclusive the author-ity of the Federal Government to regulate the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or for-eign commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. T ILLIS ): S. 119. A bill to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agree-ments by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HELLER: S. 120. A bill to provide for the creation of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Collection at the National Archives, to re-quire the expeditious public transmission to the Archivist and public disclosure of Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. HELLER: S. 121. A bill to establish the veterans’ business outreach center program, to im-prove the programs for veterans of the Small Business Administration, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.011 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES314 January 12, 2017 
S. 122. A bill to prevent homeowners from being forced to pay taxes on forgiven mort-gage loan debt; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. C RUZ): S. 123. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a default configura-tion that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 124. A bill to prohibit brand name drug companies from compensating generic drug companies to delay the entry of a generic drug into the market; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 125. A bill to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 to impose penalties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and dam-ages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 126. A bill to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to repeal provisions requiring uniform State driver’s licenses and State identifica-tion cards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 127. A bill to provide provisional pro-tected presence to qualified individuals who came to the United States as children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. S CHUMER , and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 128. A bill to provide provisional pro-tected presence to qualified individuals who came to the United States as children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ): S. 129. A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 130. A bill to require enforcement against misbranded milk alternatives; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 131. A bill to provide for the exchange of certain National Forest System land and non-Federal land in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. R
ISCH, and Mr. R UBIO): S. 132. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide for congressional and State approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monu-ments; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. BURR: S. 133. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mrs. FISCHER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 134. A bill to expand the prohibition on misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 135. A bill to redesignate Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 136. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ISAKSON: S. 137. A bill to expand the boundary of Fort Frederica National Monument in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 138. A bill to impose sanctions on per-sons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq and to ad-dress the emergency in Syria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. F
LAKE , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 139. A bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their condi-tions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 140. A bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 141. A bill to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 142. A bill to expand certain empower-ment zone provisions to communities receiv-ing a Worker Adjustment and Retraining No-tification Act notice, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 143. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or certification required by reason of a permanent change in the duty station of such member to another State; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 144. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the estab-lishment of Promise Zones; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER: S. 145. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to the eco-nomic and national security and manufac-turing competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MCCAIN: S. 146. A bill to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S.J. Res. 4. A joint resolution disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Coun-cil in approving the Death with Dignity Act of 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. Res. 12. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that clean water is a na-tional priority, and that the June 29, 2015, Waters of the United States Rule should be withdrawn or vacated; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. L EE, Mr. S COTT, and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Res. 13. A resolution recognizing the his-torical importance of Associate Justice Clar-ence Thomas; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. S
COTT): S. Res. 14. A resolution commending the Clemson University Tigers football team for winning the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 21 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 21, a bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law. 
S. 30 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 30, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. 68 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 68, a bill to require the Secretary of State to submit a report to Congress on the designation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist or-ganization, and for other purposes. 
S. 87 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 87, a bill to ensure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.014 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S315 January 12, 2017 
State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to pro-tect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
S. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 6, a resolution ob-jecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 and to all ef-forts that undermine direct negotia-tions between Israel and the Palestin-ians for a secure and peaceful settle-ment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 9 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 117. A bill to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 117 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that Alex Diekmann— (1) was a loving father of two and an ador-ing husband who lived in Bozeman, Montana, where he was a renowned conservationist who dedicated his career to protecting some of the most outstanding natural and scenic resource areas of the Northern Rockies; (2) was responsible during his unique con-servation career for the protection of more than 50 distinct areas in the States of Mon-tana, Wyoming, and Idaho, conserving for the public over 100,000 acres of iconic moun-tains and valleys, rivers and creeks, ranches and farms, and historic sites and open spaces; (3) played a central role in securing the fu-ture of an array of special landscapes, in-cluding— (A) the spectacular Devil’s Canyon in the Craig Thomas Special Management Area in the State of Wyoming; (B) crucial fish and wildlife habitat and recreation access land in the Sawtooth Mountains of Idaho, along the Salmon River, and near the Canadian border; and (C) diverse and vitally important land all across the Crown of the Continent in the State of Montana, from the world-famous Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem to Glacier National Park to the Cabinet-Yaak Eco-system, to the recreational trails, working forests and ranches, and critical drinking water supply for Whitefish, and beyond; (4) made a particularly profound mark on the preservation of the natural wonders in and near the Madison Valley and the Madi-son Range, Montana, where more than 12 miles of the Madison River and much of the world-class scenery, fish and wildlife, and recreation opportunities of the area have be-come and shall remain conserved and avail-able to the public because of his efforts; (5) inspired others with his skill, passion, and spirit of partnership that brought to-gether communities, landowners, sportsmen, and the public at large; (6) lost a heroic battle with cancer on Feb-ruary 1, 2016, at the age of 52; (7) is survived by his wife, Lisa, and their 2 sons, Logan and Liam; and (8) leaves a lasting legacy across Montana and the Northern Rockies that will benefit all people of the United States in our time and in the generations to follow. SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK, MONTANA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The unnamed 9,765-foot peak located 2.2 miles west-northwest of Fin-ger Mountain on the western boundary of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness, Montana (UTM co-ordinates Zone 12, 457966 E., 4982589 N.), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the peak de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Mrs. F ISCH-
ER, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. T ILLIS ): S. 119. A bill to impose certain limi-tations on consent decrees and settle-ment agreements by agencies that re-quire the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, for too long, American families, farmers, and job creators have suffered under President Obama’s regulatory on-slaught. His administration threw cau-tion to wind, pumping out regulation after regulation and further entangling the government into Americans’ daily lives. In November, the American people issued a strong rebuke to President Obama’s overreach and his administra-tion’s way of doing business. They want a new direction. They want more accountability. They want more transparency. They want the gov-ernment off their backs so that they can get back to making this country great again. President-elect Trump has com-mitted to working with Congress to roll back the regulatory overreach of the Obama administration, and to making the government more answer-able to the people. So, I rise today to introduce an im-portant piece of legislation that will help achieve these goals and ensure a more accountable and transparent gov-ernment going forward. By some estimates, Federal Govern-ment regulations impose over $2 tril-lion in compliance costs—on the Amer-ican economy. The cost of complying with all these regulations falls particu-larly heavy on small businesses. It is no wonder why many American businesses have shut down or moved overseas. How many innovators dreamed of starting a small business but decided against it when faced with the burden and uncertainty of our reg-ulatory state? We have to do better. The Federal Government should do everything possible to promote job cre-ation. To accomplish that, common sense would tell us that the govern-ment needs to remove bureaucratic barriers rather than put up new ones. But as we all know, the Obama ad-ministration showed time and again that it would rather push forward with its regulatory agenda than ease the burden on our economy and job cre-ators. Adding insult to injury, the Obama administration often kept folks in the dark about new regulatory initiatives. Through secretive litigation tactics, the administration took end-runs around our nation’s transparency and accountability laws. It is a strategy known as sue-and-settle, and regu-lators have been using it to speed up rulemaking and keep the public away from the table when key policy deci-sions are made. Sue-and-settle typically follows a similar pattern. First, an interest group files a law-suit against a federal agency, claiming that the agency has failed to take a certain regulatory action by a statu-tory deadline. The interest group seeks to compel the agency to take action by a new, often-rushed deadline. All too often, the plaintiff-interest group will be one that shares a common regu-latory agenda with the agency that it sues, such as when an environmental group sues the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, EPA. Next, the agency and interest group enter into negotiations behind closed doors to produce either a settlement agreement or consent decree that com-mits the agency to satisfy the interest group’s demands. The agreement is then approved by a court, binding exec-utive discretion. Noticeably absent from these nego-tiations, however, are the very parties who will be most impacted by the re-sulting regulations. Sue-and-settle tactics undermine transparency, public accountability, and the quality of public policy. They can have sweeping consequences. For example, the Obama administration’s so-called Clean Power Plan, which is the most expensive regulation ever to be imposed on the energy industry, arose out of a sue-and-settle arrange-ment. These tactics also undermine con-gressional intent. The Administrative Procedure Act, APA, which has been called the citi-zens’ ‘‘regulatory bill of rights,’’ was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.017 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES316 January 12, 2017 
enacted to ensure transparency and ac-countability in the regulatory process. A key protection is the notice-and- comment process, which requires agen-cies to provide notice of proposed regu-lations and to respond to comments submitted by the public. Rulemaking through sue-and-settle, however, frequently results in re- aligned agency agendas and short dead-lines for regulatory action. This makes the notice-and-comment process a mere formality. It deprives regulated entities, the States and the general public of sufficient time to have any meaningful input. The resulting regulatory action is driven not by the public interest, but by special interest priorities, and can come as a complete surprise to those most affected by it. Sue-and-settle litigation also helps agencies avoid accountability. Instead of having to answer to the public for controversial regulations and policy decisions, agency officials can just point to a court order entering the agreement and say that they were re-quired to take action under its terms. We should also keep in mind that these agreements can have lasting im-pacts on the ability of future adminis-trations to take a different policy ap-proach—such as to remove regulatory burdens on farmers. Not only does this raise serious concerns about bad public policy, it also puts into question the constitutional impact of one adminis-tration’s actions binding the hands of its successors. Sue-and-settle, and the consequences that come from such tactics, is not a new phenomenon. Evidence of sue-and- settle tactics and closed-door rule-making can be found in nearly every administration over the previous few decades. But without a doubt, there was an alarming increase under the Obama ad-ministration. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce found that just during President Obama’s first term, 60 Clean Air Act lawsuits against the EPA were resolved through consent decrees or settlement agreements. And since 2009, sue-and-settle cases against the EPA have imposed at least $13 billion in annual regulatory costs. But we now have an opportunity to curb these abuses, and an incoming ad-ministration that has committed to reining in the regulators. That is why today I am introducing the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act. Senators B
LUNT , I
NHOFE , CORNYN , CRUZ, FISCHER , RUBIO, F
LAKE , HATCH , and T ILLIS are cospon-sors of this important bill. And I’m pleased that Representative D
OUGCOL-
LINS introduced a companion bill today in the House. The Sunshine bill increases trans-parency by shedding light on sue-and- settle tactics. It requires agencies to publish sue-and-settle complaints in a readily accessible manner. It requires agencies to publish pro-posed consent decrees and settlement agreements at least 60 days before they can be filed with a court. This provides a valuable opportunity for the public to weigh-in, which will increase ac-countability in the rulemaking proc-ess. The bill makes it easier for affected parties, such as States and businesses, to intervene in these lawsuits and set-tlement negotiations to ensure that their interests are properly rep-resented. It requires the Attorney Gen-eral to certify to a court that he or she has personally approved of the terms of certain proposed consent decrees or settlement agreements. And it requires courts to consider whether the terms of a proposed agreement are contrary to the public interest. The bill also makes it easier for suc-ceeding administrations to modify a prior administration’s consent decrees. That way, one administration won’t be forced to continue the regulatory ex-cesses of another. The Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act will shine light on the problem of sue-and-settle. It will help rein in backroom rulemaking, en-courage the appropriate use of consent decrees and settlements, and reinforce the procedures that Congress laid out decades ago to ensure a transparent and accountable regulatory process. I thank my colleagues for their sup-port of this bill. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 126. A bill to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to repeal provisions requir-ing uniform State driver’s licenses and State identification cards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, in 2005, the Federal Government enacted the REAL ID Act, imposing Federal stand-ards established by the Department of Homeland Security to the process and production of the issuance of States’ driver’s licenses and identification cards. This law was an underfunded, top down, Federal mandate, infringing on personal privacy, increasing the per-sonal information susceptible to cyber- attacks, and undermining State sov-ereignty. Furthermore, a REAL ID compliant State ID will be required for all ‘‘official federal purposes,’’ includ-ing boarding commercial aircraft, im-peding the movement of American citi-zens. Montana led opposition to this Fed-eral mandate. In 2007, Montana enacted a law, after both chambers of the State legislature unanimously passing legis-lation, refusing to comply. That is why I am reintroducing the Repeal ID Act—to allow Montana and other States to implement their laws, protecting their sovereignty and citi-zens’ information. Consistent with the Montana State legislature, this legisla-tion will repeal the REAL ID Act of 2005. Montanans are fully aware of the power that big data holds and the con-sequences when that data is abused. Montana has shown how States are best equipped to make licenses secure, without sacrificing the privacy and rights of their citizens. The Repeal ID Act will allow us to strike a balance that protects our national security, while also safeguarding Montanans’ civil liberties and personal privacy. I want to thank Senators PAUL and T
ESTER for being original cosponsors of this bill and I ask my other Senate col-leagues to join us in support of this legislation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 126 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Repeal ID Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENTS FOR UNI-FORM STATE DRIVER’S LICENSES AND STATE IDENTIFICATION CARDS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Title II of the Real ID Act of 2005 (division B of Public Law 109–13) is amended by striking sections 201 through 205 (49 U.S.C. 30301 note). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
RIMINAL CODE .—Section 1028(a)(8) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘false or actual authentication fea-tures’’ and inserting ‘‘false identification features’’. (2) I
NTELLIGENCE REFORM AND TERRORISM  
PREVENTION ACT OF 2004 .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subtitle B of title VII of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458) is amended by inserting after section 7211 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7212. DRIVER’S LICENSES AND PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION CARDS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
RIVER ’S LICENSE .—The term ‘driver’s license’ means a motor vehicle operator’s li-cense (as defined in section 30301(5) of title 49, United States Code). ‘‘(2) P
ERSONAL IDENTIFICATION CARD .—The term ‘personal identification card’ means an identification document (as defined in sec-tion 1028(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code) that has been issued by a State. ‘‘(b) S
TANDARDS FOR ACCEPTANCE BY FED-
ERAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION ON ACCEPTANCE .—No Fed- eral agency may accept, for any official pur-pose, a driver’s license or personal identifica-tion card newly issued by a State more than 2 years after the promulgation of the min-imum standards under paragraph (2) unless the driver’s license or personal identification card conforms to such minimum standards. ‘‘(B) D
ATE FOR CONFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish a date after which no driver’s license or personal identification card shall be accepted by a Federal agency for any offi-cial purpose unless such driver’s license or personal identification card conforms to the minimum standards established under para-graph (2). The date shall be as early as the Secretary determines it is practicable for the States to comply with such date with reasonable efforts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.021 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S317 January 12, 2017 
‘‘(C) S TATE CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each State shall certify to the Secretary of Transportation that the State is in compliance with the require-ments of this section. ‘‘(ii) F
REQUENCY .—Certifications under clause (i) shall be made at such intervals and in such a manner as the Secretary of Trans-portation, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, may prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(iii) A
UDITS .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation may conduct periodic audits of each State’s compliance with the requirements of this section. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM STANDARDS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish, by regulation, min-imum standards for driver’s licenses or per-sonal identification cards issued by a State for use by Federal agencies for identification purposes that shall include— ‘‘(A) standards for documentation required as proof of identity of an applicant for a driver’s license or personal identification card; ‘‘(B) standards for the verifiability of docu-ments used to obtain a driver’s license or personal identification card; ‘‘(C) standards for the processing of appli-cations for driver’s licenses and personal identification cards to prevent fraud; ‘‘(D) standards for information to be in-cluded on each driver’s license or personal identification card, including— ‘‘(i) the person’s full legal name; ‘‘(ii) the person’s date of birth; ‘‘(iii) the person’s gender; ‘‘(iv) the person’s driver’s license or per-sonal identification card number; ‘‘(v) a digital photograph of the person; ‘‘(vi) the person’s address of principal resi-dence; and ‘‘(vii) the person’s signature; ‘‘(E) standards for common machine-read-able identity information to be included on each driver’s license or personal identifica-tion card, including defined minimum data elements; ‘‘(F) security standards to ensure that driver’s licenses and personal identification cards are— ‘‘(i) resistant to tampering, alteration, or counterfeiting; and ‘‘(ii) capable of accommodating and ensur-ing the security of a digital photograph or other unique identifier; and ‘‘(G) a requirement that a State confiscate a driver’s license or personal identification card if any component or security feature of the license or identification card is com-promised. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENT OF REGULATIONS .—The regula-tions required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) shall facilitate communication be-tween the chief driver licensing official of a State, an appropriate official of a Federal agency and other relevant officials, to verify the authenticity of documents, as appro-priate, issued by such Federal agency or en-tity and presented to prove the identity of an individual; ‘‘(B) may not infringe on a State’s power to set criteria concerning what categories of individuals are eligible to obtain a driver’s license or personal identification card from that State; ‘‘(C) may not require a State to comply with any such regulation that conflicts with or otherwise interferes with the full enforce-ment of State criteria concerning the cat-egories of individuals that are eligible to ob-tain a driver’s license or personal identifica-tion card from that State; ‘‘(D) may not require a single design to which driver’s licenses or personal identi-fication cards issued by all States must con-form; and ‘‘(E) shall include procedures and require-ments to protect the privacy rights of indi-viduals who apply for and hold driver’s li-censes and personal identification cards. ‘‘(4) NEGOTIATED RULEMAKING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before publishing the proposed regulations required by paragraph (2) to carry out this title, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a negotiated rulemaking process pursuant to subchapter IV of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (5 U.S.C. 561 et seq.). ‘‘(B) R
EPRESENTATION ON NEGOTIATED RULE -
MAKING COMMITTEE .—Any negotiated rule-making committee established by the Sec-retary of Transportation pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) shall include representatives from— ‘‘(i) among State offices that issue driver’s licenses or personal identification cards; ‘‘(ii) among State elected officials; ‘‘(iii) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and ‘‘(iv) among interested parties. ‘‘(C) T
IME REQUIREMENT .—The process de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be con-ducted in a timely manner to ensure that— ‘‘(i) any recommendation for a proposed rule or report is provided to the Secretary of Transportation not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act and shall include an assessment of the benefits and costs of the recommendation; and ‘‘(ii) a final rule is promulgated not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. ‘‘(c) G
RANTS TO STATES .— ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANCE IN MEETING FEDERAL  
STANDARDS .—Beginning on the date a final regulation is promulgated under subsection (b)(2), the Secretary of Transportation shall award grants to States to assist them in con-forming to the minimum standards for driv-er’s licenses and personal identification cards set forth in the regulation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF GRANTS .—The Sec-retary of Transportation shall award grants to States under this subsection based on the proportion that the estimated average an-nual number of driver’s licenses and personal identification cards issued by a State apply-ing for a grant bears to the average annual number of such documents issued by all States. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION .—Notwith- standing paragraph (2), each State shall re-ceive not less than 0.5 percent of the grant funds made available under this subsection. ‘‘(d) E
XTENSION OF EFFECTIVE DATE.—The Secretary of Transportation may extend the date specified under subsection (b)(1)(A) for up to 2 years for driver’s licenses issued by a State if the Secretary determines that the State made reasonable efforts to comply with the date under such subsection but was unable to do so. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Transportation for each of the fiscal years 2005 through 2009, such sums as may be necessary to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 7212 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2004, as added by subparagraph (A), shall take effect as if included in the original enactment of such Act on December 17, 2004. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 134. A bill to expand the prohibi-tion on misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, fraudu-lent and abusive phone scams plague thousands of Americans each year. These deceitful practices cause serious financial harm to victims, and have even led to tragedy in a few cases. Both the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, where I serve as Ranking Member, and the Special Committee on Aging, where I pre-viously served as Chairman, have ex-plored the continuing severe impact of these scams. Consumers continue to lose millions of dollars each year to fraudulent phone scams, many of which originate from other countries. And the impacts of these scams are very real to the consumers who suffer. Ac-cording to an October 2015 press report from CNN, one poor soul took his life earlier that year after being tricked into spending thousands of dollars in a vain attempt to collect on his winnings in the Jamaican lottery—winnings that were non-existent because it was all a scam perpetrated by phone-based fraudsters. Nearly all of us have trained our-selves to ignore phone calls and text messages from numbers that are not familiar to us. But these sophisticated scammers know that—and have changed their tactics. Scammers today impersonate government institutions, promote fraudulent lottery schemes, and tailor their calls to individuals in order to coerce victims into paying large sums of money. Many scammers use spoofing technology to manipulate caller ID information and trick con-sumers into believing that these calls are local or come from trusted institu-tions. In 2009, I introduced the Truth in Caller ID Act to prohibit caller ID spoofing when it is used to defraud or harm consumers. That law provided important tools for law enforcement and the Federal Communications Com-mission, FCC, to go after fraudsters and crack down on these phone scams. I was pleased when my Congressional colleagues joined with me to pass that legislation and the President signed it into law. This was a huge win for con-sumers and the first step toward end-ing these abusive practices. Recognizing the pace at which phone scam technologies evolve, the law di-rected the FCC to prepare a report to Congress outlining what additional tools were needed to curb other forms of spoofing. In 2011, the agency pro-vided its recommendations to Congress on how to update the law to keep pace with new spoofing practices, such as text messaging scams. The bill Senators FISCHER , K LO-
BUCHAR , BLUNT and I have introduced today responds to the FCC’s rec-ommendations and builds on the 2010 Act to ensure the law keeps up with these spoofing scams. As these scams become increasingly sophisticated, we need to make sure that consumer pro-tections and tools for law enforcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.024 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES318 January 12, 2017 
keep up. That is why this legislation is so important. The Spoofing Prevention Act of 2017 would extend the current prohibition on caller ID spoofing to text messages, calls coming from outside the United States, and calls from all forms of Voice over Internet Protocol services. Additionally, for the first time, this bill would ensure consumers have ac-cess to information on a centralized FCC website about current tech-nologies and other tools available to protect themselves against spoofing scams. Finally, the Act directs the Govern-ment Accountability Office, GAO, to conduct a study to assess government and private sector work being done to curb spoofing scams, as well as what new measures, including technological solutions, could be taken to prevent spoofed calls from the start. I know in-dustry, in cooperation with the FCC through its Robocall Strike Force, al-ready is making great strides in this area, and I would expect the GAO to re-view that work closely. I urge my colleagues to join Senators F
ISCHER , KLOBUCHAR , BLUNT , and me in supporting the Spoofing Prevention Act of 2016 to ensure that law enforce-ment and consumers have the updated tools they need to protect against this fraudulent activity. And make no mis-take, I will press the FCC to continue to use its full authority under the Truth in Caller ID Act to stop these scams, including consideration of tech-nical solutions—like call authentica-tion—to protect consumers. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 134 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Spoofing Prevention Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission. 
SEC. 3. SPOOFING PREVENTION. 
(a) E XPANDING AND CLARIFYING PROHIBITION  
ONMISLEADING OR INACCURATE CALLER IDEN-
TIFICATION INFORMATION .— (1) C
OMMUNICATIONS FROM OUTSIDE THE  
UNITED STATES .—Section 227(e)(1) of the Com-munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘in connection with any telecommunications service or IP-en-abled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘or any person outside the United States if the re-cipient of the call is within the United States, in connection with any voice service or text messaging service’’. (2) C
OVERAGE OF TEXT MESSAGES AND VOICE  
SERVICES .—Section 227(e)(8) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(8)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tele-communications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice service or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; (B) in the first sentence of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘telecommunications service or IP-enabled voice service’’ and inserting ‘‘voice service or a text message sent using a text messaging service’’; and (C) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) TEXT MESSAGE .—The term ‘text mes-sage’— ‘‘(i) means a message consisting of text, images, sounds, or other information that is transmitted from or received by a device that is identified as the transmitting or re-ceiving device by means of a 10-digit tele-phone number; ‘‘(ii) includes a short message service (commonly referred to as ‘SMS’) message, an enhanced message service (commonly re-ferred to as ‘EMS’) message, and a multi-media message service (commonly referred to as ‘MMS’) message; and ‘‘(iii) does not include a real-time, 2-way voice or video communication. ‘‘(D) T
EXT MESSAGING SERVICE .—The term ‘text messaging service’ means a service that permits the transmission or receipt of a text message, including a service provided as part of or in connection with a voice service. ‘‘(E) V
OICE SERVICE .—The term ‘voice serv-ice’— ‘‘(i) means any service that furnishes voice communications to an end user using re-sources from the North American Numbering Plan or any successor to the North American Numbering Plan adopted by the Commission under section 251(e)(1); and ‘‘(ii) includes transmissions from a tele-phone facsimile machine, computer, or other device to a telephone facsimile machine.’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 227(e) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)) is amended in the heading by insert-ing ‘‘M
ISLEADING OR ’’ before ‘‘I NACCURATE ’’. (4) R
EGULATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 227(e)(3)(A) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the date of enact-ment of the Truth in Caller ID Act of 2009, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Com-mission’’. (B) D
EADLINE .—The Commission shall pre-scribe regulations to implement the amend-ments made by this subsection not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date that is 6 months after the date on which the Commission prescribes regulations under paragraph (4). (b) C
ONSUMER EDUCATION MATERIALS ON  H
OW TO AVOID SCAMS THATRELYUPONMIS-
LEADING OR INACCURATE CALLER IDENTIFICA -
TION INFORMATION .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT OF MATERIALS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission, in collaboration with the Federal Trade Commission, shall develop consumer education materials that provide information about— (A) ways for consumers to identify scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information; and (B) existing technologies, if any, that a consumer can use to protect against such scams and other fraudulent activity. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In developing the consumer education materials under paragraph (1), the Commission shall— (A) identify existing technologies, if any, that can help consumers guard themselves against scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inac-curate caller identification information, in-cluding— (i) descriptions of how a consumer can use the technologies to protect against such scams and other fraudulent activity; and (ii) details on how consumers can access and use the technologies; and (B) provide other information that may help consumers identify and avoid scams and other fraudulent activity that rely upon the use of misleading or inaccurate caller identi-fication information. (3) UPDATES .—The Commission shall en-sure that the consumer education materials required under paragraph (1) are updated on a regular basis. (4) W
EBSITE .—The Commission shall in-clude the consumer education materials de-veloped under paragraph (1) on its website. (c) GAO R
EPORT ON COMBATING THE FRAUD -
ULENT PROVISION OF MISLEADING OR INAC-
CURATE CALLER IDENTIFICATION INFORMA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the actions the Commission and the Federal Trade Commission have taken to combat the fraudulent provision of misleading or inac-curate caller identification information, and the additional measures that could be taken to combat such activity. (2) R
EQUIRED CONSIDERATIONS .—In con- ducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall examine— (A) trends in the types of scams that rely on misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information; (B) previous and current enforcement ac-tions by the Commission and the Federal Trade Commission to combat the practices prohibited by section 227(e)(1) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(e)(1)); (C) current efforts by industry groups and other entities to develop technical standards to deter or prevent the fraudulent provision of misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information, and how such standards may help combat the current and future pro-vision of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information; and (D) whether there are additional actions the Commission, the Federal Trade Commis-sion, and Congress should take to combat the fraudulent provision of misleading or in-accurate caller identification information. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study conducted under para-graph (1), including any recommendations regarding combating the fraudulent provi-sion of misleading or inaccurate caller iden-tification information. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall be construed to modify, limit, or otherwise affect any rule or order adopted by the Commission in connection with— (1) the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–243; 105 Stat. 2394) or the amendments made by that Act; or (2) the CAN–SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.030 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S319 January 12, 2017 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 12—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CLEAN WATER IS A NATIONAL PRIORITY, AND THAT THE JUNE 29, 2015, WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RULE SHOULD BE WITHDRAWN OR VA-CATED Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works: 
S. R ES. 12 Whereas the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’) is one of the most important laws in the United States and has led to decades of successful environmental improvements; Whereas the success of that Act depends on consistent adherence to the key principle of cooperative federalism, under which the Fed-eral Government and State and local govern-ments all have a role in protecting water re-sources; Whereas, in structuring the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) based on the foundation of cooperative fed-eralism, Congress left to the States their traditional authority over land and water, including farmers’ fields, nonnavigable, wholly intrastate water (including puddles and ponds), and the allocation of water sup-plies; Whereas compliance with the principle of cooperative federalism requires that any reg-ulation defining the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ be promulgated— (1) after the establishment of a proper reg-ulatory baseline for, and an evaluation of the costs and benefits of, the proposed regu-latory definition of the term; (2) in compliance with— (A) chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexi-bility Act’’); and (B) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (3) in consultation with States and local governments, including consultation with re-spect to— (A) alternative proposals for changing the regulatory definition of the term; and (B) the impact of the alternative proposals, including costs and benefits, on State and local governments and small entities; Whereas, in promulgating the final rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Waters of the United States Rule’’), the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency and the Chief of Engineers— (1) failed to follow the procedural steps de-scribed in the fourth whereas clause; and (2) claimed broad and expansive jurisdic-tion that encroaches on traditional State au-thority and undermines longstanding exemp-tions from Federal regulation under the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and Whereas, on October 9, 2015, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-cuit— (1) issued a nationwide stay for the Waters of the United States Rule; and (2) found that the petitioners who re-quested that the court vacate the Waters of the United States Rule have a substantial possibility of success in a hearing on the merits of the case: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that the final rule of the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Chief of Engineers entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) should be vacated. f SENATE RESOLUTION 13—RECOG-NIZING THE HISTORICAL IMPOR-TANCE OF ASSOCIATE JUSTICE CLARENCE THOMAS Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. L EE, Mr. S COTT, and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 13 Whereas, in 1948, Clarence Thomas was born outside of Savannah, Georgia, in the small community of Pin Point, Georgia; Whereas Clarence Thomas was born into poverty and under segregation; Whereas, notwithstanding his humble be-ginnings and the many impediments he faced, Clarence Thomas demonstrated in-credible intellect, discipline, and strength in attending and graduating from St. Benedict the Moor Catholic School, St. John Vianney Minor Seminar, the College of the Holy Cross, and Yale Law School; Whereas Clarence Thomas had a distin-guished legal career with service in State government and all branches of the Federal Government, including the Senate, the De-partment of Education, the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit; Whereas, on July 1, 1991, President George Herbert Walker Bush nominated Clarence Thomas to be an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court of the United States (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Supreme Court’’); Whereas Justice Thomas is the second Af-rican American to serve on the Supreme Court; Whereas, during his quarter century on the Supreme Court, Justice Thomas has made a unique and indelible contribution to the ju-risprudence of the United States; Whereas Justice Thomas has propounded a jurisprudence that seeks to faithfully apply the original meaning of the text of the Con-stitution of the United States; Whereas Justice Thomas has brought re-newed focus to constitutional doctrines that the Framers intended to undergird our re-publican form of government, including fed-eralism and the separation of powers; Whereas, in fostering this philosophy of law, Justice Thomas reinvigorated not only the jurisprudence of the United States, but also the democracy of the United States; Whereas Justice Thomas has been a re-markably prolific Associate Justice, writing influential opinions on topics including con-stitutional law, administrative law, and civil rights; Whereas, on August 10, 1846, in the name of founding an establishment for the increase and diffusion of knowledge, Congress estab-lished the Smithsonian Institution as a trust to be administered by a Board of Regents and a Secretary of the Smithsonian Institu-tion; Whereas diversity, including intellectual diversity, is a core value of the Smithsonian Institution and the museums of the Smithso-nian Institution should capitalize on the richness inherent in differences; Whereas, upon opening, the National Mu-seum of African American History and Cul-ture (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Museum’’) is the only national museum de-voted exclusively to the documentation of African American life, history, and culture; Whereas the Museum omits the contribu-tion made by Justice Thomas to the United States; and Whereas the Senate is hopeful that the Mu-seum will reflect that important contribu-tion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) Associate Justice Clarence Thomas is a historically significant African American who has— (A) overcome great challenges; (B) served his country honorably for more than 35 years; and (C) made an important contribution to the United States, in particular the jurispru-dence of the United States; and (2) the life and work of Justice Thomas are an important part of the story of African Americans in the United States and should have a prominent place in the National Mu-seum of African American History and Cul-ture. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 14—COM-MENDING THE CLEMSON UNI-VERSITY TIGERS FOOTBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2017 COLLEGE FOOTBALL PLAYOFF NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. S
COTT) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 14 Whereas, on Monday, January 9, 2017, the Clemson University Tigers football team won the 2017 College Football Playoff Na-tional Championship (in this preamble re-ferred to as the ‘‘championship game’’) by defeating the University of Alabama by a score of 35 to 31 at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida; Whereas the Tigers finished the champion-ship game with 511 yards of total offense; Whereas the victory by the Tigers in the championship game— (1) earned Clemson its first national title since the 1981 season; and (2) marked the first time that Clemson had beaten a top-ranked team; Whereas the head coach of Clemson, Dabo Swinney, has been an outstanding role model to the Clemson players and the Clemson community; Whereas Deshaun Watson gave the best performance by a quarterback in a cham-pionship game; Whereas Ben Boulware, from Anderson, South Carolina, was named the defensive Most Valuable Player of the championship game; Whereas Hunter Renfrow, a graduate of Socastee High School, went from being a walk-on player to catching the winning touchdown in the championship game; Whereas the Clemson University football team displayed outstanding dedication, teamwork, and sportsmanship throughout the 2016 collegiate football season in achiev-ing the highest honor in college football; and Whereas the Tigers have brought pride and honor to the State of South Carolina: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the Clemson University Ti-gers for winning the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.027 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES320 January 12, 2017 
(2) recognizes the on-field and off-field achievements of the players, coaches, and staff of the Clemson football team; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the President of Clemson University, James P. Clements; and (B) the head coach of the Clemson Univer-sity football team, Dabo Swinney. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I have four requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. They have the approval of the Ma-jority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 12, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 12, 2017, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tion of Dr. Benajmin Carson To Be Sec-retary of the U.S. Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 12, 2017, at 12 p.m. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Select Committee on In-telligence be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 12, 2017, at 10 a.m. f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—H.R. 72 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 4:15 p.m. on Tuesday, January 17, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged and the Senate proceed to the consider-ation of H.R. 72; further, that there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form, and that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of H.R. 72 with no inter-vening action or debate; finally, that if passed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMENDING THE CLEMSON UNI-VERSITY TIGERS FOOTBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2017 COLLEGE FOOTBALL PLAYOFF NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 14, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 14) commending the Clemson University Tigers football team for winning the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 14) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 2017, AND TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Friday, January 13, for a pro forma session only, with no business being conducted; further, that when the Senate adjourns on Fri-day, January 13, it next convene on Tuesday, January 17, at 3 p.m.; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4:15 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:38 p.m., adjourned until Friday, January 13, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.012 S12JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE55 January 12, 2017 
RECOGNIZING STEVE SPEAR 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today to recognize Steve Spear of Carol Stream, Illinois, for his outstanding display of service for those in need. On December 31st, Steve completed his an-nual Reflection Run to raise money for clean water in Africa through Team World Vision. Each year, Steve celebrates his New Year’s Eve birthday by running a kilometer for each year of his life, and is now up to 53, or 32.9 miles. On his most recent Reflection Run, Steve was joined by 25 other runners and their goal was to raise $10,000, enough to bring clean water to 200 people. In 2013, Steve left his pastoral position at Willow Creek Community Church to take on an unbelievable task. He ran from Los Ange-les to New York, 35 miles a day, 5 days a week, for 5 months, and raised $500,000. The two days per week he was not running, he was addressing congregations across the country about the importance of following God and looking out for our fellow man. His Reflec-tion Run teammate, Alex Schorr described his passion for helping others best, saying, ‘‘Ev-erything Steve does is incredible and inspira-tional, everything from the Reflection Runs to running across the country. It’s never about him. It’s always about those he’s running on behalf of.’’ Steve has demonstrated exceptional charity and service, and I am proud to represent him. He is a leader and role model for all Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, please join me in com-mending Steve Spear for his extraordinary commitment to those around the world who need our help the most. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HEATHER SAWYER AND HER SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative J
ERROLD NADLER of New York, Representative E
LIJAH E. C UMMINGS of Mary- land, and Representative J
ANICE D. S CHA-
KOWSKY of Illinois, would like to thank Heather Sawyer for a decade of service to the House of Representatives. Heather Sawyer is a bril-liant legal mind and incredible litigator. Her calm, clear-eyed professionalism has been in-strumental in protecting the rights of marginalized Americans, including Americans with disabilities, the LGBTQ community, peo-ple of color, and women. As a senior and trusted counsel, she helped to roll back the worst civil rights abuses of the post-9/11 era. Heather left the Georgetown Law Center to join the staff of the House Committee on the Judiciary in 2007. She was instrumental in working to pass the Americans with Disabil-ities Amendments Act to ensure that Ameri-cans with disabilities have the same protec-tions as every other American. During her ten-ure on the Committee, she worked with Con-gressman Nadler to draft the Pregnant Work-ers Fairness Act, which built upon the ADA framework to protect pregnant women who need simple accommodations to stay in the workplace throughout their pregnancies. Perhaps her most indelible legacy on the Judiciary Committee was her work on mar-riage equality. Heather worked with Congress-man Nadler to draft and introduce the Respect for Marriage Act to overturn DOMA. She also helped draft the congressional amicus brief in the Windsor and Obergefell cases, the two landmark Supreme Court cases that paved the way for marriage equality in the United States. Heather has always been a true champion of women’s rights. For the last year, Heather has served as the Staff Director and General Counsel for the Select Investigative Panel, where she worked tirelessly to protect the rights of women, health care providers, and researchers. She navigated the Panel through a difficult and polarized investigation, and as-tutely defended the facts and the truth. Heath-er’s command of House procedures and rules helped to ensure that the views of the Demo-cratic Members were represented at every step, and she was instrumental in the Panel’s ultimate findings and report. She vigorously fought on behalf of women’s right to access reproductive health care services, and her bril-liant legal analysis and oversight acumen were invaluable to the Panel. Heather has never been afraid to go head to head with those who would threaten the rights enshrined in our Constitution. During the Bush Administration, Heather worked to ex-pose illegal interrogation tactics and other human rights abuses. She helped Congress-man Nadler write the State Secrets Protection Act and legislation to protect the privacy of electronic communications. Heather is a bright, strategic, and im-mensely skilled attorney who has never faced a challenge she could not meet. She dedi-cated more than two years of her public serv-ice as the Chief Counsel for the Select Com-mittee on Benghazi. In that role, she fought to defend the truth, expose procedural excesses, and to provide serious and substantive rec-ommendations to improve the safety and se-curity of Americans serving our country over-seas. The Members she has served, the staff who have worked beside her, and the institu-tion as a whole are better because of Heather. On the most sensitive issues of the day, Heather worked side by side with Members of the Judiciary Committee to ensure that the government adhered to the Constitution and respected the basic human and legal rights of all people. Running through all of this work is Heather’s uncompromising sense of justice. She simply will not shy away from a fight. Whether it was fighting against torture and the use of secret evidence, partisan attacks against Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi investigation, or anti-choice par-tisans who tried to intimidate doctors working on women’s health issues. Heather is a true champion of civil rights and civil liberties and of the Constitution itself and it was truly an honor to work by her side for these many years. We wish her all the best in her future endeavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for roll call votes 27 and 30 on Tuesday, January 10, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 27 and I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 30. 
f 
HONORING MR. RICHARD THOMAS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Congressman H
UFFMAN , rise today to honor Richard Thomas, the recipient of the 2017 Nick Frey Community Contribution Award. This award was established by the Sonoma County Winegrape Commission in 2013 to recognize members of our community who have made important contributions to grape growing. A Sonoma County native, Mr. Thomas grad-uated from Santa Rosa High School, where he was an award-winning member of the Future Farmers of America. He studied agriculture at the University of California, Davis, before going on to work as a vocational agriculture instructor at Healdsburg High School and live-stock manager of the Sonoma County Fair. Mr. Thomas saw Sonoma County’s potential for viticulture and became an instructor at Santa Rosa Junior College, where he taught thousands of vineyard owners and workers throughout his 28 year career. He enjoys shar-ing that ‘‘God put Sonoma County on earth for one reason: to produce great wines.’’ His past students are now at the helm of many of the great viticulture operations in our Sonoma County wine community today. Mr. Thomas is a life-long learner and educa-tor. After taking a sabbatical to study wine trellising in New Zealand and Australia, he brought the skills he acquired back to winegrowers in California, helping to shape the look of Sonoma County Vineyards. He has lectured in the United States and around the world, sharing his mastery of grape growing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JA8.001 E12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE56 January 12, 2017 
He is the founder of the Sonoma County Grape Growers Association and the Sonoma County Vineyard Technical Group, which sup-port our community by discussing and imple-menting the best practices in grape produc-tion. Mr. Speaker, Richard Thomas has been a leader in the transformation of Sonoma Coun-ty into some of the best of Wine Country. He is respected as a world-class educator and our Sonoma community considers him the Dean of Sonoma County grape production. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today and congratulate him on this well-deserved award. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE LIVES IMPROVED BY THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT IN TEXAS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of both the Judiciary Committee and the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in celebration of the over 1 million Texans who have gained healthcare coverage under the Affordable Health Care Act, and the millions of Americans more whose lives have been expo-nentially improved by access to substantial in-creases in life-saving coverage. The data show that the uninsured rate in Texas has fallen by 28 percent since the Af-fordable Care Act (ACA) was enacted in 2010, translating into 1,781,000 Texans gaining cov-erage. In addition to residents who would otherwise be uninsured, millions more Texans with em-ployer, Medicaid, individual market, or Medi-care coverage have also benefited from new protections as a result of the law. With respect to employer coverage, 13,709,000 people in Texas are covered through employer-sponsored health plans. Since the ACA was enacted in 2010, this group has seen: (1) An end to annual and lifetime limits: Before the ACA, 7,536,000 Texans with em-ployer or individual market coverage had a lifetime limit on their insurance policy. That meant their coverage could end exactly when they needed it most. The ACA prohibits annual and lifetime limits on policies, so all Texans with employer plans now have coverage that’s there when they need it. (2) Young adults covered until age 26: An estimated 205,000 young adults in Texas have benefited from the ACA provision that allows kids to stay on their parents’ health insurance up to age 26. (3) Free preventive care: Under the ACA, health plans must cover preventive services—like flu shots, cancer screenings, contraception, and mammo-grams—at no extra cost to consumers. This provision benefits 10,278,005 people in Texas, most of whom have employer cov-erage. (4) Slower premium growth: The average premium for Texas families with employer coverage grew 3.5 percent per year from 2010–2015, compared with 8.1 per-cent over the previous decade. Assuming Texas premiums grew in line with the national average in 2016, family premiums in Texas are $5,400 lower today than if growth had matched the pre-ACA decade. (5) Better value through the 80/20 rule: Because of the ACA, health insurance com-panies must spend at least 80 cents of each premium dollar on health care or care im-provements, rather than administrative costs like salaries or marketing, or else give con-sumers a refund;. Texans with employer coverage have re-ceived $20,082,448 in insurance refunds since 2012. With respect to Medicaid, 4,770,229 people in Texas are covered by Medicaid or the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, including 3,512,929 children and 374,617 seniors and people with disabilities covered by both Med-icaid and Medicare. The ACA expanded Medicaid eligibility and strengthened the program for those already el-igible. An estimated 1,107,000 Texans could have health insurance today if Texas expanded Medicaid under the ACA. Coverage improves access to care, financial security, and health; expansion would result in an estimated 127,000 more Texans getting all needed care, 157,400 fewer Texans struggling to pay medical bills, and 1,330 avoided deaths each year. 406,000 Texans, or an estimated 23 percent of those who could gain Medicaid coverage through expansion, have a mental illness or substance use disorder. Texas could be saving millions in uncom-pensated care costs. Instead of spending $1 billion on uncompensated care, which in-creases costs for everyone, Texas could be getting $5 billion in federal support to provide low-income adults with much needed care. Children, people with disabilities, and sen-iors can more easily access Medicaid cov-erage. The ACA streamlined Medicaid eligi-bility processes, eliminating hurdles so that vulnerable Texans could more easily access and maintain coverage. Texas can better fight opioids. Under the ACA, CMS provided technical assistance that is giving Texas the opportunity to strengthen Medicaid services for people struggling with opioid abuse or other substance use disorders (SUDs). With respect to Medicare, 3,765,946 people in Texas are covered by Medicare. The ACA strengthened the Medicare Trust Fund, ex-tending its life by over a decade. In addition, Medicare enrollees have benefited from: Lower costs for prescription drugs: Because the ACA is closing the prescription drug donut hole, 346,750 Texas seniors are saving $366 million on drugs in 2015, an average of $1,057 per beneficiary. Free preventive services: The ACA added coverage of an annual wellness visit and elimi-nated cost-sharing for recommended preven-tive services such as cancer screenings. In 2015, 1,746,043 Texas seniors, or 72 percent of all Texas seniors enrolled in Medicare Part B, took advantage of at least one free preven-tive service. Fewer hospital mistakes: The ACA intro-duced new incentives for hospitals to avoid preventable patient harms and avoidable re-admissions. Hospital readmissions for Texas Medicare beneficiaries dropped 6 percent be-tween 2010 and 2015, which translates into 4,960 times Texas Medicare beneficiaries avoided an unnecessary return to the hospital in 2015. More coordinated care: The ACA encour-aged groups of doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers to come together to pro-vide coordinated high-quality care to the Medi-care patients they serve. 37 Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs) in Texas now offer Medicare beneficiaries the opportunity to re-ceive higher quality, more coordinated care. Now is not the time to undermine or slow the ability of our insurance providers to ad-dress growing threats and active cases of Americans’ health crises. Accordingly, I urge all Members to join me in protecting the gains achieved by the Afford-able Healthcare Act. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my floor votes on January 10 and 11, 2017. Had I been present for the votes, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 26, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 27, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 28, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 29, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 30, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 31, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 34, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 35, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 36, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 37, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 38, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 39, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 40, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 41, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 42, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 43, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 44, and ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 45. 
f 
TEXAN VICTOR LOVELADY KILLED IN ALGERIAN TERRORIST ATTACK 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, January 17 marks the fourth anniversary of the death of Victor Lovelady from Atascocita, Texas. Mr. Lovelady was killed by al Qaeda terrorists in Algeria while he was working at a BP gas fa-cility. I rise to tell his story again, as I have done on this floor before, because it is a story that reminds us about what it means to be a true American hero. You can learn a lot about a man when trial comes. The trial that came upon Victor Lovelady on January 16, 2013 told us a lot about who Victor was. Victor had been on the job in Algeria only about a week when terror-ists stormed the gas plant where he was work-ing. Victor was in a break room when one of his coworkers burst through the door, bleeding from a gunshot wound in the stomach. Seeing the man in need, Victor jumped into action, dressing his wound and caring for him. Know-ing the terrorists were working their way through the plant, Victor helped hide the wounded man in a food container. The gun-shots grew closer. Victor selflessly first helped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.002 E12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE57 January 12, 2017 
other coworkers in the break room climb up into a false ceiling. Only after they had climbed into the ceiling did Victor try and do the same but fell. Before he knew it, terrorists stormed into the break room and took him hostage. They tied up his hands and feet. The next day the terrorists placed a ring of explosives around his neck before loading him into a ve-hicle to take him to another part of the gas plant. Victor never made it—the terrorists blew him up along the way. We may like to think so, but none of us real-ly know if we would put others before our-selves if we were faced with a life or death sit-uation like Victor was. But we know what Vic-tor did. We know what he chose. In all, Vic-tor’s quick thinking and acts of selflessness helped save the lives of four of his coworkers. Selflessness wasn’t something that all of a sudden came upon Victor in this moment ei-ther. It marked him as a man, a brother, a husband, and a father. Selflessness was a part of who he was. No, this ultimate trial sim-ply exposed what was already there. Victor was a man who lived his life serving others. So it was only fitting that in his final hours, we were blessed to see one last and heroic act of selflessness in Victor’s life. Victor is survived by his wife, Maureen, and his two children, Erin and Grant. To his family I want to say that my thoughts and prayers are with you on this painful day. We have not forgotten your heroic husband and father. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I missed the following votes: H. Res. 40, Motion on Ordering the Pre-vious Question on the Rule. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NO’’ on this bill. H. Res. 40, Rule Providing for consideration of both H.R. 78—SEC Regulatory Account-ability Act and H.R. 238—Commodity End- User Relief Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NO’’ on this bill. H.R. 39, TALENT Act of 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YES’’ on this bill. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on January 11, 2017, I missed three votes in order to attend the testimony of my colleagues Sen. B
OOKER  and Rep. L
EWIS in opposition to the confirma-tion of Sen. S
ESSIONS for Attorney General. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Ques-tion, NO on H. Res. 40, and YES on H.R. 39, the TALENT Act. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for roll call vote 32 on Wednesday, January 11, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 32. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed votes on H.R. 5, the Regulatory Ac-countability Act on Wednesday, January 11, 2017. I had intended to vote ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call vote 35, ‘‘no’’ on vote 36, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 37, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 38, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 39, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 40, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 41, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 42, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 43, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 44, and ‘‘no’’ on vote 45. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I erroneously voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote 36, an amend-ment to H.R. 5 offered by Mr. Peterson of Min-nesota. I intended to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amend-ment. 
f 
HESPERIA PARKS AND RECRE-ATION BOARD MEMBER RE-BEKAH SWANSON 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 10 years of service of outgoing Hesperia Parks and Recreation Board Mem-ber Rebekah Swanson. Rebekah was elected to the Hesperia City Council this past Novem-ber and is stepping down from her current po-sition on the board. Rebekah was first elected to the Hesperia Parks and Recreation Board in 2006. Since that time, Rebekah has vociferously fought to improve the quality of recreation programs within the city, culminating in the construction of competition level soccer fields. She also championed better utilization of Hesperia’s Civic Park and spearheaded improvements to all of the parks throughout the district. Per-haps her most impressive achievement was that she, along with her colleagues on the board, accomplished these important projects without raising taxes or exceeding the district’s budget. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to thank Rebekah for her leadership and tireless advocacy for the peo-ple of Hesperia. I look forward to working closely with her in her new role as a member of the Hesperia City Council. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF TYRUS WONG 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Tyrus Wong—father, artist, and an inspirational American—who passed away on Friday, De-cember 30, 2016. Tyrus was born as Wong Gen Yeo on Octo-ber 25, 1910 in Guangdong Province, China. A decade later, he and his father came to the United States in search of a better economic future. Forced to travel under the false identity Look Tai Yow, Tyrus and his father were able to overcome the obstacles of the Chinese Ex-clusion Act of 1882 through luck and persever-ance. They began in San Francisco, were separated shortly, but reunited and moved to Sacramento where his teacher Americanized ‘‘Tai Yow’’ to ‘‘Tyrus’’. They eventually arrived in Los Angeles, where his father taught him art and trained him in calligraphy. While in junior high, Tyrus’s drawing talent was recognized by a teacher who helped him receive a summer scholarship to the Otis Art Institute (located in my district) in Los Angeles. He found his calling and stud-ied there for five years while working as a jan-itor before graduating in the 1930s. Among friends, Tyrus founded the Oriental Artists’ Group of Los Angeles to provide an opportunity for artists to exhibit their work, which was unparalleled exposure for Asian artists during that time. This group was dis-persed, however, during World War II. Before joining Disney in 1938, Tyrus was an artist for the Works Progress Administration from 1936 to 1938. Tyrus’s moment came in the late 1930s when Disney started working on the now famous movie Bambi. Inspired by the landscape paintings of the Song Dynasty, he painted the masterpiece that Bambi be-came. While he was unofficially promoted to the rank of inspirational sketch artist, he con-tributed much more and influenced the movie from all aspects. In 1941, Disney fired Tyrus after the em-ployees’ strike. From 1942, Tyrus was em-ployed at Warner Brothers before he retired in 1968. In retirement, Tyrus continued to create art and was famous for building beautiful kites. He also created cards for Hallmark and paint-ed Asian-inspired designs on dinnerware. As a testament to Tyrus’s impressive work, Disney honored him in 2001 with the prestigious Dis-ney Legend. Tyrus is survived by his three daughters, Kay Fong, Tai-Ling Wong, and Kim Wong and two grandchildren. I hope his family can rest knowing his story is an inspiration for all Americans. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Tyrus Wong’s incredible and re-silient life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.005 E12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE58 January 12, 2017 
INTRODUCTION OF THE VETERANS EMERGENCY TREATMENT ACT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Veterans Emergency Treat-ment (VET) Act. One of the most important functions of our federal government is to sup-port and sustain those who have been willing to sacrifice all they have to defend our nation. Whenever our government fails to meet this responsibility, swift action must be taken. Far too many stories of our nation’s veterans re-ceiving inadequate care have plagued the De-partment of Veterans’ Affairs (VA). My legisla-tion seeks to improve one aspect of treatment for our men and women who have served in uniform. The VET Act will ensure every vet-eran is afforded the highest level of emer-gency care at all emergency-capable medical facilities under the jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of Veterans’ Affairs (VA). The VET Act applies the statutory require-ments of the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (EMTALA) to emergency care provided by the VA to enrolled veterans. EMTALA was enacted by Congress as part of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 and is designed to prevent hospitals from transferring, or ‘‘dumping,’’ un-insured or Medicaid patients to public hos-pitals. The legislation requires a hospital to conduct a medical examination to determine if an emergency medical condition exists. If such a condition does exist, the hospital is required to either stabilize the patient or comply with the statutory requirements of a proper transfer. If an emergency medical condition still exists and has not been stabilized, the hospital may not transfer the patient unless the patient, after being made aware of the risks, makes a transfer request in writing or a physician cer-tifies that the medical benefits of a transfer outweigh the risks. It has become clear that the VA is not ful-filling the EMTALA directive. All too frequently, the policy is to turn down those who try to ac-cess an emergency room. In February of 2015, 64-year-old Army veteran Donald Siefken, from Kennewick, WA, arrived at the Seattle VA hospital emergency room in severe pain and with a broken foot that had swollen to the size of a football. No longer able to walk, he requested emergency room staff as-sist him in traveling the ten feet from his car to the emergency room. Hospital personnel promptly hung up on him after stating that he would need to call 911 to assist him at his own expense. Several minutes later a Seattle fire captain and three firefighters arrived to as-sist him into the emergency room. The VET Act will amend current law to re-move the ‘‘non-participating’’ designation from VA hospital facilities and statutorily require them to fulfill the requirements of EMTALA. My commonsense and straightforward legisla-tion will ensure that every enrolled veteran who arrives at the emergency department of a VA medical facility indicating an emergency condition exists is assessed and treated in an effort to prevent further injury or death. I urge all members to join me in supporting this legislation. We must ensure our veterans are treated fairly and with the respect they de-serve. HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF VICTOR CORSIGLIA, JR. HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, a mere 62 years ago young Victor Corsiglia Jr. proudly graduated from Stanford Medical School and, in 1956, began a lifetime of practicing medi-cine. This month, his long practice is ending in retirement. Vic and his wife, Joan, a registered nurse, first served their country when Vic served as a doctor for the Marines at Camp Pendleton right after graduation. In 1961, they made their way back home to San Jose. Vic and Joan have never been the kind of people who expect others to do the work. They made immense contributions to our local arts world. Vic volunteered for the San Jose Arts Commission, served as a board member for the San Jose Symphony and, along with Ken Wiener and Barbara Day Turner, founded the San Jose Chamber Orchestra. While serv-ing on the San Jose Arts Commission, Vic brought together Jim Reber and Clay Feld-man, who founded the San Jose Repertory Theatre. Joan was also active with the San Jose Symphony and was instrumental in re-storing its auxiliary. It is not an exaggeration to say that absent the many contributions of Joan and Vic Corsiglia, the artistic life of our community would have been much poorer. Joan and Vic also took a great interest in the overall health of the community. Vic served on the Santa Clara County Mental Health Board for many years. Joan, as a neighborhood activist, but also as a nurse who understood the need for effective care, worked for decent care for the mentally ill in group homes. Joan Corsiglia, with Vic by her side, helped found the Campus Community Association (CCA), one of the first active neighborhood as-sociations in the city of San Jose. CCA grew to become an effective grassroots organization in the Naglee Park neighborhood, protecting the quality of life in this downtown neighbor-hood. The CCA founded the Naglee Park Fourth of July Parade. Before the parade be-gins, there is a traditional Coyote Creek Run, first initiated by Vic and Mike McDonald. Joan’s civic engagement also included chairing the SJSU Campus-Community Task Force in the 1970s, and working on various local political campaigns, including the election of San Jose’s first female mayor, Janet Gray Hayes. Joan served as an aide for Mayor Hayes and later for Mayor Susan Hammer. Vic and Joan also made an invaluable con-tribution to local parks when, along with David Pandori and Kathy Muller, Joan helped create the Guadalupe River Park Gardens. Vic and Joan raised four children in the Naglee Park neighborhood, and all four grew up to follow their parents into careers in the medical professions. What a mark Vic Corsiglia has made as a member of the medical profession. As a lead-er of the San Jose Medical Group, he ensured that institutions dedicated to patient well-being would exist and flourish even after his retire-ment. As a practicing physician, Vic has been a model of what a doctor should be. Modern in-surance schemes don’t always compensate the internal medicine physician when a patient is hospitalized. But that never stopped Vic from always attending to any patient who was hospitalized. Vic was always on duty to his pa-tients and cared about them as human beings. Vic Corsiglia has been a doctor who is real-ly obsessive about keeping up with the latest in medicine and he’s also a physician who takes the time to thoroughly explore every pa-tient’s symptoms, to understand just what is going on with a patient. That may be why Vic Corsiglia is known to have an almost uncanny ability to diagnose ailments, even obscure ones, among his patients. If you don’t know what’s wrong with you, but you know some-thing is wrong, Vic is the man to see. In the 56 years he has practiced medicine at the San Jose Medical Clinic, he has saved countless lives and has engendered the grati-tude and trust of thousands of patients. One of them is me. I am grateful that in De-cember of 1980 Vic saved my life just as I am grateful that he has helped heal me and my family so many times over the years. To say we will miss him as a physician does not real-ly capture the sense of loss all of his patients feel. However, I count myself among the lucky because although Vic Corsiglia is retiring from the practice of medicine, he is not retiring from being my neighbor and my friend. I know that Vic and Joan Corsiglia will have many new ventures and adventures before them and I hope to share some of them. Please join me in recognizing Vic and Joan for their decades of service to our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL PAUL E. BELL 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Paul Edward Bell, Colonel, U.S. Air Force (Retired), who passed away in California on November 16, 2016. Col. Bell dedicated thirty-three years of his life to serve in our military and he will be deeply missed. Shortly after his high school graduation, Col. Bell enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps as an aviation cadet. During World War II, Col. Bell served as a B–24 crew member. Throughout the war, he participated in conflicts on the is-lands of Morotai, Indonesia and Okinawa, Japan, as well as in support of the final bomb-ing offensive in the Pacific. Col. Bell flew 251 combat missions amassing 862 combat hours in fighter, bomber and rotary wing aircraft. His awards and decorations included the Legion of Merit with four oak leaf clusters, the Distin-guished Flying Cross, and the Air Medal with eleven oak leaf clusters, just to name some of the many medals he received. Even after leaving the military, Col. Bell con-tinued his public service through his participa-tion in numerous community, military support groups and veteran’s organizations. He was a member of the Knights of Columbus, the Elks and the Newcomen Society. He was an area vice president for the California Air Force As-sociation; was on the governing boards of the Silver Eagles, the March Field Air Museum, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.013 E12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE59 January 12, 2017 
the Forum, the Riverside Chamber Military Af-fairs Committee and the 15th Air Force Asso-ciation. Col. Bell was instrumental in estab-lishing several historic sites on March Air Re-serve Base, persuaded Bob Hope to allow the Riverside chapter of the Air Force Association be named in his honor, and established the chapter’s annual ‘‘Air Crew Excellence Award’’ for airmen of the 4th Air Force. In 1995, Col. Bell was recognized by Air Mobility Command as its Citizen of the Year. Col. Bell’s significant contributions to the base, its units, its uni-formed members and government employees will long preserve March Air Reserve Base’s legacy in Riverside history. I had the distinct privilege of knowing Col. Bell for many years and I will deeply miss him. I extend my heartfelt condolences to Col. Bell’s wife, Helen, as well as the entire Bell family. Although Col. Bell may be gone, his selfless dedication to our nation will long be remembered. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SARAH JEFFERSON SIMON 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sarah Jefferson Simon. Born and raised in Orange, Texas on November 26, 1961, Sarah was a lifelong Texan. In 1989, Sarah joined the Orange Police Department and quickly rose through the ranks as she put her life on the line to protect those of us who call East Texas home. After only one year as a Patrol Officer, she was promoted to the Detective Division and given the rank of Detective-Sergeant. Sarah was the first African-American woman to attain this es-teemed role within the City of Orange Police Department. Sarah had a God-given gift for her craft, and was often called upon by other law enforcement agencies to break cold cases and execute some of the region’s most chal-lenging criminal investigations. It is no surprise that, with such a heart for the community, Sarah was also deeply in-volved with the local school district as a tutor, and served as a Trustee of the West Orange- Cove school district. Her children, Diztorsha and Herman, have continued her legacy of public service as educators. Sarah was a woman of God, a pillar of faith for those in her community and to those in her care. For over 30 years, she attended Starlight Church of God in Christ and richly gave of her time and talent in service of the Church and its parishioners. Her son, Herman, pastors the faithful in Bon Weir. Sarah went home to be with her Lord and Savior on Friday, January 6, 2017. She will be deeply missed by those whose lives she touched. My prayers and condolences go out to Sarah’s loving family, and her children, Diztorsha, and Herman. Sarah will be sorely missed, but her legacy will certainly live on. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 12, 2017 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my floor votes on January 4 and 5, 2017. Had I been present for the votes, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote num-ber 7, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 8, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 9, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 10, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 11, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 12, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 13, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 14, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 15, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 16, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 17, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 18, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 19, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 20, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 21, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 22, and ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 23. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.015 E12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D42 Thursday, January 12, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S297–S320 Measures Introduced: Forty bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 107–146, S.J. Res. 4, and S. Res. 12–14.
                             Pages S313–14 
Measures Reported: S. Res. 6, objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 and to all efforts that un-dermine direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians for a secure and peaceful settlement, with amendments. S. 84, to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of De-fense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces. 
                                                                                              Page S312 
Measures Passed: Secretary of Defense Nomination Waiver: By 81 yeas to 17 nays (Vote No. 27), Senate passed S. 84, to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense with-in seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
        Pages S299–S307 
Commending Clemson University Tigers Foot-ball Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 14, com-mending the Clemson University Tigers football team for winning the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship.
                                          Page S320 
GAO Access and Oversight Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached pro-viding that at 4:15 p.m., on Tuesday, January 17, 2017, Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged and Senate begin consideration of H.R. 72, to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to informa-tion; that there be 30 minutes of debate, equally di-vided in the usual form, and that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on passage of the bill, with no intervening action or debate.
    Page S320 
Pro Forma—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that Senate adjourn until 10 a.m., on Friday, January 13, 2017, for a pro forma session only, with no business being con-ducted; and that when Senate adjourns on Friday, January 13, 2017, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Tuesday, January 17, 2017.                                   Page S320 
Executive Reports of Committees: Senate received the following executive report of a committee: Report to accompany Protocol to the North At-lantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Monte-negro (Treaty Doc. 114–12) (Ex. Rept. 115–1). 
                                                                                      Pages S312–13 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S310 
Measures Referred:                                           Pages S310–11 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S311–12 
Petitions and Memorials:                                      Page S312 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S314–15 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S315–20 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S310 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S320 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—27)
                                                                     Page S307 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12:30 p.m. and adjourned at 5:38 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Friday, January 13, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S320.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of James N. Mattis, to be Secretary of Defense, after the nominee, who was introduced by former Senators Cohen and Nunn, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JA7.REC D12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D43 January 12, 2017 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported S. 84, to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Sec-retary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces. NOMINATION Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Benjamin Carson, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Rubio, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported S. Res. 6, objecting to United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2334 and to all ef-forts that undermine direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians for a secure and peaceful settlement, with amendments. NOMINATION Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded open and closed hearings to examine the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Roberts and former Sen-ator Bob Dole, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Intel-ligence Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017’’. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 52 pub-lic bills, H.R. 462–513; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 27, and H. Res. 46–47, 49–50, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H468–71 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H473 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 48, providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 3) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 84) to provide for an exception to a limita-tion against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces (H. Rept. 115–4).
                                        Page H468 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Valadao to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H393 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:55 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H400 
Securities and Exchange Commission Regulatory Accountability Act: The House passed H.R. 78, to improve the consideration by the Securities and Ex-change Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders, by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 51.                    Pages H428–48 
Rejected the Bustos motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 50.
                              Pages H446–47 
Agreed to: Vela´zquez amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–3) that requires the SEC consider the protection of investors, in addition to promoting ef-ficiency, competition, and capital formation when conducting such a review and also expressly instructs the SEC to consider the public interest, the protec-tion of investors as well as the promotion of effi-ciency, competition, and capital formation when con-ducting such a review of existing SEC regulations. 
                                                                                              Page H439 
Rejected: Al Green (TX) amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–3) that sought to require the SEC to identify, analyze and address potential con-flicts of interest related to its rulemakings (by a re-corded vote of 192 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 46); 
                                                                    Pages H438–39, H443–44 
Al Green (TX) amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–3) that sought to exempt regula-tions promulgated to maintain or support U.S. fi-nancial stability or prevent or reduce systemic risk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JA7.REC D12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD44 January 12, 2017 
(by a recorded vote of 191 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 47);
                                                        Pages H439–41, H444 
DeSaulnier amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–3) that sought to require the Chair-man of the SEC and his immediate family to divest from too-big-to-fail banks (by a recorded vote of 194 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 48); and 
                                                                    Pages H441–42, H444–45 
Raskin amendment (No. 5 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–3) that sought to require the Chair-man of the Securities and Exchange Commission to be trained on ethical standards and codes of conduct to ensure all regulations enacted are not done so with a conflict of interest, specifically regarding prior employment and legal representation of too- big-to-fail banks (by a recorded vote of 196 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 49).
                 Pages H442–43, H445–46 
H. Res. 40, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 78) and (H.R. 238) was agreed to yesterday, January 11th. Commodity End-User Relief Act: The House passed H.R. 238, to reauthorize the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market cer-tainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farm-ers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, and to help keep consumer costs low, by a yea-and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 54. 
                                                                    Pages H404–28, H450–51 
Rejected the Langevin motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Agriculture with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 53.
                              Pages H449–50 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–2 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule.
                                                          Page H414 
Agreed to: Aderholt amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that amends the Commodity Ex-change Act to give the Commodity Futures Trading Commission authority to designate other agencies to manage its leases;
                                                Pages H421–22 
Austin Scott (GA) amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that reforms the Cus-tomer Protection Fund at the CFTC to amend the size of the fund, annual expenditures from the fund and return excess balance to the Treasury; 
                                                                                      Pages H422–23 
Conaway amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that makes technical and con-forming changes;
                                                  Pages H423–24 Duffy amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that prohibits the CFTC from compel-ling the production of algorithmic trading source code and similar intellectual property unless it has issued a subpoena;
                                               Pages H424–25 
LaMalfa amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that prevents a situation in which an end-user loses its ability to rely on the end-user exception to the clearing requirement due simply to the positive performance of transactions entered into solely to mitigate the prospect of falling revenues and asset values;
                                                   Pages H425–26 
Lucas amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that exempts all inter-affiliate trans-actions from being regulated as ‘‘swaps’’ under the Dodd-Frank related provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (’’CEA’’) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (’’CFTC’’) regulations promul-gated thereunder;
                                                 Pages H426–27 
Hartzler amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that delays implementation of the CFTC Ownership and Control Reports Rule until the Chairman determines the rule has been amended by adjusting reporting trading volume levels to 300 contracts per day, removing the requirements for natural person controller data, and ensuring the rule does not require entities to violate foreign privacy laws; and
                                                                          Page H427 
Conaway amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–3) that makes clear Congress’s intent that the Commission may impose and implement position limits as it finds necessary, provided the Commission makes a finding prior to imposing such limits; it makes no changes to the longstanding fed-eral position limits regime for the enumerated agri-cultural commodities or the existing statutory re-quirements that Designated Contract Markets im-pose position limits or accountability levels on all contracts (by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 52).
                                             Pages H448–49 
H. Res. 40, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 78) and (H.R. 238) was agreed to yesterday, January 11th. Joint Economic Committee—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Joint Economic Committee: Representatives Paulsen, Schweikert, Comstock, LaHood, Francis Rooney (FL), Carolyn B. Maloney (NY), Delaney, Adams, and Beyer.
                                                                                 Page H455 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:15 p.m. and recon-vened at 8:27 p.m.
                                                     Page H468 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate and message received from the Senate by the Clerk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JA7.REC D12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D45 January 12, 2017 
and subsequently presented to the House today ap-pear on pages H400, H441. Senate Referrals: S. Con. Res. 3 was held at the desk. S. 84 was held at the desk. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and eight recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H443–44, H444, H444–45, H445–46, H447, H447–48, H448–49, H449–50, and H450–51. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING; MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress; and markup on H.R. 393, to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Sec-retary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces. The committee adopted its rules for the 115th Congress. H.R. 393 was ordered reported, without amendment. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION SETTING FORTH THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET FOR THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 AND SETTING FORTH THE APPROPRIATE BUDGETARY LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2026; SENATE BILL TO PROVIDE FOR AN EXCEPTION TO A LIMITATION AGAINST APPOINTMENT OF PERSONS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WITHIN SEVEN YEARS OF RELIEF FROM ACTIVE DUTY AS A REGULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICER OF THE ARMED FORCES Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budg-et for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; and S. 84, to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense with-in seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces. The com-mittee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a structured rule for S. Con. Res. 3. The rule provides two hours of general debate with 90 minutes confined to the congressional budget equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget and 30 minutes on the subject of economic goals and policies equally di-vided and controlled by Rep. Tiberi of Ohio and Rep. Carolyn Maloney of New York or their respec-tive designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the concurrent resolution. The rule makes in order only the amendment print-ed in the Rules Committee report. Such amendment may be offered only by the Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent and shall not be subject to amendment. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ment printed in the report. The rule provides that the concurrent resolution shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question of its adoption. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for S. 84. The rule provides 90 minutes of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Services. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule pro-vides one motion to commit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Black, Chairman Thornberry, and Representatives Yarmuth, Lee, Pocan, O’Halleran, Panetta, and Smith of Washington. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The committee successfully organized and adopted its rules for the 115th Congress. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JA7.REC D12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD46 January 12, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Friday, January 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, January 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of S. Con. Res. 3— Setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of S. 84—To provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commis-sioned officer of the Armed Forces (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E59 Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E56, E59 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E58 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E57 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E55 Cook, Paul, Calif., E57 Green, Al, Tex., E57 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E55, E57 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E57 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E56 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E57 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E58 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E57 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E58 Poe, Ted, Tex., E56 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E55 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E55 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Jan 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12JA7.REC D12JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST