Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, in 1947, Senator Arthur Vandenberg famously stated that politics stop at the water’s edge. What that meant was that par-tisan fighting and attacks should cease when they compromise America’s role in missions abroad and, indeed, when they compromise the safety and secu-rity of Americans abroad as well. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I sat in the Homeland Security Committee and heard over two dozen references from my esteemed colleagues across the aisle to a Muslim ban. When President Obama expanded its own screening for refugees for majority Muslim nations, he said it was because of ‘‘the growing threat from foreign terrorist fighters,’’ and nary a peep was heard. Our colleagues across the aisle said this Muslim ban will endanger Ameri-cans and serve as a recruiting tool to ISIS. Mr. Speaker, I agree, except there is no Muslim ban. Talk of a Muslim ban makes Ameri-cans less safe at home, true; it makes Americans less safe abroad, true; and if politics stop at the water’s edge and there is no Muslim ban, then why use partisan politics to perpetrate false-hoods that do just those very things. Let’s look at the facts: Of the 2.3 billion Muslims on the planet Earth, 11 percent live in the countries named in Mr. Trump’s execu-tive order. Nine-tenths of 1 percent live in Syria, a single nation pulled out for heightened scrutiny. The duration of the heightened scru-tiny held to the Syrian refugee popu-lation is one-half that of the same ac-tion taken by Mr. Trump’s predecessor, President Obama, as it related to Iraqis in 2011 when nary a peep was heard be-cause politics are supposed to stop at the water’s edge. We hear questions: Does the Presi-dent have a constitutional right to do this? I say, no, he has a constitutional duty to do this. We look at Article II and see the clear and present danger clause. We hear the language of the Obama admin-istration speaking of growing terrorist threats from abroad. We see in Article II and in the oath that the President takes that it is his duty to protect Americans from all threats, all en-emies, foreign and domestic. So what we know is that the execu-tive order affects a scant 7 of well over 50 majority-Muslim nations. There is no religious test because it also affects millions of Christians living in these nations. It affects about 11 percent of the global Muslim population. There are exceptions granted. We know that ISIS is using the ref-ugee system to infiltrate Western na-tions. We know that first- or second- generation radical Islamists have killed over 70 Americans since Boston and wounded over 300 on U.S. soil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.002 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H883 February 2, 2017 
b1015 We know that, just over a month ago, a dozen innocent individuals at a Christmas market in Berlin were mur-dered and 50 more were injured by a refugee. We know that the fallacious concept of a Muslim ban inflames and enrages our enemies and serves as a re-cruiting tool. So the question then becomes: Why do some Members of this esteemed body continue to perpetuate what is willful ignorance at best and a false-hood at worst? Why say there is a Mus-lim ban when there is not? Mr. Speaker, if politics stop at the water’s edge, then Members won’t play loose with the facts to score political points. Members won’t advance a false narrative that endangers Americans. Members will support this President, as they did the last President, as he seeks to discharge his duty to defend the United States, its citizens, and our Constitution against all enemies, for-eign and domestic. 
f 
TRUMP IMMIGRATION EXECUTIVE ORDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, last Saturday, a U.S. Army interpreter, who risked his life serving our country for over a decade in Mosul and Baghdad, was stopped at the air-port and detained for 18 hours. His name was Hameed Khalid Darweesh. Why was he detained? Because he came from a country that was singled out by President Trump be-cause of the religion of its people. He did so not to increase safety, but to in-still fear. When people are afraid, they tend to let their President and their elected leaders do anything they think will protect them, and they ignore just about everything else. When the American people are afraid, they might ignore a President’s prom-ise that he would ‘‘drain the swamp.’’ When they are afraid, they might for-get that a President has treated Vladi-mir Putin better than he has treated the heads of state of our allies and trading partners. They might ignore his attacks on women, on minorities, on our environment, on our health care, on our civil rights, on our public education system; and they might even ignore investigations into his vast con-flicts of interest. They might be willing to overlook the very principles of our Constitution that, indeed, make us safe. One of these principles is freedom of religion, be-cause our Founding Fathers knew that despots all over the world have used fear of another group’s religion to do terrible, terrible things throughout the history of man. So when the President singles out who can come into this country and who cannot based on one’s religion, he is insulting and turning his back on our Constitution—a Constitu-tion that keeps us safe, a Constitution that, by its own example, helps to keep the world safe. Let’s be clear. When Mr. Trump bars a man like Hameed, an interpreter who helped protect our troops from coming into our country, because of his reli-gion, he is not protecting us; he is en-dangering us and he is endangering the world. We cannot let it stand. We must resist. f 
UPHOLDING OUR NATION’S VAL-UES OF A DEMOCRATIC GOVERN-MENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, it is only day 13 into the Donald Trump adminis-tration and we are already faced with yet another round of questions about President Trump’s potential conflicts of interest over his business holdings. The most recent issue to raise ques-tions is President Trump’s Muslim ban executive order. At face value, this ac-tion looks like yet another harmful step in his divisive agenda. Trump’s hateful scapegoating of refugees will make us less safe, and it goes against our country’s moral fiber and small ‘‘d’’ democratic values. It is hard to be-lieve that these seven countries were targeted based on a serious threat that was posed by their citizens who were traveling to the United States. The people responsible for some of the most egregious attacks on Amer-ican soil in recent decades, including 9/ 11, the Times Square bombing, the Bos-ton Marathon bombing, the Pulse nightclub shooting, and others did not come from these seven countries. In fact, refugees from these countries al-ready face a lengthy and rigorous vet-ting process led by our security intel-ligence agencies. This 20-step process involves multiple background checks, interviews, and screenings, and it fre-quently takes between 18 and 24 months for approval. However, these seven countries do have at least one thing in common. Ac-cording to Bloomberg News, The Trump Organization does not have business or has not pursued business deals in any of them. President Trump does, on the other hand, have business ties to other countries in the region that were excluded from the ban. His FEC filings indicate The Trump Orga-nization has development projects in Saudi Arabia and business projects pos-sibly related to Egypt. These countries were excluded from the executive order despite their being home to many of the terrorists who carried out 9/11. In Turkey, President Trump has a licens-ing deal for two luxury towers to use his name—a deal he received up to $5 million for just last year. He also has licensing agreements with businesses in other countries in the region. I am not saying that we should ban people from these countries. I firmly oppose any ban that is based on nation-ality or religion, but it is unacceptable that business interests have played po-tentially a role in such a destructive policy that also makes our country less safe in the long run. This move will likely damage relationships with our Muslim allies who are fighting ISIS militants, and be used as a tool by the Islamic State to increase their recruit-ment and radicalization efforts. Of course, my friends in the majority and in the White House claim that the seven countries under this order were similarly targeted by our previous ad-ministration. In reality, President Trump’s discriminatory ban is dras-tically different than President Obama’s specific changes to the State Department Visa Waiver Program, in which the changes focused on expedited visa privileges for dual nationals and did not target all citizens from specific countries; but I will bet you didn’t hear Sean Spicer make that distinction. In-stead, the administration is busy downplaying the number of people who were impacted by this decision and is claiming that only 109 people were af-fected—aka alternative facts. At least 700 people were denied boarding after the order was issued, and 90,000 people in these countries already have visas but will not be able to travel to the United States. It is time for the President to stop defending his divisive and unconstitu-tional executive order and start being transparent about his business inter-ests. Every President who has been elected in the modern era has released his tax records to ensure the American people that his actions will not be im-pacted by financial holdings. After promising throughout the campaign to release his tax returns, President Trump’s advisers recently announced that he will indefinitely hide this infor-mation from the public. These holdings potentially put President Trump in di-rect violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution on day one. The safeguard is designed to prevent corruption and foreign influence over policy decisions by not allowing Fed-eral officials to take money from a for-eign entity without there being con-gressional approval; but we have seen report after report of foreign leaders and diplomats choosing to stay at the Trump International Hotel in Wash-ington, D.C., in order to gain favor with the administration. They stand to profit from foreign governments, in-cluding a big paycheck from a Chinese bank, which is a large tenant at the Trump Tower. These are just tip-of- the-iceberg examples of direct conflicts in both domestic and foreign policy under this President. Mr. President, it is time for you to fix this. One, divest your business hold-ings immediately to remove any sug-gestion of there being a conflict in your decisionmaking. Two, show us your tax returns so that your business and financial interests are transparent to the American people. Three, get rid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.005 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH884 February 2, 2017 
of your unconstitutional executive order, which will make us less safe and only serve to embolden our enemies. Short of that, we will have to take other actions, including legislative di-rectives, resolutions of disapproval, even exploring the power of impeach-ment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
ACTING ON AMERICA’S INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, last week, President Trump traveled to Philadelphia to address the Republican Conference. He talked about his pledge to spend $1 trillion on our crumbling infrastructure, and he expressed frus-tration that it is not part of the first 100 days’ agenda of the Republican leadership. I share that frustration. It is never on the agenda for the Repub-lican leadership to invest in American infrastructure. We did manage to pass a bill through the last Congress—the FAST Act—that was a decent continuation of our in-vestments, but it lacked funding dra-matically, and at the end of 5 years, our infrastructure will be in worse con-dition. So I share the President’s frus-tration. He also said, ‘‘fix it first.’’ Last week, I talked about harbors. It is easy to take care of the harbor issue. All you have to do is spend the tax for the pur-pose for which it has been collected, but the Republicans don’t want to do that. Today I am going to talk a little bit about rail—in particular, the North-east Corridor. We had a report by Am-trak that assessed the needs on this corridor, which is shared by freight and rail and carries a phenomenal number of people and goods every day. Over 2,200 Amtrak commuter and freight trains work some portion of this route every day. However, it is in a state of serious disrepair. One of the most critical areas is in Baltimore, the Baltimore and Potomac Tunnel. It was an investment made by the Government of the United States of America. It began during the Civil War and finished just after. It has held up. That is a pretty amazing amount of time, but it is at the point of failure now, and if that tunnel fails, it will choke off all of the movement of goods and people from Washington, D.C.— points south—to the northeast. It is a major economic engine—a hugely pop-ulated area of the United States of America. The tunnel fix has gone through an environmental impact statement; so they can’t drag out with, ‘‘Oh, it is those darned regulations and environ-mental restrictions. We can’t get it done.’’ No. We can get it done. We have got a plan. We have got an engineering design. All we need is the money—the investment—by the Government of the United States. Now, we have a Speaker who says, ‘‘Oh, if it is worth doing, the private sector will do it.’’ No. This is an asset which serves both private and public interests, and it needs a Federal investment. That is $4 billion. If you go all the way up to Boston, you are looking at over $30 billion: bridges—critical bridges—that are 100, 110, 120, 130 years old and that are fall-ing apart. It is time for some action here. If we go a little further north, up to New York, we have the Hudson River tunnel, which is another engineering miracle. The Hudson River tunnel was completed in, oh, 1909. Then, of course, even though that has held up pretty well, it was flooded during Hurricane Sandy, and the salts that got in there are accelerating the erosion of that tunnel, and it is near the point of fail-ure; so we would no longer be con-nected to New York City through the Hudson River tunnel. There are 200,000 passengers who use that every day. That would be a blow not only to the New York and regional economy, but to the national economy should that tunnel fail. Other countries are making these in-vestments. I was in Japan last year. They have a rail system that they built 40 years ago. It has run on time for 40 years. It has had no accidents for 40 years, and it travels at about 200 miles an hour. We, the great United States of America, can sometimes get trains up to 20, 30 miles an hour—at critical sec-tions of this rail infrastructure—but we do not have time for that. First, we have to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Then we have to cut taxes for the wealthiest among us, and maybe they will build the tunnels and bridges and name them after themselves. I don’t think so. They will be buying more super yachts and expensive places to go on vacation. It is past time for this Congress to act in making critical investments in America’s infrastructure. Yesterday, I unveiled a clock which tracks the cost of delays and congestion to the econ-omy and to the people of the United States on a daily basis because of dete-riorated infrastructure. The clock is ticking. It is time to stop that clock and rebuild our country. 
f 
b1030 DANTE SAWYER GOODBYE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank a long-time staff member in my office, Dante Sawyer, who, after nearly 4 years of service to the families of the Second Congres-sional District, is moving on to new op-portunities to work in the office of Cook County State’s Attorney Kim Foxx. It will be a tall task replacing Dante in my office, but I am comforted and take pride in the fact that Dante will make a huge difference in a new capac-ity. When I first came to Congress and was deciding who I wanted to represent me in the field; who I wanted to serve the families I care so much about; and who had the compassion, presence, and leadership abilities to make a dif-ference back in Chicago, I knew that Dante was the difference maker that I needed. Dante has a million dollar mind and an irreplaceable heart. He is the pulse of the people with a gift for public serv-ice. It is no secret that the Chicagoland area has been rocked by gun violence and economically distressing cir-cumstances. And there is much that needs to be done for the families of Chicago. It is sad that January of 2017 has started off with just as many shootings as January of 2016—and 2016 was the most violent year for Chicago with nearly 700 gun deaths last year. But Dante holds the belief that I do, that nothing stops a bullet like an op-portunity. And each year, he has been a lead staffer on my team in coordi-nating a youth job and resource expo in the Second Congressional District. Through this work, Dante has helped me leave a mark in offering economic opportunity, mentorship, and job readi-ness training to thousands of Chicagoland youth, helping to ensure the success of the next generation. He will be gone from my office, but his service continues. Congratulations, Dante, and continued success to his wonderful wife and his brilliant daugh-ters, Jordan and Payton. I am honored to have the privilege to have worked with you. And on behalf of the families of the Second Congres-sional District, thank you so much for a job well done. CHICAGO GUN VIOLENCE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, last month, as I mentioned, Chicago suffered just as many gun shootings as the year before, and 2016 was a record- setting month itself. I have come to the floor countless times to draw attention to this epi-demic. Last week, President Trump threatened to send in the Feds in re-sponse to the carnage. It was very dis-heartening to hear and see on the news that my colleagues made jokes at their Republican retreat last week about this. This morning, he spoke at the Na-tional Prayer Breakfast. In that vein, I remind him of the Gospel of Matthew: violence begets violence; hate begets hate. The proper response is not threat of more force, increased demonization, or further withering of police-community relations. More cops on the beat alone is not the solution. It is mentorship, job training, and increased economic de-velopment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.006 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H885 February 2, 2017 
Nothing stops a bullet like an oppor-tunity. I keep an open invitation to President Trump to visit my district so he can learn this himself and speak to those in the trenches, and those vic-timized by gun violence, instead of just demonizing in 140 characters from the safety of the White House residence. 
REAFFIRM INTERNATIONAL ALLIANCES  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Our inter-national alliances are vital to U.S. se-curity. Allies like Australia have never failed to answer the U.S.’s call for help. For decades, Australia and the U.S. have cooperated on everything from military and intelligence to diplomacy and trade. Yet, now, as we face increasing ten-sions in the Asia Pacific, President Trump seems determined to promote instability and uncertainty. To assist with the rebalance to Asia, the United States has 2,500 marines stationed in Darwin. This forward pos-ture allows the U.S. greater oper-ational flexibility and military inte-gration with Australia. I encourage President Trump to co-ordinate more closely with the State Department so he can fully understand the delicate balance of international affairs. Historical tensions between countries like Taiwan and China, and India and Pakistan require particular attention to historical precedents and agree-ments. The U.S. will gain nothing by pro-jecting uncertainty or hostility toward our allies. They have sent their sons and daughters off to war on our behalf and formed bonds on the battlefield that will never be forgotten. I urge my colleagues to reaffirm our international alliances and reject ef-forts by the administration to under-mine decades of peace and security. 
f 
HONORING DR. CAROL MITCHELL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to commemorate African American History Month by honoring one of the exceptional Americans who resides in our district in Omaha. Dr. Carol Mitchell’s career of public service and her dedication to education has made her a true hero and an inspi-ration to us all. Dr. Mitchell was born and raised in, what was at the time, a segregated Port Arthur, Texas. Her identical twin sister, Bishop Sarah Davis, graduated as covaledictorians from Lincoln High School in Port Arthur. After gradua-tion, she attended North Texas State University in Denton. North Texas State University afforded Dr. Mitchell her first educational experience with an integrated school. During this time, Carol had the for-tune of studying chemistry and geol-ogy at Morris Brown College and at Emory University through summer education programs. Dr. Mitchell and her sister, who also attended North Texas State Univer-sity, were the first African Americans initiated into the North Texas Green Jackets, a student community service organization further cultivating Dr. Mitchell’s love for public service and education. In 1970, after graduating from North Texas State University with a bachelor of science in secondary education, Dr. Mitchell married her husband, Glenn Mitchell, and moved to Omaha, Ne-braska. In Omaha, she continued her work in public service, teaching science and chemistry for 15 years at Omaha Burke High School, culmi-nating as the supervisor of all science education for the entire Omaha public school system. In 1991, Dr. Mitchell took an instruc-tor position at the University of Ne-braska Omaha, and for the next 22 years, Dr. Mitchell educated future science teachers in the college of edu-cation. It was during this time that Dr. Mitchell earned her doctoral degree from the University of Nebraska-Lin-coln. Dr. Mitchell’s public service went far beyond just the Omaha and Midwestern region, to include work and study abroad. Among her many postdoctoral accomplishments, she twice had the honor of working at Oxford University in England and through her service with the African Methodist Episcopal Church, and she conducted Summer Science Institute courses in chemistry and biology for students and teachers and countries across Southern Africa. Since 1991, she has received 21 awards, including the STEM Legacy Award from the Empowerment Net-work earlier this year, and the UNO Alumni Excellence in Teaching Award in 2009. Dr. Mitchell has led a vibrant and in-spiring life of public service in edu-cation and has worked to enrich the lives of all of her students and cowork-ers through her love of science and edu-cation. Her many accolades and awards throughout her life as a student, educa-tor, and public servant attest to the legacy she has left. Though starting life with the chal-lenges of a segregated community, she has persevered to obtain the epitome of success and enhance our communities and Nation. Undoubtedly, Dr. Mitchell has had a lifetime of influence, and her legacy will endure for many genera-tions to come. 
f 
IMPORTANCE OF ANIMAL WELFARE IN OUR COMMUNITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today we are starting efforts to refor-mulate the Animal Protection Caucus here for this Congress. I have been pleased for several years to serve as the co-chair. Last Congress, it was with our friend Congressman MIKE F
ITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania—a bi-partisan effort involving over 130 men and women in Congress who are dedi-cated to efforts of animal protection. The welfare of animals says a lot about us. Animal abuse is often a pre-cursor to domestic violence. We find that the health and welfare of animals in our communities speak to the envi-ronmental protections. We find that people who are able to deal meaning-fully with animal welfare have a chance, in many cases, to have benefits that go far beyond what you would imagine. Animals have a capacity to have a calming influence on people. We see this as volunteers bring pet rabbits to nursing homes to be able to deal with people. Animals have a way of reducing people’s blood pressure. It is a great symbiotic relationship. Here in Congress, we have a wide va-riety of areas that we can work on to-gether to advance animal protections. We have strengthened laws against ani-mal fighting. We have raised awareness about the barbaric practice of horse soring injuring them to produce the distinctive gait. We promote humane treatment of animals in agricultural research, to be able to reduce the harmful effects on animals in produc-tion of cosmetics. We have bipartisan legislation that would allow people to have their ani-mals at domestic violence shelters, or for emergency services. One of the things that was most jar-ring for me, illustrated by what hap-pened with Katrina—2005 hurricane in New Orleans—that there were times where people would not abandon their home because they were afraid of what would happen to their puppy. We have seen women who are in a sit-uation of domestic violence refuse to leave their abuser because they are afraid of what is going to happen to their kitten that would be left behind. I am pleased that, in this Congress, the Republican co-chair is going to be my friend Congressman V
ERN B
UCHANAN from Florida. V ERNbrings to this issue personal passion, energy, and new ideas. And I am quite confident we will continue the efforts with the cau-cus to be able to promote animal wel-fare, promote understanding on Capitol Hill. We have had, on a monthly basis, bi-partisan briefings of legislation with Republican and Democratic cosponsors that garner broad support. And I am hopeful together that this can be, in a time when there is more than a little contention and controversy—that this is an area that we can come together to work on, on Capitol Hill. We are supported by organizations like the American Society for the Pre-vention of Cruelty to Animals, the Ani-mal Welfare Institute, Born Free, The Humane Society; representative of the over 25,000 organizations across the country that are dedicated to animal protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.008 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH886 February 2, 2017 
I am hopeful that each of my col-leagues will join us in this bipartisan effort, focus on simple commonsense things that we can do that bring us to-gether to promote animal welfare, to be able to make all of God’s creatures better off, and in so doing, reinforce our humanity. 
f 
AMERICAN HEART ASSOCIATION— GO RED FOR WOMEN CAMPAIGN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to support American Heart Asso-ciation’s Go Red for Women campaign. The Go Red for Women campaign is an incredible public awareness initia-tive, spearheaded by the American Heart Association to promote heart- healthy lifestyles. We have great results. Since Go Red for Women started in 2004, more than 627,000 women’s lives have been saved, and I am so proud that I was an initiator and supporter of Go Red for Women in my great State of Ohio in the capital city of Columbus. Yes, we have made great progress, Mr. Speaker, but we still have a long way to go in helping to prevent cardio-vascular disease, including stroke. Cardiovascular diseases claim more lives each year than all forms of cancer combined, and it is just not women, Mr. Speaker. That includes men, also. However, women do have a higher risk of stroke than their male counterparts. In fact, 90 percent of all women have one or more risk factors for developing heart disease. Collectively, cardio-vascular disease and stroke cause one in three women’s death each year, kill-ing approximately one woman every minute. b1045 Yet, even with these eye-catching statistics, according to the American Heart Association, almost half of all the women, Mr. Speaker, are not aware of heart disease, and that it is the lead-ing cause of death for women. For African American women like me, the risk of heart disease is far greater. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death for African American women, killing almost 50,000 annually. Of African American women ages 20 and older, 49 percent have heart disease, but only 1 in 5 African Amer-ican women believe they are personally at risk. Mr. Speaker, I was one of them. I suf-fered a cerebral brain stem stroke in 1999. But after my personal experience, I decided to do something about it. I decided to get more engaged, and I am so proud to say that I was appointed to serve on the American Heart Associa-tion Board, and at that time, I was the only non-healthcare professional or cardiovascular physician on the board. That is why, Mr. Speaker, when I came to Congress, I decided that I would be engaged, and I became the co- chair of the Congressional Heart and Stroke Coalition, where my colleagues and I work very hard to raise the awareness about the prevalence and the severity of cardiovascular disease. Last Congress, Mr. Speaker, I intro-duced the Return to Work Awareness Act, which would assist survivors of stroke and other debilitating health occurrences to be able to return to work. Mr. Speaker, I will always be an ac-tive participant in education and awareness. I will reintroduce that im-portant piece of legislation this month, during American Heart Month, and I invite all my colleagues, Democrat and Republican, to join me in sponsoring this piece of legislation. This month, as we celebrate Amer-ican Heart Month, let us recommit our-selves to becoming more educated about cardiovascular diseases, improv-ing our heart health, and continuing to fight against this devastating disease. Today, Mr. Speaker, I want the Na-tion to know that women will stand on the Capitol steps, and we will have our photo taken, all dressed in red, because we want to stand united to help edu-cate this Nation, that if we stand to-gether, maybe, just maybe, we can send a strong signal to America that we can fight against this disease. I want to personally thank Nancy Brown for allowing me to serve with her on the Board, and welcome the new CEO, Steven Houser, and so many of the volunteers across this Nation and the leaders because we know, Mr. Speaker, that we need to recognize all Americans who are battling heart dis-ease and express gratitude to all of them. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. There have been many prayers this day rising to You from those engaged in the political discourse of this Na-tion. We give You thanks for those who were able to gather at the National Prayer Breakfast and those across this land who joined their prayer intentions with the many who attended. Bless the Members of this people’s House now as they gather to do the leg-islative work they are called to do. May their prayers this day be authen-tic and heard by You, the living God. May their work be fruitful and bene-ficial to those whom You favor, the poor. And may all they do be done in humility and charity, knowing that we are all earthen vessels through whom Your Spirit might shine forth. And, finally, may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing the DREAMers, Immi-grants, Refugees—or DIRe—Legal Aid Act. This bill will fund legal services to protect them from the recent executive orders. In my district last week, I held an immigration town hall. The place was packed with people who were afraid for their neighbors and afraid for our com-munities, and this was before the exec-utive order was released. When I was at LAX this past Saturday evening, I saw the fear escalate. President Trump’s executive orders directly challenge the due process rights that are guaranteed to all of us under the Constitution. My legislation will help DREAMers, immigrants, and refugees have access to legal representation. Refugees are already vetted by the State Depart-ment, and the State Department does a very good job. If we want to do extreme vetting, let’s do it right, and let’s do it legally. If we wish to remain a beacon of free-dom to the world, we must stand up for immigrants and refugees who look to America as a place of hope. We can’t just claim we are the greatest Nation in the world—we have to be the great-est Nation in the world. 
f 
MICHIGAN ON THE FOREFRONT OF AUTOMOTIVE AND TECHNO-LOGICAL INNOVATION (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight an exciting, new develop-ment that builds on Michigan’s leader-ship in the auto industry. Earlier this week, General Motors and Honda announced a joint venture to produce an advanced hydrogen fuel cell system. With an investment of $85 million, this operation will bring new, good-paying jobs, and it will be based at a manufacturing facility in south-east Michigan. This is just the latest example of how Michigan continues to be on the forefront of automotive and technological innovation that has the potential to revolutionize the industry. Mr. Speaker, that is not all. A few weeks ago, GM also announced a plan to invest an additional $1 billion in United States manufacturing, which will create thousands of jobs for Amer-ican workers. With our State’s world-class work-force and commitment to cutting-edge research, Michigan will remain a glob-al automotive leader for generations to come. SLEEP APNEA IN THE RAILROAD INDUSTRY (Mr. SIRES asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the grave consequences that undetected obstructive sleep apnea has on safety in the railroad industry. Obstructive sleep apnea is caused by the obstruction of the airway during sleep. Untreated sleep apnea can cause unintended sleep episodes that may re-sult in attention deficits and in a loss of situational awareness. It is a serious safety concern in railroading and has been a factor in numerous crashes: The September New Jersey Transit crash in Hoboken, New Jersey, was op-erated by an engineer with undiagnosed sleep apnea; In April 2011, a BNSF coal train col-lided with a standing train in Iowa that resulted in the deaths of two crew members. Medical records showed that both crew members had multiple risk factors for sleep apnea; In December 2013, a Metro-North Railroad passenger train derailed, kill-ing four passengers and injuring 60. The engineer feel asleep due to undiagnosed sleep apnea. I am pleased that the Federal Rail-road Administration finally released a safety advisory that calls for railroads to screen train operators for sleep apnea, and I hope it is instituted quick-ly. f 
REMEMBERING DESSEY L. KUHLKE (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Augusta community mourned the loss of a legend in the business commu-nity—Dessey Landrum Kuhlke. Dessey was the most caring and self-less leader I had ever known. As a long-time resident of the area, Dessey grad-uated from Georgia Southern Univer-sity and served in the United States Army from 1959 to 1965. I was fortunate enough to work for him and with him during my 35-year career in construction and the develop-ment industry. I had the opportunity to serve alongside him in the Augusta Exchange Club and sit in front of him on Sundays at Trinity on the Hill United Methodist Church. Dessey was a husband, a father, a grandfather, a friend, and a mentor to many in our community. He and his wife, Barbara, lost two of their chil-dren at a young age, and Dessey was the rock that held that family to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I have recently lost two of my heroes: Arnold Palmer in Sep-tember and Dessey Kuhlke last week. But through the loss, I can’t help but smile when I think about the possi-bility of those two getting together with family in Heaven and playing a round of golf. Augusta is a better place because of Dessey Kuhlke. We will re-member him often. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF BUF-FALO’S HISTORIC COLORED MU-SICIANS CLUB (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, as the Nation recognizes Black History Month, I rise to pay tribute to a special history in my west-ern New York community. This Friday marks the 100th anniver-sary of the opening of Buffalo’s historic Colored Musicians Club. The club’s ori-gin stretches back to 1917 when a group of African American musicians sought to create its own safe haven in a then- segregated community. They banded together, organized, and started Local 533 of the American Federation of Mu-sicians. Some of the world’s most prolific jazz musicians have performed at the club. The likes of Billie Holiday, Duke Ellington, and Ella Fitzgerald all im-pressed crowds in the building near the corner of Broadway and Michigan. Through the years, the Colored Musi-cians Club has become an important community and cultural center, fea-turing a museum to educate new gen-erations of the club’s key role in Buf-falo and our country’s history. As this landmark celebrates a cen-tury of work, we support its continued success and celebrate the example it sets in advancing the coming together of community and culture. 
f 
HONORING FORMER REPRESENTATIVE TOM BARLOW (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Thomas Jefferson Barlow, III—a former Mem-ber of this honorable body—who passed away on Tuesday, January 31, at the age of 76. Mr. Barlow, a Democrat, represented the citizens of Kentucky’s First Con-gressional District from January 3, 1993, until January 3, 1995. Mr. Barlow was a tremendous public servant who had a positive impact on thousands of people. He was dedicated to making lives better, but he never sought fame or glory. He got satisfaction in having his voice heard and in influencing pub-lic policy. He was born in Washington, D.C., but his family roots ran deep in Ballard County, Kentucky, where his ancestor and namesake, Thomas Jefferson Bar-low, was an original settler in the town of Barlow. He grew up in Chevy Chase, Maryland, and graduated from Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C. In his political career and private life, he worked tirelessly to help the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.013 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH888 February 2, 2017 
less fortunate, to create jobs, to im-prove the environment, and to improve education. His professional career in-cluded work in State government and as a business executive. Although he lost his reelection bid in 1994, he was not discouraged and con-tinued to make his voice heard by run-ning for additional races for the House and the U.S. Senate. In fact, he used the same vehicle in all of his cam-paigns, and its odometer topped 400,000 miles when it finally wore out after 13 years. He was always outspoken and stood up for what he felt was right even if it was in opposition to his own political party’s views. He lived with his wife of 28 years, Shirley Pippin Barlow, in Paducah, Kentucky, where he was a former di-rector of the River City Mission, which helped homeless people get on their feet, and the Lone Oak Kiwanis Club. He was also an active member of the Grace United Methodist Church in La Center, Kentucky. I ask my colleagues to join me in sending condolences to the Barlow fam-ily. 
f 
REFUGEE BAN (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, 2015: ‘‘Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitu-tional.’’—Governor M
IKEPENCE . 2016: ‘‘A religious test for entering our country is not reflective of our fun-damental values. I reject it.’’—Speaker P
AULRYAN. 2017: Acceptance from both P
ENCE  and R
YAN. What has changed? This unconstitutional executive order and its hasty implementation has created chaos and confusion at our Na-tion’s airports. With the stroke of a pen, President Trump negligently and shamefully turned his back on thou-sands of desperate men, women, and children who were fleeing war zones. Green card holders and visa card hold-ers who have been denied entry and de-tained for hours have dominated our news. This is not who we are. This ban will make America safer. That is an alternative fact. This ban emboldens our enemies, serves as a re-cruitment tool for terrorists, and puts our servicemembers in the Middle East in greater danger. That is fact. I urge my Republican colleagues to speak out just like they did in 2015 and 2016. We can’t afford your silence. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate National Catholic Schools Week. America’s Catholic schools educate over 2 million students from diverse backgrounds each year, effectively pre-paring them for a brighter future and instilling in them faith-filled values. Data show that Catholic schools are often the highest-performing edu-cational institutions in our commu-nities. In fact, 99 percent of students from Catholic schools graduate from high school. This week, I applaud Catholic schools for making a difference with students throughout our country; I applaud the educators who invest in their students’ academic and spiritual formation; and I applaud the 28 Catholic grade schools and high schools that faithfully work in the 18th Congressional District of Il-linois. Today I am a cosponsor of a resolu-tion that expresses congressional sup-port of Catholic schools for their in-valuable contributions to students and families across America. It is with deep gratitude that I recognize those Catho-lic educators who are shaping the next generation. f 
b1215 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 36, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A FINAL RULE OF THE BU-REAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.J. RES. 37, DIS-APPROVING A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE, THE GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION, AND THE NA-TIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 74 and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 74 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 36) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Produc-tion Subject to Royalties, and Resource Con-servation’’. All points of order against con-sideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amend-ment thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 37) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of De-fense, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration relating to the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation. All points of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against pro-visions in the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform; and (2) one motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of two impor-tant measures, which would overturn two significant onerous regulations fi-nalized in the waning days of the Obama administration. First, the resolution provides for the consideration of H.J. Res. 36, providing for congressional disapproval of the so- called BLM methane rule. The rule pro-vides for 1 hour of debate, equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Natural Re-sources Committee and provides for a motion to recommit. In addition, the resolution provides for consideration of H.J. Res. 37, pro-viding for congressional disapproval of the so-called blacklisting rule. The rule provides 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and provides for a motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, burdensome regulations are crippling our businesses. The Obama administration finalized 38 major rules between election day and inauguration day. It is estimated those rules will cost our economy $41.2 bil-lion. Sadly, this was just par for the course with the previous administra-tion. In 2016, the Obama administration finalized over 400 regulations at a cost of over $160 billion to the economy. Over the entire Obama Presidency, over 3,000 regulations, at a cost of $873.6 billion, were finalized. I am heartened by President Trump’s regulatory freeze, which has been esti-mated to save over $180 billion in regu-latory costs, followed by his executive order which aims to revoke two regula-tions for every new regulation put for-ward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.014 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H889 February 2, 2017 
Specifically, H.J. Res. 36 overturns the BLM methane rule. The rule is a significant regulatory overreach by the Bureau of Land Management. Under the Clean Air Act, the Environmental Protection Agency has the authority to regulate methane emissions, which it currently does. Instead, the BLM has decided to also assert authority over methane in a way that is both duplica-tive and unnecessary, yet has signifi-cant negative impact on jobs, energy production, and Federal, State, and local revenues. Mr. Speaker, this is a regulation in search of a problem. According to a 2015 EPA study, methane emissions from both natural gas systems and crude oil production have fallen by sig-nificant margin, even while oil and natural gas production have exploded. The BLM flaring rule is both costly and unnecessary. The second rule considered by this resolution is similarly a solution in search of a problem. For decades, the Federal Government has had a suspen-sion and debarment process in place to deny Federal contracts to bad actors who violate basic worker protections. However, President Obama signed an executive order directing various agen-cies to add another layer of bureauc-racy onto the Federal procurement sys-tem. Prior to awarding a contract, each agency’s contracting officer and a newly created labor compliance adviser will be required to review both viola-tions and alleged violations to deter-mine whether an employer should be awarded a Federal contract. Even the courts have agreed this is overreach. In October of 2016, a Federal district judge blocked enforcement of these rules, cit-ing concerns with the violation of due process rights and executive overreach. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we prevent implementa-tion of these rules which are unneces-sary and add even more regulatory bur-dens to our struggling businesses and anemic economy. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in opposition to this rule and the underlying resolutions. The resolutions that this rule pro-vides consideration for threaten our air and don’t protect the American people. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim that somehow repealing these rules will create jobs. It will ac-tually destroy jobs, jobs that are asso-ciated with recapturing methane. This is what a methane flare looks like. I drive by them in Colorado, and the potential for capturing, rather than flaring that methane, is impor-tant for the quality of our air and to reduce our emissions. The House majority has made it their priority to instill fear and uncertainty in hardworking American families. People, who come here legally on visas who have lived here for many years, even small businesses, rather than fo-cusing on jobs or having constructive conversations about immigration, are worried about their employees and, in some cases, even their owners being de-ported or not allowed back after con-ducting business overseas. Republicans apparently would rather help shield large corporations from transparency, eliminate regulations that protect families from water and air pollution, and require companies to follow wage rules. To add to this uncertainty and fear, President Trump has signed an execu-tive order already that bans refugees and citizens from predominantly Mus-lim countries. Well, America is a na-tion of immigrants—those who fled po-litical and religious persecution, vio-lence in their home countries, and those seeking to build a family in a country that values freedom and up-holds civil rights. Our new President has decided that the best use of taxpayer money is to build a wall on our southern border. Our President has used his first 2 weeks in office to generate fear and un-certainty among vulnerable households who may lose their health insurance rather than create jobs and improve our economy. The new President has even limited the ability of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to commu-nicate with the public about things like methane flaring. The two Congressional Review Act resolutions we are discussing today— like the previous ones that, I should point out, do not follow regular order— they didn’t receive any hearings in this Congress. They were a closed rule with no amendments allowed. I offered two amendments to the methane rule amendment. Neither were allowed to even be debated on this floor of this House, no less adopted. I would like to quote from Speaker R
YANwhen he took the gavel in Octo-ber of 2015. He said: ‘‘We need to let every member contribute—not once they have earned their stripes, but right now.’’ In a further quote, Speaker R
YANsaid: ‘‘The committees should re-take the lead in drafting all major leg-islation. If you know the issue, you should write the bill. Open up the proc-ess.’’ ‘‘In other words, we need to return to regular order.’’ Yet, here we are again with two CRAs that did not come through reg-ular order, did not have a hearing with no opportunity for Members on either side of the aisle, Democrats or Repub-licans, with good ideas to make these pieces of legislation any better. Appar-ently, Speaker R
YAN’s commitment doesn’t apply to CRAs or issues that keep our air and water clean or protect workers. I would like to ask that Speaker R
YANexplain to his colleagues how he is sticking to his commitment of reg-ular order and to clarify what that means. Not one amendment was allowed to be heard on the floor on either of these bills. This is a closed rule, including two of mine. First, let’s talk about the methane waste rule. It is very important to my constituents where fracking has wors-ened the quality of the air and upset neighborhoods across my district in Colorado. b1230 The first amendment offered in the Rules Committee was to the methane waste rule, and it would have added Bureau of Land Management scientific findings. It would offer transparency and truth to this Congressional Review Act, providing facts about methane, methane waste, and why it is necessary for this rule to be moved forward. Without this rule, we would be seeing a lot more of this in areas like my dis-trict and my State. In the last few weeks, a war on science has been begun by this admin-istration. If we support facts, then we should let facts speak for themselves and be as objective as possible. We should have allowed that amendment which would have listed the scientific truths around methane and this rule. Scientific facts are clear. The cur-rent rule would supply energy for up to 740,000 more households per year. Rath-er than burn that methane into the at-mosphere, we can actually provide en-ergy for 740,000 more households; and that methane is 25 times more dan-gerous and potent as carbon dioxide for worsening the impact of global warm-ing. Even if you want to ignore the en-ergy impact of helping more Americans have power or the climate impacts of increasing climate change, if we look at this rule from a jobs perspective, this CRA would destroy American jobs. I would like to explain how this methane waste CRA rule will affect the jobs of thousands of employees of the more than 70 companies headquartered in the U.S. that provide services and equipment to identify and capture nat-ural gas and methane leaking from pipelines, processing equipment, and wells, including many in my home State of Colorado. This rule directly threatens the livelihood of many busi-nesses and employees in my home State. If, for some strange reason, the job creation argument isn’t enough for you, how about the hundreds of mil-lions of dollars American taxpayers would collect over the next decade from additional royalties? Oil and gas companies are required to pay for the methane they collect and sell from public lands, and the more that is captured rather than burned off, the better not only for the companies and the employees, but also for tax-payers as we try to reduce our budget deficit. An estimated $140 million in royal-ties over the next decade would be lost if this CRA moves forward. That is $140 million more in deficit spending that this rule signifies if it were to pass, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.017 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH890 February 2, 2017 
that is why it is opposed by Taxpayers for Common Sense and most other fis-cally conservative groups. Again, if job creation, science, and taxpayer savings aren’t enough, how about the cancer-causing impacts, car-cinogenic effects, of oil and gas drill-ing? Stacy Lambright lives in Thornton, Colorado, near my district with her husband, Eric, and her two kids, Jack and Molly. Stacy became a community activist and a member of Moms Clean Air Force after she found out her neighborhood park frequented by chil-dren and families was directly next to a leaking oil and gas fracking well. Stacy and her family have been liv-ing in the neighborhood for over 14 years, and they have started to experi-ence health concerns after oil and gas drillers moved in. Since 2015, Stacy’s been documenting an unusual amount of nosebleeds in her family. Just as re-cently as Monday, her daughter had a nosebleed, while her son had six nosebleeds last month, something they never had before. And Stacy’s hus-band’s asthma has significantly in-creased. They have lived in the neighborhood for 14 years and only recently, since the drilling occurred, have they had these health impacts. There have been no changes in their home or sur-rounding neighborhood other than the increased amount of fracking and oil and gas wells and leaks, documented leaks, to existing wells. This methane rule further threatens the health of constituents as we gather additional data, and that is why Stacy is advocating for stronger legislation and better management practices, not worse management practices, with re-gard to existing oil and gas wells. The safety and health of Stacy’s fam-ily should be a top priority for Con-gress, but it appears, instead, the Re-publicans’ top priority in this resolu-tion is bringing us back to a time when our water is polluted, our skies are smoggy, and health issues from dirty air are a burden for families. I know it has been argued—we prob-ably will again—that oil and gas com-panies are fixing and capping leaks on their own, but that is false. There is a massive amount of gas leaked every day, and these companies have not re-duced methane emissions from the field one bit. Again, absent this rule, we will see more of this kind of activ-ity, not less. Another argument is that infrastruc-ture, like pipelines, is important to prevent methane flaring. And of course that is true, but a GAO report says that only 9 percent of venting and flar-ing is due to the lack of infrastructure, so it is only a small part of the overall issue. And, by the way, this rule doesn’t block or in any way impede any new infrastructure projects, and more infra-structure alone clearly won’t solve the problem of leaking wells and flaring methane. The issue of leaking methane, in par-ticular, is partially addressed by this rule, which, by the way, doesn’t go far enough. However, what they wrote has been proven to work in creating jobs and cleaning up our air. In Colorado, we have a methane rule that, frankly, this rule is largely based on, and I know it has worked in Colo-rado. And while we need to do a lot bet-ter in my home State, at least some level of baseline can work for the whole country. Oil production on Federal lands went up 28 percent between 2010 and 2015 under the Obama administration. There is no question that BLM has and still has authority to regulate meth-ane. It is a waste of taxpayer money, a misuse of our public lands to do any-thing other than to reduce our meth-ane emissions. Just as an aside, the benefits of this rule include increased job creation, cleaner air, healthier families, and the climate. BLM was extraordinarily conscien-tious when drafting this rule. They held eight public forums. They ex-tended the comment period for 75 days. Over 300,000 public comments were col-lected and addressed. The BLM’s meth-ane rule was done out in the open with public input as opposed to, by the way, this process, which was done behind closed doors, without a public hearing, and didn’t even have a committee hear-ing. It doesn’t make sense to use the CRA to repeal this BLM methane rule. This BLM methane rule creates jobs, pro-tects our families, saves taxpayer money, and reduces our budget deficit. The second amendment I offered got to the heart of the problem with CRAs in general. Regardless of the rules that they are impacting, they are a reck-less, blunt tool, and they are not the right instrument for honest, thought-ful legislating. If Congress has a problem with the authority under which the methane rule was issued, we should amend the statutory authority of the agency, not use a congressional resolution of dis-approval. My other amendment simply said that the agency has the right and au-thority to write a rule impacting this issue which, otherwise, the CRA could effectively prevent; and due to that un-certainty, passing the CRA creates even more uncertainty for the indus-try. As the Denver Post, a newspaper that has endorsed dozens of Republicans over the last few years, said in regards to this methane waste rule: ‘‘Congress is getting ready to use an ax where it needs a scalpel.’’ The Congressional Review Act is one of the most ridiculous tools to be used by Congress, and, regardless of whether you disagree or agree with the policy, the better way to approach it would be to amend the statutory authority of the agency to make it clear whether they have the authority to issue this kind of rule and under what conditions. While we may disagree on that, and we may be able to offer and bring to the floor amendments regarding agen-cy authority, that is the appropriate venue for this discussion. Let’s move on to the other bill under this rule, the Fair Pay and Safe Work-places bill. My Republican colleagues continue to refer to this order as a problematic order. Unfortunately, it is another attempt to mislead the Amer-ican people. This is a tactic the Repub-lican elite have called ‘‘providing alter-native facts.’’ The rule under CRA today comes from the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces executive order, and it is sorely needed legislation. What this rule says is, if you are a company that consistently breaks the law, without regard for your workplace, workers, taxpayers, or the community, you should not receive millions of dollars in taxpayer con-tracts. It makes common sense to me. If you are abusing workers, have engaged in tax fraud, why would we want to con-tract with you with our taxpayer dol-lars? Companies that cut corners in safety or fair pay, dozens of other areas, shouldn’t get to compete for our tax-payer money against good actors and companies that play by the rules. Ev-erybody needs to start from a level playing field. Now, to be clear, there are only a few bad actors. The vast majority of com-panies have no issue at all with this rule. But unscrupulous actors who have ignored the law, violated the law, cut corners, should not be rewarded; and, to this day, there are a few bad actors that continue to receive billions of dol-lars of your taxpayer money in Federal contracts. In 2010, a GAO report proved that there was a problem. GAO investigated 15 Federal contractors cited for vio-lating hundreds of Federal labor laws enforced by the Department of Labor, OSHA, and the National Labor Rela-tions Board. The Federal Government awarded these 15 Federal contractors over $6 billion in government contract obligations, your money going to known violators in 2009 alone. How about that for waste, fraud, and abuse? Now, look, I don’t know about my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but fiscal responsibility is core to my beliefs as a Member of Congress. That is why I am a proud cosponsor of an amendment to require a balanced budget. I believe in the value of hard work and personal responsibility. If we know a company is cutting corners, taking the easy way out, and avoiding the re-sponsibility of the law, why would we reward them with your money? Organizations throughout the coun-try, representing a diverse group of stakeholders, agree. The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Service Employees International Union 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.019 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H891 February 2, 2017 
all join me in opposition to this Con-gressional Review Act. They recognize the value of hard work. They don’t sup-port companies who cheat. I don’t know why my Republicans colleagues do. This rule modernizes an antiquated system. Right now it is virtually im-possible for procurement officials to know if company A has had any viola-tions when they are up against com-pany B for a contract. If company A has been cheating workers out of over-time and that allows them to underbid Company B, they shouldn’t get the contract and be rewarded for violating the law. This executive order will increase co-ordination, simplification, access to in-formation, and streamline the system. This executive order does not set up any way for companies to be banned or disbarred. That process has always ex-isted and will still exist alongside this as a separate, independent process. In fact, what this process does is it pro-vides a remedial path for companies to right the ship, to get right with the law, to be eligible, once again, for Fed-eral contracts. A simple or rare mistake should, of course, not bar a company from par-ticipating in the Federal recruitment process. Instead, companies with re-peated and excessive transgressions should be helped to follow the law and create a better workplace and be re-warded to be better stewards of tax-payers dollars. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Not surprisingly, my friend and I have a number of disagreements on the wisdom of getting rid of these par-ticular regulations. We do agree on the importance of actually capturing methane gases. Frankly, my friend is right. That is a profitable thing, and most companies try to do it on their own. We do, frankly, need more infrastruc-ture in this area, no question about that. The BLM has been less than coop-erative in allowing that infrastructure to be built on Federal land, and that has made this problem more difficult than it needs to be. But it is important to recognize, overall, the amount of methane gas that actually escapes has gone down steadily and, frankly, dramatically, even as production has moved up. So additional regulation is unlikely to change that process. It may actually complicate it. In terms of where the appropriate au-thority lies, again, I would just remind my friend, as he knows, the Environ-mental Protection Agency has the au-thority to do this. So if it felt like it needed it, it could. The BLM has actually moved into a new area beyond its traditional juris-diction because it does not have au-thority, under the Clean Air Act, to draft these kind of rules and regula-tions. The Clean Air Act, again, is al-ready in place. The EPA has the au-thority. If we need to do something, let’s do it. In terms of the disbarment procedure for contractors, what we have is al-ready awfully robust. Almost 2,000 firms, or on 2,000 occasions, companies were disbarred in 2015 from Federal contracting work. It was the same in 2014. So there is something in place. We don’t need additional regulatory ex-pense, additional people working for the government. We can rely on the procedures we already have. My friend is concerned about the lack of hearings. I would remind him, while we haven’t had hearings on these items in this Congress, we certainly did on both of them in the last Congress, in some cases, multiple hearings. There is not any need to rehash and go over the same ground, in my view. Finally, in terms of just the process itself, the Congressional Review Act actually limits the form in which these sorts of things can be brought forward. If amendments are made in order, frankly, the item loses its privilege in the United States Senate, which, obvi-ously, changes the speed at which you can move and perhaps even the number of votes that are required to actually move forward. So we think, again, these are items that have been explored, looked at, de-bated. The evidence is pretty clear. We think it is important to move quickly in these areas, and I would urge the body to do so. Adopt the rule. Support the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule. What does this rule do? It enables the repeal of protections for American workers. These are regulations that en-sure that Federal contractors must dis-close labor violations across 14 basic labor laws. b1245 Our Federal contractors employ ap-proximately 28 million workers, and while the vast majority of contractors are in compliance, unfortunately, every year American workers are de-nied their overtime wages, they are discriminated against for their gender, or their age, or had their health and their safety put at risk. Why is this Republican majority working so hard to ensure that billions of taxpayer dollars continue to go to contractors that cheat their workers? This executive order targets those bad actors and the most egregious cases. The intention of the executive order was to encourage compliance with the law and level the playing field for con-tractors who are playing by the rules. If there are no violations, bidders sim-ply check a box. What should we be doing here in this body? We should be increasing worker protections, not demeaning them or de-creasing them. The more than one in five Americans who would be affected should be protected by our labor laws. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I just want to make a couple of good points. Remember, my friends, disbar-ment is already a very common proce-dure. It was invoked over 2,000 times. So having another regulatory hurdle and hoop to jump through, just simply isn’t necessary. Again, these regulations were, frank-ly, generated in the final waning months of the Obama administration. They haven’t been in action, and there is sort of a regulatory fit. It is not, by the way, unusual for just the last ad-ministration. All administrations have this tendency near the end, and that is one of the reasons why we have the Congressional Review Act in the first place, so that when administrations, in their waning days, decide they want to leave difficult situations or push through things that they didn’t see fit to do over an 8-year period, Congress can expeditiously make sure that those regulations aren’t put in place and businesses are forced to begin to com-ply with them. As I pointed out in my opening re-marks, the regulations released by the last administration—over 3,000 of them in an 8-year period—cost the economy over $870 billion. The regulations that were issued between election day and Inauguration Day cost the economy over $40 billion. That is real money. That is real investment that could go elsewhere and could hire people. So I would think that these, along with the other Congressional Review Act bills that will be coming forward, and have already come forward, will actually give the economy a much- needed shot in the arm, will help stim-ulate job creation and movement, and we have a timeframe in which we have to operate. So if we actually followed all of the procedures my friend suggested, many of these regulations, frankly, would never get reviewed before they went on the books. So it is better to act quickly. I think it is better for American business. Again, I urge the support of the rule and the underlying legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. I am prepared to close if the gentleman doesn’t have any re-maining speakers. Mr. COLE. I am certainly prepared to close. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. First of all, the gentleman from Oklahoma referenced that these have been the subject of hearings. I would point out that there are over 50 new Members of this body who were not part of the last Congress who have not had a chance to look at it. And there has been time. They could have had hearings and markups last week or the week before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.020 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH892 February 2, 2017 
prior to these bills coming to the floor. I just came from a hearing in one my committees today. So they certainly could have been done consistent with the timeline, had that been the desire. But, again, the better approach, the correct approach, would be to amend or change the authorities of the author-izing agency for these rules, rather than use the CRA process. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s im-moral and unconstitutional executive order banning Syrian refugees and sus-pending immigration from many coun-tries is an attack on our core American values as a nation of law and a nation of immigrants. This callous indifference of human suffering not only has tarnished and hurt our image abroad but harmed our national security by alienating allies and providing terrorist groups with new recruiting tools. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative L
OFGREN ’s bill to overturn and defund this dangerous executive order. Let me be perfectly clear for people watching what this vote means. A ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question gives us the opportunity to overturn this order and bring up Representative L
OFGREN ’s bill. A ‘‘yes’’ vote means the House will continue to do nothing to stop Presi-dent Trump’s executive action and, in-stead, choose with allowing more methane to be spewed into the atmos-phere. This will be the third such vote the House takes this week, and, so far, every vote cast by a Republican Mem-ber in Congress has been in favor of turning a blind eye to President Trump’s unconstitutional and dan-gerous order. The American people should take no-tice and insist that their elected Rep-resentatives vote ‘‘no’’ and reject this administration’s disgraceful policy. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment into the R
ECORD , along with ex-traneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. The fact that these CRA proposals that we have before us have not gone through any sort of special order, regular order; the fact that CRAs are cumbersome and reckless tools; and the fact that all they do is take away protections from our air and from our workers should make it easy for every Member of this body to join me in voting ‘‘no’’ on this rule and on the underlying bills. We should be keeping regulations and standards predictable that put Ameri-cans at the top of our priority list, not oil and gas companies, and not compa-nies that are bad actors and violate our law by refusing to pay overtime to their workers. We should value clean air, and we should value companies that play by the rules. We should value regulations that protect our taxpayer dollars rath-er than increase our deficit by $140 mil-lion. We can do all of these things by simply defeating this rule and defeat-ing the underlying bills. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bills. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to thank my friend. As al-ways, he is always thoughtful, always a good person to hold a debate and a con-versation with. On this one, we simply disagree. My friend referenced some of the ‘‘conserv-ative groups’’ that are supporting the maintenance of the flaring rule, the BLM. Just for the record, I want to add some that I am actually more familiar with: the Americans for Tax Reform, Citizens Against Government Waste, Americans for Prosperity, and Tax-payers Protection Alliance. All of those are in favor of the repeal of this regulation, and all of them think it will actually save businesses money and increase activity as opposed to the regulation which we think actually dis-courages economic activity. Again, these are regulations—in both cases, they were adopted in the final waning days of the administration. These are things that Congress had se-rious doubts against, but, obviously, couldn’t override an administration when they were in office. The Congressional Review Act itself is done, so we can do this sort of exer-cise after an administration leaves, and actually go back and undo some of the damage that I think is routinely done by both parties in their waning days, when they would actually be better off to just simply let the new people get into their jobs and actually go about their business. We have appropriate regulatory au-thority in both of these areas. Again, the Environmental Protection Agency has the power under the Clean Air Act to issue whatever regulations it cares to on methane. And here, frankly, we ought to pat business on the back be-cause, as we have increased production of both oil and natural gas, methane has consistently gone down dramati-cally and steadily over the years. I suspect that process will continue with or without the regulation of the Federal Government because, quite frankly, it makes good business sense. And, quite frankly, most people in pri-vate business want to be good stewards to the environment. They are not out to try and damage our air or our water. The same thing is true in terms of bad actors—and there certainly are some bad actors—that engage in activi-ties that are inappropriate for Federal contractors who violate the law. That is why, under current law, almost 2,000 companies were disbarred in 2015; a similar number in 2014. So, again, what we have in place ap-pears to be working. Why we would cre-ate an additional hurdle, hire addi-tional people, and force companies to do additional paperwork is beyond me. I don’t think it is the wise thing to do; I don’t think it is the necessary thing to do. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to en-courage all Members to support the rule. H.J. Res. 36 and H.J. Res. 37 both undo regulations that should never have been made in the first place. By preventing the implementation of these onerous, duplicative regulations, we will relieve the burdens faced by American small business. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 74 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 724) to provide that the Executive Order entitled ‘‘Protecting the Na-tion from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States’’ (January 27, 2017), shall have no force or effect, to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds to enforce the Executive Order, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 724. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.022 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H893 February 2, 2017 
ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1305 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) at 1 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 74. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 190, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 75] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—10 
Clark (MA) Hastings Hudson Jones Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Rush Smith (TX) Walker Zinke 
b1336 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 74 and 75 I was unable to cast my vote in person due to an emergency dental proce-dure. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 38 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1341 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) at 1 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SOCIAL SECU-RITY ADMINISTRATION Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 71, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 40) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration re-lating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.011 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H895 February 2, 2017 
and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 71, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 40 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Imple-mentation of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 91702 (December 19, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on the Judiciary or their designees. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials to H.J. Res. 40. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 40, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval of the rules submitted by the Social Security Administration relat-ing to implementation of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007. On December 19, 2016, in the waning days of the previous administration, the Social Security Administration published a rule finalizing the criteria for sending the names of certain Social Security beneficiaries to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, NICS. Under the rule, an individual’s name will be sent to the NICS if they receive disability insurance or supplemental security income benefits based on hav-ing a mental disorder, the person is be-tween age 18 and the full retirement age, and the SSA determines that the person needs a representative payee to manage their benefits. Individuals who meet these criteria would be prohibited from exercising their Second Amend-ment right to possess firearms. This rule is a slap in the face of those in the disabled community because it paints all those who suffer from mental disorders with the same broad brush. It assumes that simply because an indi-vidual suffers from a mental condition, that individual is unfit to exercise his or her Second Amendment rights. No data exists to support such an egre-gious assertion. In fact, studies show that those who suffer from mental dis-orders are more likely to be victims of crime rather than perpetrators of crime. Furthermore, there is a total absence of any meaningful due process protec-tions under the rule. Currently, citi-zens lose their right to possess a fire-arm when they have been convicted by a judge or jury of a felony or mis-demeanor crime of domestic violence, when they have been dishonorably dis-charged after given a hearing, or when they have been deemed a fugitive after being given an option to appear and avail themselves of their due process rights, among other reasons. b1345 All of these have one thing in com-mon: they all provide due process to the affected individual. Under the SSA rule, the affected party has no ability to defend himself or to even introduce evidence before the SSA denies his right to possess a firearm. Additionally, at no time dur-ing the process during which the SSA is seeking to deny someone his Second Amendment rights must the Social Se-curity Administration make a deter-mination that the individual poses a risk to himself or others. This is the standard that has long been used to de-termine if the right to possess a fire-arm should be prohibited. Some may point to the rule’s appeals process as providing a form of due proc-ess. However, the appeals process is se-verely flawed because it puts the bur-den on individuals to prove that restor-ing their Second Amendment rights would not pose a danger to public safe-ty or be contrary to the public inter-est. In every other instance in which someone is facing a loss of his ability to possess a firearm, the burden is on the government to prove that the indi-vidual should have his right taken away. Under this flawed system, the in-dividual bears the burden against the government. This is not what due proc-ess looks like. During debate on the rule for this joint resolution, I heard a number of reasons from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle as to why they opposed this joint resolution. Quite frankly, I am shocked at what little re-gard they have for the disabled commu-nity. The gentleman from Massachu-setts claimed that this joint resolution was done at the bidding of the National Rifle Association. Yes, the National Rifle Association does support H.J. Res. 40. However, what my colleague from Massachusetts failed to mention during the debate yesterday was who else supports the joint resolution. Supporters include the American As-sociation of People with Disabilities, the National Disability Rights Net-work, the Autistic Self Advocacy Net-work, the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, the Arc of the United States, the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities, the Disability Law Center of Alaska, the National Council on Independent Living, and the Na-tional Coalition for Mental Health Re-covery. Even the National Council on Disability—an independent Federal agency that makes recommendations to the President and Congress to en-hance the quality of life for all Ameri-cans with disabilities and their fami-lies—has called on Congress to utilize the Congressional Review Act in order to repeal this rule. It was also mentioned—and will, un-doubtedly, be mentioned here later today—that this rule received over 91,000 comments. What they didn’t tell you, and what I am guessing they won’t tell you today, is that the over-whelming majority of the comments opposed the rule. Opposition wasn’t based on small, technical issues. It was based on the fundamentally flawed con-cept of the rule. Many of the organiza-tions I mentioned earlier provided comments to the agency. Rather than listen to the organizations advocating for the rights of the disabled, the pre-vious administration decided to ignore them. I thank the gentleman from the State of Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ) for his hard work on this important issue that affects law-abiding citizens in every congressional district in Amer-ica. I ask my colleagues to support this resolution—to stand with the disabled community and to stand with the Con-stitution. Support H.J. Res. 40. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent to yield the control of the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ), the sponsor of this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 40, a measure that would vacate an impor-tant rule issued by the Social Security Administration to help reduce gun vio-lence. This resolution of disapproval is par-ticularly problematic because, pursu-ant to the Congressional Review Act, it would not only invalidate this rule but prohibit the agency from adopting sub-stantially the same rule in the future, even an improved version of the rule. How unusual. As we consider this resolution today, I ask my colleagues to consider, for just a moment, how we arrived at this point and, more precisely, what is at stake. In 1968, after a decade of assassina-tions and gun violence, Congress worked to pass the Gun Control Act. That law lists certain categories of in-dividuals who are prohibited from pur-chasing and possessing firearms, in-cluding felons, fugitives, those who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.031 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH896 February 2, 2017 
have renounced their citizenship, those who have been dishonorably dis-charged, and also those ‘‘adjudicated mentally defective.’’ Today, we don’t commonly use that outdated and un-fortunate terminology. Instead, we refer to the ‘‘Federal mental health prohibitor,’’ which remains an impor-tant—although challenging—feature of our Federal gun laws. Because it was common sense that we needed a system to help prevent guns from getting into the hands of those who were legally prohibited from possessing them, Congress took bipar-tisan action to enact the Brady Act in 1993. That statute established a Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System—some call it NICS—and it requires federally licensed gun deal-ers to conduct checks on prospective purchasers in order to verify that they are not prohibited on the basis of the statutory categories. Although unwisely limited only to sales conducted by licensed gun deal-ers, the NICS system is extremely ben-eficial as far as it goes. Critically, how-ever, this background check system is only as good as the completeness of the records it includes. This fact was trag-ically underscored in 2007, when a stu-dent on the campus of Virginia Tech shot and killed 32 people. The shooter had a mental health record that was serious enough that it should have been reported to the system, but it was not. As a result, Congress enacted the bi-partisan NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act that same year in order to provide incentives for States to do a better job of submitting disqualifying mental health records to the system. The law also requires Federal agencies to submit any such information that they have. While some States have done a great job of complying with the law, others have not, which remains a critical challenge. As we expect States to do more to comply, we must also en-sure Federal agencies are doing their part. The rule under consideration, which was finalized last December after an extensive rulemaking process that con-sidered more than 91,000 comments from the public, is intended to impact only a very narrow range of individuals whom the agency determines should be prohibited from possessing firearms under the statutory mental health prohibitor, which has been the law for decades. The rule applies only to those individuals who have a very severe, long-term mental disorder that makes them unable to do any kind of work in the American economy, including even part time or at very low wages. These individuals must have been de-termined through an evaluation of all of the evidence that they are not capa-ble of managing their own benefits and must be assigned a representative payee. This designation is given only after an individual is notified orally and in writing at the outset of the process that the gun eligibility deter-mination would be the result of the as-signment of a representative payee. After the determination is made, the affected individuals may appeal the de-cision to the agency and then, ulti-mately, to a Federal court. Of course, we must avoid taking ac-tions that would unfairly stigmatize individuals who suffer from mental ill-ness or a disability. This is true in many respects, but, with regard to issues of public safety, we must recog-nize that people who suffer from men-tal illness should not be assumed to be dangerous. In fact, they are much more likely to be victims of crime than to be perpetrators. With those consider-ations in mind, my colleagues, it can be difficult to apply the mental health prohibitor, but, still, we must apply and enforce the law. If I were proposing such a rule, I can-not say whether this process would be exactly what I would recommend. We have not held hearings on this issue, and we have not had the chance to ex-amine all appropriate considerations. I can say that the agency has under-taken a commendable effort in accord-ance with President Obama’s directive to ensure that the NICS background check system has the information that it believes, after a thorough rule-making process, corresponds to a long-standing category of firearms prohibi-tion. Accordingly, we should not com-pletely disregard the agency’s efforts, and I urge my colleagues to strenu-ously oppose H.J. Res. 40. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Former President Obama was never a champion of the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. He fought to deny Americans their constitutional rights throughout his whole 8 years in office. In fact, on his way out the door, former President Obama finalized a rule that discriminates against individ-uals with disabilities and that deprives law-abiding Americans of their Second Amendment rights. Under this rule, certain Social Security disability bene-ficiaries, who also need help, would be stripped of their Second Amendment rights. More specifically, their names would be reported to the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem. Mr. Speaker, just because someone has a disability does not mean he is a threat to society. Furthermore, need-ing help to manage your benefit does not make you dangerous; but you don’t have to take my word for it as the dis-ability community has also raised seri-ous concerns with regard to this rule. The National Council on Disability, which is the independent agency that is charged with advising Congress and the President on disability policy, said: ‘‘There is, simply put, no nexus be-tween the inability to manage money and the ability to safely and respon-sibly own, possess or use a firearm.’’ In addition, Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD many letters of support I have received for my bill from one of the disability community’s Second Amendment groups and civil rights groups and others. 
NATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY , Washington, DC, January 24, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  S
PEAKER RYAN: I write on behalf of the Na-tional Council on Disability (NCD) regarding the final rule the Social Security Adminis-tration (SSA) released on December 19th, 2016, implementing provisions of the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, 81 FR 91702. In accordance with our mandate to advise the President, Con-gress, and other federal agencies regarding policies, programs, practices, and procedures that affect people with disabilities, NCD sub-mitted comments to SSA on the proposed rule on June 30th, 2016. In our comments, we cautioned against implementation of the proposed rule because: ‘‘[t]here is, simply put, no nexus between the inability to manage money and the abil-ity to safely and responsibly own, possess or use a firearm. This arbitrary linkage not only unnecessarily and unreasonably de-prives individuals with disabilities of a con-stitutional right, it increases the stigma for those who, due to their disabilities, may need a representative payee[.]’’ Despite our objections and that of many other individuals and organizations received by SSA regarding the proposed rule, the final rule released in late December was largely unchanged. Because of the importance of the constitutional right at stake and the very real stigma that this rule legitimizes, NCD recommends that Congress consider utilizing the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to re-peal this rule. NCD is a nonpartisan, independent federal agency with no stated position with respect to gun-ownership or gun-control other than our long-held position that restrictions on gun possession or ownership based on psy-chiatric or intellectual disability must be based on a verifiable concern as to whether the individual poses a heightened risk of danger to themselves or others if they are in possession of a weapon. Additionally, it is critically important that any restriction on gun possession or ownership on this basis is imposed only after the individual has been afforded due process and given an oppor-tunity to respond to allegations that they are not able to safely possess or own a fire-arm due to his or her disability. NCD be-lieves that SSA’s final rule falls far short of meeting these criteria. Additionally, as NCD also cautioned SSA in our comments on the proposed rule, we have concerns regarding the ability of SSA to fairly and effectively implement this rule—assuming it would be possible to do so—given the long-standing issues SSA al-ready has regarding long delays in adjudica-tion and difficulty in providing consistent, prompt service to beneficiaries with respect to its core mission. This rule creates an en-tirely new function for an agency that has long noted that it has not been given suffi-cient resources to do the important work it is already charged with doing. With all due respect to SSA, our federal partner, this rule is simply a bridge too far. In fact, it is con-ceivable that attempts to implement this rule may strain the already scarce adminis-trative resources available to the agency, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.033 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H897 February 2, 2017 
further impairing its ability to carry out its core mission. The CRA is a powerful mechanism for con-trolling regulatory overreach, and NCD urges its use advisedly and cautiously. In this particular case, the potential for real harm to the constitutional rights of people with psychiatric and intellectual disabilities is grave as is the potential to undermine the essential mission of an agency that millions of people with and without disabilities rely upon to meet their basic needs. Therefore, in this instance, NCD feels that utilizing the CRA to repeal the final rule is not only war-ranted, but necessary. Regards, C
LYDE E. T ERRY , Chair. 
NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION  
OFAMERICA , Fairfax, VA. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House Minority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : I am writing on behalf of the Na-tional Rifle Association Institute for Legis-lative Action (NRA–ILA) to urge you to vote yes on H.J. Res. 40. This measure is a joint resolution to disapprove, under the Congres-sional Review Act, a Social Security Admin-istration (SSA) rule that would result in hundreds of thousands of law-abiding Ameri-cans permanently losing their Second Amendment rights. SSA claims its rule was mandated by the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (NIAA), as interpreted by the Obama admin-istration’s Department of Justice. The sup-posed intent of the rule is for SSA to iden-tify disability or Supplementary Security Income beneficiaries who qualify as prohib-ited ‘‘mental defectives’’ under the Gun Con-trol Act (GCA) and report them to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). NICS came online nearly 20 years ago, but at no point before this new regulation did SSA consider its own operations or decisions as somehow implicated by the prohibitions in the GCA. Clearly this was not provoked because of the NIAA or because of changes in the SSA’s own procedures, but because of the antigun politics of the Obama administra-tion. President Obama made clear that if Congress would not support his desire for in-creased gun control, he would act on his own. That’s why he issued this proposal in the final days of his administration. The SSA received over 91,000 comments in response to its proposed rule, the over-whelming majority of them in opposition. Comments submitted by NRA–ILA explained in detail how the rule misread the under-lying statutes; ignored binding case law; tar-geted harmless individuals who do not pose a risk of harm; violated due process; and hi-jacked the SSA’s legitimate functions for po-litical purposes. Our opposition was joined by mental health professionals and advocates for the mentally ill, who argued that the proposal was not supported by evidence or science; added to the stigma of mental illness; and created disincentives for mentally ill persons to seek help and benefits to which they are entitled. Reporting law-abiding, non-dangerous indi-viduals to NICS and forcing them, as a condi-tion of removal, to prove they are not a threat to society is inconsistent with the GCA, the Second Amendment and basic due process. For these reasons, the NRA strongly sup-ports H.J. Res. 40. Because of the importance of this issue to NRA members and gun own-ers throughout the country, votes on H.J. Res. 40 will be considered in future candidate evaluations and we will notify our members accordingly. Sincerely, CHRIS W. C OX. 
NATIONAL COALITION FOR  M
ENTAL HEALTH RECOVERY , Washington, DC, January 29, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : I write on behalf of the Na-tional Coalition for Mental Health Recovery (NCMHR) regarding the final rule the Social Security Administration (SSA) released on December 19th, 2016, implementing provi-sions of the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System (NICS) Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, 81 FR 91702. NCMHR submitted comments to SSA on the proposed rule in June 2016. In our com-ments, we cautioned against implementation of the proposed rule because there is no caus-al connection between the inability to man-age money and the ability to safely and re-sponsibly own, possess or use a firearm. This arbitrary linkage not only unnecessarily and unreasonably deprives individuals with dis-abilities of a constitutional right, it in-creases the stigma for those who, due to their disabilities, may need a representative payee. Despite our objections and that of many other individuals and organizations received by SSA regarding the proposed rule, the final rule released in late December was largely unchanged. Because of the importance of the constitutional right at stake and the very real stigma that this rule legitimizes, NCMHR recommends that Congress consider utilizing the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to repeal this rule. NCMHR is a nonpartisan, is a nonpartisan, nonprofit with no stated position with re-spect to gun-ownership or gun-control other than our long-held position that restrictions on gun possession or ownership based on psy-chiatric or intellectual disability must be based on a verifiable concern as to whether the individual poses a heightened risk of danger to themselves or others if they are in possession of a weapon. Additionally, it is critically important that any restriction on gun possession or ownership on this basis is imposed only after the individual has been afforded due process and given an oppor-tunity to respond to allegations that they are not able to safely possess or own a fire-arm due to his or her disability. NCMHR be-lieves that SSA’s final rule falls far short of meeting these criteria. The CRA is a powerful mechanism for con-trolling regulatory overreach, and NCMHR urges its use advisedly and cautiously. In this particular case, the potential for real harm to the constitutional rights of people with psychiatric and intellectual disabilities is grave as is the potential to undermine the essential mission of an agency that millions of people with and without disabilities rely upon to meet their basic needs. Therefore, in this instance, NCMHR feels that utilizing the CRA to repeal the final rule is not only warranted, but necessary. Sincerely, D
ANIEL B. F ISHER , M.D., Ph.D., Chair NCMHR. CONSORTIUM FOR  C
ITIZENS WITH DISABILITIES , Washington, DC, January 26, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The Co-Chairs of the Rights Task Force of the Consortium of Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) urge you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on De-cember 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the Social Se-curity Administration to forward the names of all Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a represent-ative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The Consortium for Citizens with Disabil-ities (CCD) is the largest coalition of na-tional organizations working together to ad-vocate for Federal public policy that ensures the self-determination, independence, em-powerment, integration and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of society. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, the CCD Rights Task Force conveyed its opposi-tion to the rule through a letter to the Obama Administration and through the pub-lic comment process. We—and many other members of CCD—opposed the rule for a number of reasons, including: The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections prior to the SSA’s transmittal of names to the NICS database. Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agen-cies to transmit the names of individuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the ca-pacity to manage their own affairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individ-uals are broadly unable to manage their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. On behalf of the CCD Rights Task Force, the undersigned Co-Chairs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.044 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH898 February 2, 2017 
DARABALDWIN , National Disability Rights Network. S
AMANTHA CRANE , Autistic Self-Advocacy Network. S
ANDY FINUCANE , Epilepsy Foundation, Law. J
ENNIFER MATHIS , Bazelon Center for Mental Health. M
ARKRICHERT , American Foundation for the Blind. 
AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, Washington, DC, February 1, 2017. Vote YES on the Resolution of Disapproval, H.J. Res. 40 (Social Security Administra-tion NICS Final Rule) Vote NO on the Resolution of Disapproval, H.J. Res. 37 (Federal Acquisition Regula-tion/Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces EO) D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES : On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), we urge members of the House of Representa-tives to support the resolution disapproving the final rule of the Social Security Admin-istration which implements the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System Improvement Amendment Acts of 2007. Additionally we urge members to oppose the resolution of disapproval of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration, and NASA relating to the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion that implement the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order 13673. 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (SSA) ’SI M-
PLEMENTATION OF THE NICS IMPROVEMENT  
AMENDMENT ACTS OF 2007 HARMS PEOPLE  
WITH DISABILITIES  In December 2016, the SSA promulgated a final rule that would require the names of all Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients—who, because of a mental impairment, use a representative payee to help manage their benefits—be submitted to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), which is used during gun purchases. We oppose this rule because it advances and reinforces the harmful stereotype that people with mental disabilities, a vast and diverse group of citizens, are violent. There is no data to support a connection between the need for a representative payee to man-age one’s Social Security disability benefits and a propensity toward gun violence. The rule further demonstrates the damaging phe-nomenon of ‘‘spread,’’ or the perception that a disabled individual with one area of im-pairment automatically has additional, neg-ative and unrelated attributes. Here, the rule automatically conflates one disability-re-lated characteristic, that is, difficulty man-aging money, with the inability to safely possess a firearm. The rule includes no meaningful due proc-ess protections prior to the SSA’s trans-mittal of names to the NICS database. The determination by SSA line staff that a bene-ficiary needs a representative payee to man-age their money benefit is simply not an ‘‘adjudication’’ in any ordinary meaning of the word. Nor is it a determination that the person ‘‘[l]acks the mental capacity to con-tract or manage his own affairs’’ as required by the NICS. Indeed, the law and the SSA clearly state that representative payees are appointed for many individuals who are le-gally competent. We recognize that enacting new regula-tions relating to firearms can raise difficult questions. The ACLU believes that the right to own and use guns is not absolute or free from government regulation, since firearms are inherently dangerous instrumentalities and their use, unlike other activities pro-tected by the Bill of Rights, can inflict seri-ous bodily injury or death. Therefore, fire-arms are subject to reasonable regulation in the interests of public safety, crime preven-tion, maintaining the peace, environmental protection, and public health. We do not op-pose regulation of firearms as long as it is reasonably related to these legitimate gov-ernment interests. At the same time, regulation of firearms and individual gun ownership or use must be consistent with civil liberties principles, such as due process, equal protection, free-dom from unlawful searches, and privacy. All individuals have the right to be judged on the basis of their individual capabilities, not the characteristics and capabilities that are sometimes attributed (often mistakenly) to any group or class to which they belong. A disability should not constitute grounds for the automatic per se denial of any right or privilege, including gun ownership. FAIR PAY AND SAFE WORKPLACES REGULATIONS  
ADVANCE WORKER SAFETY AND RIGHTS  The rules implementing the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order take an important step towards creating more equi-table and safe work conditions by ensuring that federal contractors provide workplaces that comply with federal labor and civil rights laws. Employers that have the privilege of doing business with the federal government must meet their legal obligations. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplace regulations are crucial because they help ensure that federal con-tractors behave responsibly and ethically with respect to labor standards and civil rights laws and that they are complying with federal labor and employment laws such as the Fair Labor Standards Act (which in-cludes the Equal Pay Act), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and their state law equivalents. The Executive Order also bans contractors from forcing employees to arbi-trate claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act as well as claims of sexual har-assment and sexual assault. Congress should stand with workers, in-crease the accountability of federal contrac-tors and oppose any attempts to undo the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces regulations. These rules will help ensure that the federal government does not contract with employ-ers that routinely violate workplace health and safety protections, engage in age, dis-ability, race, and sex discrimination, with-hold wages, or commit other labor viola-tions. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Vania Leveille, senior legislative counsel. Sincerely, F
AIZSHAKIR , Director, Washington Legislative Counsel. V
ANIA LEVEILLE , Senior Legislative Counsel, Wash-ington Legislative Office. 
THEJUDGE DAVID L. B AZELON CEN-
TER FOR MENTAL HEALTH LAW, Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The Bazelon Center for Men-tal Health Law urges you to support a Con-gressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the So-cial Security Administration (SSA) on De-cember 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ The Center is a national legal advo-cacy organization that protects and ad-vances the rights of adults and children with mental disabilities. This rule would require the Social Security Administration to forward the names of So-cial Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The rule is inconsistent with the statute it implements, has no evidentiary justification, would wrongly perpetuate inaccurate stereo-types of individuals with mental disabilities as dangerous, and would divert already too- scarce SSA resources away from efforts to address the agency’s longstanding backlog of unprocessed benefits applications toward a mission in which the agency has little exper-tise. First, there is no statutory basis for the rule. The National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System (NICS) statute author-izes the reporting of an individual to the NICS database on the basis of a determina-tion that the person ‘‘lacks the capacity to contract or manage his own affairs’’ as a re-sult of ‘‘marked subnormal intelligence, or mental illness, incompetency condition or disease.’’ The appointment of a representa-tive payee simply does not meet this stand-ard. It indicates only that the individual needs help managing benefits received from SSA. Second, the rule puts in place an ineffec-tive strategy to address gun violence, devoid of any evidentiary basis, targeting individ-uals with representative payees and mental impairments as potential perpetrators of gun violence. In doing so, it also creates a false sense that meaningful action has been taken to address gun violence and detracts from potential prevention efforts targeting actual risks for gun violence. Third, the rule perpetuates the prevalent false association of mental disabilities with violence and undermines important efforts to promote community integration and em-ployment of people with disabilities. The rule may also dissuade people with mental impairments from seeking appropriate treat-ment or services, or from applying for finan-cial and medical assistance programs. Finally, the rule creates enormous new burdens on SSA without providing any addi-tional resources. Implementation of the rule will divert scarce resources away from the core work of the SSA at a time when the agency is struggling to overcome record backlogs and prospective beneficiaries are waiting for months and years for determina-tions of their benefits eligibility. Moreover, SSA lacks the expertise to make the deter-minations about safety that it would be called upon to make as part of the relief process established by the rule. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and prevent the damage that it inflicts on the disability community. Sincerely, JENNIFER MATHIS , Director of Policy and Legal Advocacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.046 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H899 February 2, 2017 
b1400 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we need to put a stop to this rule now. That is why I introduced H.J. Res. 40, along with Congressman A
BRA-
HAM, to overturn this rule and make sure the constitutional rights of indi-viduals with disabilities are protected. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 40. This resolution undermines our NICS background check system. I am a gun owner and a strong sup-porter of the Second Amendment, but this isn’t about denying people the right to own a gun. It is about uphold-ing the law, and the law is very clear on who should be reported to the NICS system. The law was passed more than a dec-ade ago to keep guns out of the hands of people who can’t responsibly own them. These are not people just having a bad day. These are not people simply suffering from depression or anxiety or agoraphobics. These are people with a severe mental illness who can’t hold any kind of job or make any decisions about their affairs. So the law says very clearly that they shouldn’t have a firearm. The Supreme Court in the Heller de-cision recognized that the Second Amendment grants Americans the right to own firearms, but they also stated that reasonable restrictions to that right can apply, such as when a person is diagnosed with a severe men-tal illness. The Social Security Administration is simply obeying the law. So what exactly is the objection here? Passage of this resolution puts Amer-icans at risk. It would prevent the So-cial Security Administration from re-porting the names of those who should not have a gun and prohibit that in-definitely. If there are concerns about the rules, let’s revise it. But the CRA process is not a revision. It would ban Social Se-curity from even amending their rule. This is a dangerous overstep, and I urge Members to consider the safety of our districts. No one wants another Virginia Tech. No one wants another Newtown. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to introduce this resolution with my good friend, Representative S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, one of the greatest patriots I have had the honor to come in contact with and a lifelong defender of our freedoms in America. This resolution can be boiled down to one point: no bureaucrat should be able to deny an American his or her con-stitutional rights just because someone else handles their finances. In the midnight hour of President Obama’s last days in office, the Social Security Administration finalized a rule that would allow it to send the name of any beneficiary to the FBI’s criminal background check system if they are assigned a representative payee due to mental impairment. Allowing bureaucrats at the Social Security Administration to determine whether or not a beneficiary is fit to exercise their Second Amendment rights is a clear violation of due proc-ess that every American is afforded. When this awful rule was proposed in 2015, both Representative SAMJOHNSON  of Texas and I introduced legislation to prevent the Social Security Adminis-tration from carrying it out. With the introduction of this joint resolution, I am pleased that Congress and the President will now have the oppor-tunity to review and to reverse this terrible rule. That is why I strongly urge my col-leagues, in both the House and the Sen-ate, to pass this resolution and keep the government bureaucracies from putting themselves before the Con-stitution. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, at a time here in America when mass shoot-ings have become all too frequent, at a time when bullets literally rip apart human bodies and human families and cause so much pain, at a time when ef-fective groups like Moms Demand Ac-tion for Gun Sense and Texas Gun Sense and the P.E.A.C.E. Initiative are asking this Congress to act to reduce gun violence, this Congress has com-mitted itself to doing absolutely noth-ing about that violence. If you are on the terrorist watch list and you cannot fly, not to worry about buying a gun. It’s ‘‘No fly,’’ but you can still buy. Today we are told the problem isn’t that there are too many guns out there causing too much harm to American families. There are not enough. A group is being left out, omitted from access to guns. There are a group of Americans, who either from birth or by contracting some mental disability later in life, have a mental impairment that is so significant that we ask taxpayers across America to provide them sup-port through the Social Security dis-ability system. They are declared to be disabled. And within that group that is tax-payer funded, there is a much smaller group whose disability is so severe that they can’t handle their own affairs. They can’t receive a check. But these folks say don’t worry that you can’t place a check in their hand and you have to give it to someone else, it is okay to put a gun in their hands. That is what this proposal does. Now, we have, as they have failed to point out, a system in place at the Vet-erans’ Administration so that if some-one is a veteran and they are disabled, there is a process by which they are in-cluded within this system. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, but these folks, instead of reaching out to do something about gun violence in America, propose to make them more accessible to individuals that are so impaired they cannot take care of themselves in many ways and cannot even accept a check and are saying: Give them a gun. There are already safeguards in this Rule. Someone can appeal being listed and say: You know, I can’t accept a check, but I do have the ability to own a gun. And they can do that through the Social Security Administration, as soon as they see their name on the list. Or if they are denied a purchase at a later time and they are someone who doesn’t belong on this list, there is a way for them to get off the list. In short, there is due process to en-sure they are not unfairly denied gun access. But the American people and the families that are being hurt day after day by gun violence, they deserve some due process, too. Let’s uphold this Rule and reject this giant step backward that will only produce more gun violence and more families torn asunder. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of this reso-lution to repeal a rule which would ar-bitrarily revoke the Second Amend-ment rights of certain Social Security beneficiaries. The inability to manage one’s Social Security benefits does not correlate with the capacity to judi-ciously use firearms. By adding Social Security bene-ficiaries to the NICS list with no judi-cial review and forcing them to go through an appeals process to be re-moved, this rule would also violate the due process rights of these Americans. I would also like to focus on the com-ponent of this rule which would inhibit the ability of Social Security disability beneficiaries to be approved by the Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to work with or around cer-tain materials. Mr. Speaker, there is bipartisan agreement we should be investing in and rebuilding our infrastructure. There is also bipartisan agreement we should be empowering people receiving benefits, like disability insurance, to return to work if they are able to do so. However, this rule will create a new barrier for beneficiaries seeking to re-turn to work in industries like con-struction by forcing them to navigate a complex appeals process before they can be reemployed. Let me say again, if we do nothing about this rule, it will prevent law- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.037 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH900 February 2, 2017 
abiding Americans who are able to do so from getting off the disability rolls and returning to work. We can work together on construc-tive ways to prevent those who would do us harm from having access to fire-arms and explosives. This rule is not the way to do so. I urge support for the resolution. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ). Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 40 with a message, and that is: Do not repeal this rule. The Social Security Administration rule is intended to promote and to pre-serve the integrity of gun ownership in America. I have heard it said by gun owner ad-vocates that a steady hand is the best gun control. I believe that, but a steady hand requires a rationale mind. The Social Security Administration rule that my colleagues on the other side want to eliminate is written care-fully and narrowly, affecting a very small group of people with a very se-vere, long-term mental disorder that makes them unable to do any kind of work in the U.S. economy, even part- time or with very low wages and, also, people not mentally capable of man-aging their own benefits. The Social Security Administration rule ensures that individuals, who are already prohibited from having guns under existing Federal law, have their names included on the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem. Mr. Speaker, 93 percent of Americans support background checks and believe that systems should be in place to en-sure that guns are not in the hands of individuals who have been determined already by Federal law to be unable to use them safely. I urge my colleagues to reject H.J. Res. 40. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ). Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
AMJOHNSON of Texas for his work on this important resolution and his many years of service to our country. Mr. Speaker, in the final weeks of President Obama’s final term, the So-cial Security Administration finalized a rule that flat out discriminates against millions of individuals with disabilities by denying them their Sec-ond Amendment rights. But it gets worse. Not only does the rule place these innocent individuals’ names in the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System, it does so in a way that strips them of their due process. Specifically, it would sub-ject these people to a very timely ap-peals process requiring them to prove their own innocence before their name could be removed. In other words, this rule turns due process on its head by shifting the bur-den of proof from the government to the individual to ensure their constitu-tional right is not stripped away. Moreover, as a member of the Social Security subcommittee, I am very con-cerned that this rule falls way outside the bounds of the Social Security Ad-ministration’s mission. Instead of using the Social Security administra-tor’s field office staff to help Ohioans manage and understand their benefits, this rule diverts resources away from that core mission toward one that is constitutionally suspect. That is why I am proud to be an original cosponsor of Chairman SAM J
OHNSON of Texas’ resolution that pro-tects Americans’ Second Amendment rights and protects Americans with disabilities, their constitutional right, to due process under the law. I urge my colleagues to support this joint resolution of disapproval. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Members of the House, we have some organizational support for opposing this resolution. The first is the AFL– CIO, one of our largest unions in the country. The second is the Consumer Federation of America, and then there is this great organization, Everytown for Gun Safety across the country. In addition, the Americans for Re-sponsible Solutions organization is op-posed to H.J. Res. 40. Finally, the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence is also opposed to this measure, as is the Consumer Federation of America. b1415 If Members believe this rule needs further refinement or that it does not afford adequate due process, then we should have the conversation with an eye toward improving the rule, but that is not what has been done. Unfor-tunately, this is what we are not dis-cussing today. Instead, H.J. Res. 40 would invalidate all aspects of this rule and prohibit the agency from adopting substantially the same rule. We should not summarily dismiss this rule, which would undermine the effort to make the NICS more effec-tive. If H.J. Res. 40 passes Congress and is signed into law, some individuals will be able to pass firearm background checks solely because Congress pre-vented relevant records from being sub-mitted to the system. The Social Security Administration’s rule is about making Americans safer from the scourge of gun violence and, unfortunately, believe me, H.J. Res. 40 would do the opposite. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 40. As part of our bold agenda for the American people, we are reining in the out-of-control bureaucracy in Wash-ington. We are taking action to roll back 8 years of Obama administration overreach. Today we are stopping an egregious violation that flies in the face of the Constitution. This regulation, finalized in the final days of the Obama Presi-dency, would deny certain Social Secu-rity recipients their Second Amend-ment rights without due process. If you receive Social Security dis-ability payments and someone helps you manage those payments, this regu-lation stops you from being able to purchase a firearm, your name gets added to a Federal database, and the burden is on you to prove it doesn’t be-long there. This is absolutely out-rageous. This regulation discriminates against individuals with disabilities by denying them their Second Amendment rights and violating their rights of due proc-ess. And it gives far too much power to bureaucrats at the Social Security Ad-ministration, who should be focused on making sure people get the benefits they deserve, not deciding who can own a gun. This is why we are standing up for the Second Amendment rights of all disabled citizens. Being disabled doesn’t make you a danger to society, and getting help managing your bene-fits doesn’t mean you forfeit your con-stitutional rights. Mr. Speaker, I want to absolutely thank Congressman SAMJOHNSON and Congressman R
ALPH ABRAHAM for their leadership on this issue. I strongly sup-port this resolution, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  additional letters of support. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COUNTY  B
EHAVIORAL HEALTH & D EVELOP -
MENT DISABILITY DIRECTORS , Washington, DC, February 1, 2017. Re NACBHDD and NARMH Letter of Support for the CRA on the SSA NICS Rule. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : NACBHDD and NARMH urge you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Adminis-tration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Imple-mentation of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007. This rule would require the Social Security Administration to for-ward the names of all Social Security Dis-ability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). NACBHDD is a national organization that represents county mental health, substance use, and developmental; disability directors in Washington, DC. NARMH represents rural mental health in the Capital. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, NACBHDD and NARMH conveyed our opposi-tion to the rule through a letter to the Obama Administration and through the pub-lic comment process. We join many of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.038 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H901 February 2, 2017 
mental health coalition members and advo-cates who—opposed the rule for a number of reasons, including: The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections prior to the SSA’s transmittal of names to the NICS database. Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agen-cies to transmit the names of individuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the ca-pacity to manage their own affairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individ-uals are broadly unable to manage their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. Sincerely yours, R
ONMANDERSCHEID , PHD, Executive Director. 
NATIONAL ALLIANCE  
ONMENTAL ILLNESS , Arlington, VA, January 31, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) writes to urge you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementa-tion of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the So-cial Security Administration to forward the names of all Social Security and Supple-mental Security Income (SSI) disability beneficiaries who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits, and who have been found eligible by meeting or equaling an SSA mental impairment listing, to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). NAMI is the nation’s largest grassroots mental health organization dedicated to building better lives for the millions of Americans affected by mental illness, with more than 1,100 state and local affiliates na-tionwide. NAMI recognizes and supports the need to prioritize reducing gun violence in the U.S. However, we are gravely concerned that the rule, as adopted, perpetuates un-founded stereotypes about people with men-tal illness and other mental disabilities that have no basis in fact. Moreover, we believe that the rule may have unintended negative consequences, including deterring individ-uals from seeking or receiving help when they need it. Our specific concerns about the rule are the following: There is no evidence supporting the propo-sition that people who are assigned Rep-resentative Payees on the basis of mental ill-ness or other mental disabilities pose in-creased risks for gun violence or threats to public safety; Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agencies to transmit the names of individuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the capacity to manage their own af-fairs, the assignment of a Representative Payee to a recipient of Supplemental Secu-rity Income (SSI) or Social Security Dis-ability Insurance (SSDI) is not equivalent to an adjudication. Rather, it is a unilateral de-termination by the SSA that a person may need help in managing his or her benefits. There is no hearing, the beneficiary is af-forded no oppornmity to testify or provide evidence why he or she should not be as-signed a Representative Payee, and there are no other due process protections typically associated with formal adjudications. The new rule reinforces unfounded percep-tions associating mental illness and other mental disabilities with violence. Scientific studies that have assessed risk factors for vi-olence contain no evidence linking difficul-ties with managing benefits with increased risks for violence. SSI and SSDI provide vital links to med-ical benefits for people with mental illness. The rule may deter individuals from apply-ing for these benefits for fear that their names will be added to a public database maintained by the FBI. Without such bene-fits, access to mental health treatment and services will be impeded. Mr. Speaker and Madam Leader, NAMI as-serts that the adoption of this misguided rule in the aftermath of Congressional adop-tion of a comprehensive bill to improve men-tal health care in America is exactly the wrong step to take. We therefore urge Con-gress to act, through the CRA process, to dis-approve this new rule and prevent the dam-age it inflicts on people with mental illness and other disabilities. Thank you for your prompt attention to these concerns. Sincerely, MARYGILIBERTI , J.D., Chief Executive Officer. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR RIGHTS  P
ROTECTION AND ADVOCACY , Huntsville, LA, January 31, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Senate Minority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : The National Association of Rights Protection and Advo-cacy (NARPA) urges you to support a Con-gressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the So-cial Security Administration (SSA) on De-cember 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ NARPA was formed in 1981 to provide education and advocacy in the mental health arena. Members are attorneys, people with psychiatric histories, mental health profes-sionals and administrators, academics, and non-legal advocates. Central to NARPA’s mission is the promotion of those policies and strategies that represent the preferred options of people who have been diagnosed with psychiatric disabilities. This rule requires the Social Security Ad-ministration to forward the names of Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The rule is inconsistent with the statute it imple-ments, has no evidentiary justification, would wrongly perpetuate inaccurate stereo-types of individuals with mental disabilities as dangerous, and would divert already too- scarce SSA resources away from efforts to address the agency’s longstanding backlog of unprocessed benefits applications toward a mission in which the agency has little exper-tise. First, there is no statutory basis for the rule. The National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System (NICS) statute author-izes the reporting of an individual to the NICS database on the basis of a determina-tion that the person ‘‘lacks the capacity to contract or manage his own affairs’’ as a re-sult of ‘‘marked subnormal intelligence, or mental illness, incompetency condition or disease.’’ The appointment of a representa-tive payee simply does not meet this stand-ard. It indicates only that the individual needs help managing benefits received from SSA. Second, the rule puts in place an ineffec-tive strategy to address gun violence, devoid of any evidentiary basis, targeting individ-uals with representative payees and mental impairments as potential perpetrators of gun violence. In doing so, it also creates a false sense that meaningful action has been taken to address gun violence and detracts from potential prevention efforts targeting actual risks for gun violence. Third, the rule perpetuates the prevalent false association of mental disabilities with violence and undermines important efforts to promote community integration and em-ployment of people with disabilities. The rule may also dissuade people with mental impairments from seeking appropriate treat-ment or services, or from applying for finan-cial and medical assistance programs. Finally, the rule creates enormous new burdens on SSA without providing any addi-tional resources. Implementation of the rule will divert scarce resources away from the core work of the SSA at a time when the agency is struggling to overcome record backlogs and prospective beneficiaries are waiting for months and years for determina-tions of their benefits eligibility. Moreover, SSA lacks the expertise to make the deter-minations about safety that it would be called upon to make as part of the relief process established by the rule. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and prevent the damage that it inflicts on the disability community. Sincerely, A
NNRIDER, President. 
NATIONAL COUNCIL  
ONINDEPENDENT LIVING , Rochester, New York, January 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The National Council on Independent Living (NCIL) urges you to sup-port a Congressional Review Act (CRA) reso-lution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.032 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH902 February 2, 2017 
the Social Security Administration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the Social Se-curity Administration to forward the names of all Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a represent-ative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). NCIL represents people with disabilities, Centers for Independent Living (CILs), Statewide Independent Living Councils (SILCs), and other organizations that advo-cate for the human and civil rights of people with disabilities throughout the country. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, NCIL joined the CCD Rights Task Force to convey its opposition to the rule through a letter to the Obama Administration and through the public comment process. We— and many other members of CCD—opposed the rule for a number of reasons, including: The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections prior to the SSA’s transmittal of names to the NICS database. Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agen-cies to transmit the names of individuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the ca-pacity to manage their own affairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individ-uals are broadly unable to manage their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. We look forward to an opportunity to speak with you and your staff about our con-cerns. Respectfully, K
ELLY BUCKLAND , Executive Director. 
JANUARY 31, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The National Disability Leadership Alliance (NDLA) urges you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementa-tion of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the So-cial Security Administration to forward the names of all Social Security Disability In-surance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). NDLA is a national cross-disability coali-tion that represents the authentic voice of people with disabilities. NDLA is led by 14 national organizations run by people with disabilities with identifiable grassroots con-stituencies around the country. The NDLA steering committee includes: ADAPT, the American Association of People with Dis-abilities, the American Council of the Blind, the Association of Programs for Rural Inde-pendent Living, the Autistic Self Advocacy Network, the Hearing Loss Association of America, Little People of America, the Na-tional Association of the Deaf, the National Coalition for Mental Health Recovery, the National Council on Independent Living, the National Federation of the Blind, the Na-tional Organization of Nurses with Disabil-ities, Not Dead Yet, Self Advocates Becom-ing Empowered, and the United Spinal Asso-ciation. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, NDLA conveyed its opposition to the rule through letters to Vice President Biden, to President Obama, and to Congress. NDLA members also raised concerns through let-ters to the Obama Administration and through the public comment process. We— and many other disability rights organiza-tions—opposed the rule for a number of rea-sons, including: The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections prior to the SSA’s transmittal of names to the NICS database. Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agen-cies to transmit the names of individuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the ca-pacity to manage their own affairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individ-uals are broadly unable to manage their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. Sincerely, ADAPT, American Association of People with Disabilities, Association of Programs for Rural Independent Living (APRIL), Au-tistic Self Advocacy Network, Little People of America, National Association of the Deaf, National Coalition for Mental Health Recovery, National Council on Independent Living, National Organization of Nurses with Disabilities, Not Dead Yet. NATIONAL DISABILITY  R
IGHTS NETWORK , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Re National Disability Rights Network let-ter of support for Use of Congressional Review Act on the Social Security Ad-ministration NICS Rule. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The National Disability Rights Network (NDRN) urges you to sup-port a Congressional Review Act (CRA) reso-lution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration on De-cember 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the Social Se-curity Administration (SSA) to forward the names of all Social Security Disability In-surance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). NDRN is the nonprofit membership organi-zation for the federally mandated Protection and Advocacy (P&A) and Client Assistance Program (CAP) agencies for individuals with disabilities. Collectively, the P&A/CAP Net-work is the largest provider of legally based advocacy services to people with disabilities in the United States. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, NDRN joined the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) Rights Task Force conveying its opposition to the rule through a letter to the Obama Administration and through the public comment process. We— and many other members of CCD—opposed the rule for a number of reasons, including: The damaging message that would be sent by a SSA policy change, which focuses on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s SSDI benefits and a propensity toward gun vio-lence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections prior to the SSA’s transmittal of names to the NICS database. Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agen-cies to transmit the names of individuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the ca-pacity to manage their own affairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individ-uals are broadly unable to manage their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this rule and prevent the damage that it may cause on the dis-ability community. We look forward to an opportunity to speak with you and your staff about our con-cerns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.033 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H903 February 2, 2017 
Sincerely, C
URTDECKER , Executive Director. 
NEWYORK ASSOCIATION OF PSY-
CHIATRIC REHABILITATION SERV-
ICES, INC., Albany, NY, January 31, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : On behalf of thousands of New Yorkers with psychiatric disabilities, the New York Association of Psychiatric Re-habilitation Services (NYAPRS) urges you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementa-tion of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ By way of reference, NYAPRS is a 36 year old statewide coalition that has brought to-gether New Yorkers with psychiatric disabil-ities and community recovery providers to advance policies, programs and social condi-tions that advance recovery, rehabilitation, rights and community inclusion. This rule would require the Social Security Administration to forward the names of So-cial Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The rule is inconsistent with the statute it implements, has no evidentiary justification, would wrongly perpetuate inaccurate stereo-types of individuals with mental disabilities as dangerous, and would divert already too- scarce SSA resources away from efforts to address the agency’s longstanding backlog of unprocessed benefits applications toward a mission in which the agency has little exper-tise. First, there is no statutory basis for the rule. The National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System (NICS) statute author-izes the reporting of an individual to the NICS database on the basis of a determina-tion that the person ‘‘lacks the capacity to contract or manage his own affairs’’ as a re-sult of ‘‘marked subnormal intelligence, or mental illness, incompetency condition or disease.’’ The appointment of a representa-tive payee simply does not meet this stand-ard. It indicates only that the individual needs help managing benefits received from SSA. Second, the rule puts in place an inef-fective strategy to address gun violence, de-void of any evidentiary basis, targeting indi-viduals with representative payees and men-tal impairments as potential perpetrators of gun violence. In doing so, it also creates a false sense that meaningful action has been taken to address gun violence and detracts from potential prevention efforts targeting actual risks for gun violence. Third, the rule perpetuates the prevalent false association of mental disabilities with violence and undermines important efforts to promote community integration and em-ployment of people with disabilities. The rule may also dissuade people with mental impairments from seeking appropriate treat-ment or services, or from applying for finan-cial and medical assistance programs. Finally, the rule creates enormous new burdens on SSA without providing any addi-tional resources. Implementation of the rule will divert scarce resources away from the core work of the SSA at a time when the agency is struggling to overcome record backlogs and prospective beneficiaries are waiting for months and years for determina-tions of their benefits eligibility. Moreover, SSA lacks the expertise to make the deter-minations about safety that it would be called upon to make as part of the relief process established by the rule. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and prevent the damage that it inflicts on the disability community. Please feel free to contact me at any time. Sincerely, H
ARVEY ROSENTHAL , Executive Director. 
SAFARI CLUBINTERNATIONAL , Washington, DC, January 31, 2017. Re Safari Club International Support for House Joint Resolution 40. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House Minority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : Safari Club International (Safari Club) supports House Joint Resolution 40, which provides for Congressional disapproval under the Congressional Review Act of the final rule submitted by the Social Security Administration (SSA) relating to ‘‘Imple-mentation of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007,’’ adopted on December 19, 2016, 81 Fed. Reg. 91702. Safari Club seeks Congressional dis-approval of the rule for several reasons. It deprives an individual of the ability to re-ceive or possess a firearm, including for rec-reational hunting, due to that individual’s inability to manage his or her financial af-fairs (Firearms Rule). Under the Firearms Rule, the prohibition would apply when the SSA designates a representative payee be-cause of the individual’s mental impairment. A mental impairment that makes an indi-vidual incapable of handling his/her financial affairs does not necessarily equate to an in-ability to properly abide by the law in the use of firearms. The Firearms Rule unfairly attributes illegal conduct to law abiding citizens. In addition, the Firearms Rule fails in its attempt to rectify its unfair treatment of in-dividuals with mental impairments through its program for individuals to request relief from Federal Firearms prohibitions. This program places on the individual with a mental impairment the costly and burden-some task of collecting and presenting data to overcome the presumption that he or she is incapable of abiding by the law. This pro-gram forces upon law-abiding citizens the task of confronting a federal bureaucracy just to prove that they should not be un-fairly treated as a criminal due to a mental impairment. For these reasons, Safari Club supports a joint resolution stating ‘‘that Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Imple-mentation of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007, and such rule shall have no force or effect.’’ Sincerely, L
ARRY HIGGINS , President, Safari Club International. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, the regulatory state in America is alive and well. I wish I could say as much for our economy and our personal free-doms, but I believe that that is about to change thanks in large part to the recent Presidential election. Over the last 8 years, we have re-placed a free enterprise system with a regulatory bureaucracy that has crushed our economy, stifled our inno-vation, and quashed the great Amer-ican spirit. America has never seen such an on-slaught of abusive and burdensome ac-tions from the fourth branch of govern-ment. The cumulative cost of regula-tions on our American economy is al-most $2 trillion. It costs almost $60 bil-lion just to enforce all the regulations on the books. Let me give you, though, an example of a regulation that is far worse in its effects than just simply economic bur-den or burden on our people. Today, I stand with my friend and great American hero, S
AMJOHNSON , in strong support of H.J. Res. 40 to strike down the Obama administration’s last- ditch effort to infringe upon our Sec-ond Amendment rights. In the 11th hour, the Obama administration quiet-ly sneaked in a rule that threatens to deny certain Social Security bene-ficiaries their right to purchase a fire-arm. Federal law makes it a crime al-ready to possess a firearm if an indi-vidual has been adjudicated as a men-tal defective or has been committed to a mental institution. This midnight rule designates Social Security bene-ficiaries as having a mental impair-ment simply because they ask someone to manage their finances. Just because an elderly or disabled individual chooses to delegate their fi-nancial responsibilities to another does not make them mentally incompetent, nor does it waive their right to due process. Many people, even in this Chamber, are designated to manage the finances of their parents on Social Se-curity, and they do so because their parents may prefer not to deal with the complexities of our current financial environment. Not only would this proposed rule be a continuation of the Obama adminis-tration’s regulatory fiat, it would be ir-responsible and dangerous and a breach of one of our fundamental rights. We cannot allow the Federal Government to haphazardly restrict our freedoms and the freedoms of over 4 million law- abiding Americans who would other-wise be responsible gun owners. In fact, they are some of the most vulnerable Americans who need to be able to pro-tect themselves. As noted by the Founders and in the plain language of our Constitution, the Federal Government shall not infringe upon our right to keep and bear arms. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.034 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH904 February 2, 2017 
and I would like to emphasize several points additionally. The degree of impairment required for reporting to the NICS is extremely high, to the extent that someone is not capable of working at any job in the economy, no matter how basic. Some-one receiving Social Security benefits as a retiree, even if they have mental impairment and have been assigned a representative payee, would not meet the criteria for reporting to the NICS because they are not receiving benefits because of disability. Further, the rule went into effect in January, but compliance is not re-quired until December of this year. This would only impact claims going forward and will not involve retro-actively assessing individuals already receiving Social Security disability payments based on mental impairment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman J
OHNSON for standing up and defending our Nation’s Constitution again, not just in his service to our country during the Vietnam era, but here in Congress and his many years here. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation. As a tireless advocate for the protection of our Second Amend-ment rights, I am disappointed, but not surprised, in the Obama administra-tion’s attempt to impair Americans’ right to own firearms, by fiat, in its last days of existence. It is unconscion-able and unthinkable that a President would do that to the citizens of this country. This rule claims to strengthen the National Instant Criminal Background Check but, in reality, acted as a gun grab on individuals who receive dis-ability insurance benefits or Supple-mental Security Income payments. Participants in those programs should not be forced to worry that, in order to receive government assistance, they must sacrifice their constitutional lib-erty at the random whim of a govern-ment bureaucrat. The Second Amend-ment to our Constitution states very clearly that the right to keep and bear arms ‘‘shall not be infringed,’’ and Con-gress cannot stand by and allow unac-countable rulemaking from a previous administration to infringe on that right. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. J
UDYCHU), my colleague, a member of the Judiciary Committee. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this use of the Congressional Review Act to repeal the Social Security Ad-ministration’s rule strengthening the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. The rule in question implements already-existing law to es-tablish a commonsense streamlining of information which will help improve our background check system for gun purchases. It is important to note that individ-uals with disabilities are actually more likely to be victims than perpetrators of gun violence, which is why I support more far-reaching gun safety measures like universal background checks and a ban on the most dangerous weapons. However, when there have been in-stances of mass shootings committed by those with a history of mental health issues, top Republicans, includ-ing Speaker RYAN, have stood on this very floor to say that they believe we should focus on mental health issues. Well, this is their chance to prove that those were not just empty words; but, instead, they are showing their true loyalties and again resisting any at-tempt to strengthen basic safeguards to ensure responsible gun ownership. This is a commonsense regulation that sets a high bar for referring names to the background check system. No one’s rights are unduly restricted. An appeals process has been built in to af-ford due process. So it is clear that my Republican colleagues concerns’ are not about safety, but about maxi-mizing profits for gun manufacturers, even if it costs the lives of fellow Americans. And worse, they are using the re-strictive Congressional Review Act to do so. This will not only make it easier for even those with severe mental health issues to buy a gun, but it will also take the option for writing similar rules off the table forever, tying the hands of all future administrations. This is reckless. Gun deaths are a daily scourge in our country, and it is up to us to do whatever we can to miti-gate the risk of the dangerous weapons in the wrong hands. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this resolu-tion. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Members of the House, this is a very serious matter. This rule, and I have to emphasize this, does not run afoul of the Second Amendment. You can op-pose this—well, let’s put it like this: The Heller Court, in the Supreme Court case, said that ‘‘nothing in the Court’s opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill.’’ I emphasize ‘‘and the mentally ill.’’ And it is in that sense that I join with the AFL–CIO, Consumer Federa-tion of America, Everytown for Gun Safety, Americans for Responsible So-lutions, the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence, and many thoughtful citizens who support the Second Amendment in opposing the measure that is on the floor now. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This is about constitutional rights of individuals with disabilities. Just be-cause someone has a disability does not mean they are a threat to society. Fur-thermore, needing help to manage your benefits does not make you dangerous. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  additional letters of support. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF  P
EOPLE WITH DISABILITIES , Washington, DC, January 26, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD) urges you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementa-tion of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the So-cial Security Administration to forward the names of all Social Security Disability In-surance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). AAPD is a national disability rights orga-nization that works to improve the lives of people with disabilities by acting as a con-vener, connector, and catalyst for change, increasing the economic and political power of people with disabilities. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, AAPD conveyed its opposition to the rule to the Obama Administration. We, and many other disability rights organizations, op-posed the rule for a number of reasons, in-cluding: 1) The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. 2) The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. 3) The absence of any meaningful due proc-ess protections prior to the SSA’s trans-mittal of names to the NICS database. Al-though the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agencies to transmit the names of in-dividuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the capacity to manage their own af-fairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individuals are broadly unable to man-age their own affairs. AAPD urges Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule to prevent the damage that it inflicts on the disability community and the extraor-dinarily damaging message it sends to soci-ety that people with mental impairments could should be feared and shunned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.040 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H905 February 2, 2017 
Thank you for taking our position into consideration. Yours truly, H
ELENA R. B ERGER , President & CEO. 
ADAPT, Rochester, NY, January 31, 2017. ADAPT urges you to support a Congres-sional Review Act (CRA) resolution to dis-approve the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the Social Security Ad-ministration to forward the names of all So-cial Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). ADAPT is a national grass-roots commu-nity that organizes disability rights activists to engage in nonviolent direct action, in-cluding civil disobedience, to assure the civil and human rights of people with disabilities to live in freedom. We oppose the rule for a number of rea-sons, including: 1) The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. 2) The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. 3) The absence of any meaningful due proc-ess protections prior to the SSA’s trans-mittal of names to the NICS database. Al-though the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agencies to transmit the names of in-dividuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the capacity to manage their own af-fairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individuals are broadly unable to man-age their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, have urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. We look forward to an opportunity to speak with you and your staff about our con-cerns. Sincerely, B
RUCE DARLING , National Organizer. ASSOCIATION OF MATURE  A
MERICAN CITIZENS , February 1, 2017. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , U.S. Senator, Iowa, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ALPH ABRAHAM , 5th District, Louisiana, Washington, DC. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, Social Security Subcommittee, House Committee on Ways and Means, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARSENATOR GRASSLEY , CHAIRMAN JOHN-
SON, AND CONGRESSMAN ABRAHAM : On behalf of the 1.3 million members of AMAC, the As-sociation of Mature American Citizens, I am writing in support of the Joint Resolution to protect certain Americans’ Second Amend-ment rights, H.J. Res. 40. Using the Congres-sional Review Act, this Joint Resolution is meant to undo a Social Security Administra-tion (SSA) regulation that would deprive thousands of Americans who are disabled and who utilize a ‘‘representative payee’’ in order to acquire their benefits of their ability to purchase a firearm. This regulation is both unnecessary and unfair to thousands of law- abiding seniors and citizens who wish to ex-ercise their basic Second Amendment rights. In December 2016, SSA finalized a rule pro-viding that any American receiving dis-ability benefits due to a ‘‘mental disability’’ and who are also receiving assistance in managing their benefits should be labeled ‘‘mentally defective.’’ As a result, those who are inappropriately labeled as ‘‘mentally de-fective’’ are mandatorily reported to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System—a federal list of people who are barred from purchasing firearms—as re-quired by the Gun Control Act. This finalized rule unjustly equates persons with disabil-ities and those who require assistance to manage their benefits to those who are actu-ally ‘‘mentally defective.’’ Aside from the fact that this regulation in-appropriately equates disabled persons rely-ing on representative payees with those who are ‘‘mentally defective,’’ AMAC objects to the way in which this regulation has been implemented. Over the past several years, Americans, particularly seniors, have been at the mercy of executive overreach and mandate. As millions of American seniors rely on SSA for their retirement income, the burden of this regulation has been largely concentrated in our communities. This Joint Resolution is a welcome reprieve to seniors who have had their Second Amendment rights subverted by an administration and agency with significant influence over their retirement income. As an organization committed to rep-resenting the interests of mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is dedicated to ensuring senior citizens’ interests are protected. This midnight regulation has placed an undue burden on those requiring assistance to man-age their benefits and who suffer from dis-ability. As an organization, we thank Sen-ator Grassley, Chairman Johnson, Congress-man Abraham, and their respective staffs for their quick response and steady resolve to protect seniors and those who have been af-fected by this regulation. We ask Congress to quickly pass this Joint Resolution and re-store the basic Second Amendment rights this rule has abridged. Sincerely, D
ANWEBER , President and Founder of AMAC. THEARC, Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The Arc of the United States (The Arc) writes to urge you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on De-cember 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the Social Se-curity Administration to forward the names of all Social Security and Supplemental Se-curity Income (SSI) disability beneficiaries who use a representative payee to help man-age their benefits, and who have been found eligible by meeting or equaling an SSA men-tal impairment listing, to the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The Arc is the largest national commu-nity-based organization advocating for peo-ple with intellectual and developmental dis-abilities (I/DD) and their families, with over 660 state and local chapters nationwide. The Arc is devoted to promoting and protecting the human and civil rights of people with in-tellectual and developmental disabilities and has over 60-years of history of advocating for the rights of children and adults with dis-abilities. The Arc is concerned about the safety of all Americans, including through gun violence. However, The Arc—and many other members of the Consortium for Citi-zens with Disabilities (CCD)—opposes the rule for a number of reasons, including: The damaging message that may be sent by an SSA policy change, which focused on reporting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage ones So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections when interfering with an individ-ual’s constitutional right, prior to the SSA’s transmittal of names to the NICS database. Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agencies to transmit the names of in-dividuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the capacity to manage their own af-fairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individuals are broadly unable to man-age their own affairs. The potential for the rule to deter some people with mental impairments from seek-ing access to the Social Security and SSI disability benefits that they are eligible for, out fear of being added to the NICS or having their privacy violated. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. Respectfully Submitted, M
ARTY FORD, Senior Executive Officer, Public Policy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.020 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH906 February 2, 2017 
AUTISTIC SELFADVOCACY NETWORK , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The Autistic Self Advocacy Network (ASAN) urges you to support a Con-gressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the So-cial Security Administration (SSA) on De-cember 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the Social Se-curity Administration to forward the names of all Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a represent-ative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The Autistic Self Advocacy Network is a nationwide 501(c)(3) advocacy organization run by and for autistic people ourselves. ASAN promotes public education and public policies that are aimed at eliminating stig-matizing attitudes and increasing autistic Americans’ access to all aspects of the com-munity. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, the Autistic Self Advocacy Network conveyed its opposition to the rule through a letter to the Obama Administration and through the pub-lic comment process, in addition to joining in public comments as a member of the Con-sortium of Citizens with Disabilities Rights Task Force. We—and many other disability rights organizations—opposed the rule for a number of reasons, including: 1) The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. 2) The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. 3) The absence of any meaningful due proc-ess protections prior to the SSA’s trans-mittal of names to the NICS database. Al-though the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agencies to transmit the names of in-dividuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the capacity to manage their own af-fairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individuals are broadly unable to Man-age their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. Sincerely, S
AMANTHA CRANE , Director of Public Policy, Autistic Self-Advocacy Network. COUNCIL FOR CITIZENS  A
GAINST GOVERNMENT WASTE , Washington, DC, February 1, 2017. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE , You will soon con-sider a number of resolutions that will dis-approve rules offered within the last six months of the Obama Administration, pursu-ant to the Congressional Review Act. On be-half of the more than one million members and supporters of the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste (CCAGW), I urge you to support the following resolutions: Rep. Bill Johnson’s (R-Ohio) resolution to disapprove the Department of the Interior’s (DOI) Stream Protection rule. The rule re-writes more than 400 regulations, while threatening one-third of the nation’s coal mining workforce. The rule would also over-ride preferable existing regulations at both the state and federal level. Rep. Bill Huizenga’s (R-Mich.) resolution to disapprove the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) rule, ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers.’’ The SEC, whose mission is to maintain effi-cient markets, estimates compliance of the rule could reach $591 million annually. The rule also fails to protect investors and pre-vents capital formation. Rep. Sam Johnson’s (R-Texas) resolution to disapprove a rule promulgated by the So-cial Security Administration relating to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). This rule misinter-prets the NICS Improvements Amendment Act, and it allows disability or Supplemental Security Income beneficiaries to be deemed ‘‘mental defectives’’ in NICS without any due process as required by law. Rep Virginia Foxx’s (R-N.C.) resolution to disapprove the so-called ‘‘blacklisting’’ rule promulgated by the Department of Defense, General Services Administration, and Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. This rule requires employers bidding on federal contracts to disclose both violations and alleged violations of state and federal labor laws for every contract bid, and to up-date that information every six months dur-ing the contract. This rule unnecessarily drives up the cost of projects, violates due process, and puts small business at a dis-advantage. Rep. Rob Bishop’s (R-Utah) resolution to disapprove the Bureau of Land Manage-ment’s (BLM) Venting and Flaring rule. This rule is an example of agency overreach, as BLM lacks the statutory authority to regu-late air quality. Further, the rule fails to ad-dress BLM’s real problem: a backlog of per-mits for the pipelines, in turn forcing the methane companies to vent and flare gases wastefully. It is critical that Congress removes as many of the ‘‘midnight regulations’’ as pos-sible forced on taxpayers by the previous ad-ministration. All votes on these resolutions will be among those considered for CCAGW’s 2017 Congressional Ratings. Sincerely, T
OMSCHATZ . President. 
DISABILITY LAWCENTER , Anchorage, AK, January 25, 2017. Re: Social Security ‘‘Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007’’. Sen. L
ISAMURKOWSKI , Anchorage, Alaska. Sen. D
ANSULLIVAN , Anchorage, Alaska. Congressman D
ONYOUNG , Anchorage, Alaska. D
EARSENATORS MURKOWSKI AND SULLIVAN , 
ANDCONGRESSMAN YOUNG : This past summer, our office commented on Social Security’s propsal to report certain beneficiaries to the federal firearms database. A copy of these comments is attached. Despite those com-ments, and many others, the agency went ahead with its proposal. 81 Fed. Reg. 91702 (December 19, 2016). According to press re-ports today, you will soon have before you a joint resolution disapproving these new regu-lations. This is to urge you carefully to con-sider, and, if appropriate, pass this joint res-olution. This is not a situation where Congress would be asserting its political will over an agency that carefully analyzed the com-ments on its proposed regulations and re-sponded to those comments in a thoughtful way. Instead, in its responses to comments, Social Security: 1) Simply failed to take into account that its disability determination process does not purport to decide whether someone is a ‘‘mental defective,’’ that Social Security is not the kind of ‘‘court, board, commission, or other lawful authority’’ that makes such findings, and that written decisions saying that someone qualifies for benefits typically do not mention whether the person meets or equals the mental Listings, thus omitting in-formation necessary for people to decide whether to appeal. 81 Fed. Reg. at 91703. 2) Relied, repeatedly, for its legal analysis on a DOJ Guidance that has not been pub-lished anywhere, let alone published in the Federal Register. 81 Fed. Reg. at 91703, 91704, 91706. 3) Responded to the suggestion that people might not apply for disability benefits they deserved because they would be reported to the database by saying that the reason they were on the database would be kept private, so they would not be ‘‘stigmatized’’ or ‘‘em-barrassed.’’ 81 Fed. Reg. at 91707. It isn’t a matter of stigmas or embarrassments. It’s a matter of wanting to own a firearm and being discouraged from applying for benefits because you know that if you get benefits you may lose your property. 4) Agreed that the process can assign some-one a representative payee even though the person is competent, 81 Fed. Reg. at 91709–10, but did not see that this fact ought to keep that person from going onto the federal fire-arms database; and 5) Completely failed to analyze whether putting someone on the database restricts Alaskan subsistence activities as protected by ANILCA. This is agency decisionmaking that is, for want of a better word, wrong. It deserves to be analyzed and rejected under the Congres-sional Review Act. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as the ACLU said: ‘‘We oppose this rule because it advances and rein-forces the harmful stereotype that peo-ple with mental disabilities, a vast and diverse group of citizens, are violent. There is no data to support a connec-tion between the need for a representa-tive payee to manage one’s Social Se-curity disability benefits and a propen-sity toward gun violence.’’ Mr. Speaker, we must act today to protect the rights of individuals with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of H.J. Res. 40, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have always been a strong ally of the disability community and have paid close attention to the concerns many have had with this rule. I’m proud to have been the lead sponsor of the Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.022 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H907 February 2, 2017 
which opened doors of independence, access, opportunity, and equity for millions of Ameri-cans with differing abilities. In Congress, Democrats have put forward commonsense gun safety laws that would pre-vent violent and dangerous individuals with mental disabilities from purchasing firearms. However, the Republican-led Congress would not allow even a vote on such legislation. President Obama took a series of limited steps within his authority, one of which was this rule, whose aim has been to prevent those who shouldn’t have guns from obtaining them. I believe that, absent action from Con-gress to enhance our background check sys-tem, this rule represents an imperfect but nec-essary step. It is imperfect because it stigmatizes the dis-ability community unfairly and needs a strong-er appeals process to protect the rights of those who fall under its purview. I disagree with the premise that having a mental dis-ability that precludes independent manage-ment of one’s finances correlates with a heightened risk of violence. I have read the rule and recognize that it was written in a nar-row way so that it applies only to those with severe mental illnesses. I’ve had many discussions over the past several days with leaders in the disability com-munity. I’ve grappled with the very difficult questions this resolution poses and ultimately decided that, given these circumstances, the best step right now is to oppose this resolu-tion. I look forward to working closely with the disability community and gun safety advocates to push for Congress to take up legislation that keeps all Americans safe from gun vio-lence while protecting the rights of those with differing abilities. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this misguided resolution that will only imperil the lives of more Americans. In 2007, this body passed the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System Im-provement bill with a unanimous voice vote. We all agreed that the background check system needed better information, especially after dangerous individuals slipped through the cracks and were able to purchase guns they never should have been allowed to buy in the first place. Like Jared Loughner, who killed six people in Arizona who were at a grocery store to meet our colleague Gabby Giffords. He passed background checks even though he had a history of drug use and disturbing behavior that should have been in the system. So the Obama Administration, at Congress’s direction wrote this rule to make sure that fed-eral mental health records make their way into the background check system, so that it can effectively deny purchases to individuals who are already prohibited from buying guns. And let’s be clear about what we’re talking about. This rule only affects those with very se-vere, long-term mental disorders, and who have been identified by doctors and psycholo-gists as severely mentally disabled. It does not paint disability recipients with a broad brush. 8.8 million Americans receive Social Secu-rity disability benefits, yet SSA estimates only 75,000 would meet the criteria under this rule. That is less than one percent. Let’s also be clear: this resolution is an at-tempt to hamstring our federal agencies and to keep them from improving the background check system. Rather than work with a new administrator to improve the rule, the Majority would rather have no rule at all because this bill not only repeals this background check improvement rule, it also prohibits the federal government from issuing a similar rule in the future. We’ve got it backwards. We shouldn’t be re-pealing gun safety rules, we should be strengthening them. Gun violence is an epi-demic in this country and we have done lit-erally nothing in Congress about it since Re-publicans took the majority in the House in 2011. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I strongly oppose this bill that uses dan-gerous procedure to advance dangerous pol-icy to erode our important firearms back-ground check system and undermine public safety. In response to the tragic mass shooting at Virginia Tech, the National Instant Criminal Background Check System Improvement Amendment Act was passed by Congress unanimously and signed into law by President Bush because everyone agreed that we need federal and State agencies to submit relevant information to maintain an accurate, effective system. This bill directly undermines public safety by permanently blocking a federal agency from submitting records to this critical safeguard system. I know the high cost of gun violence on fam-ilies and communities. I know that policy mak-ers have an obligation to address public safety carefully and responsibly. Reasonable people can disagree about whether the rule by the Social Security Administration struck the right balance between the threshold and process reporting to the background system. While op-ponents have raised some concerns about whether there is sufficient due process in this rule, the solution is not to block the rule en-tirely. Rather, the solution is to fix it. Therefore, I oppose this CRA because it would permanently prohibit the Social Security Administration from ever reporting individuals to this critical safety system, which is an ex-treme, dangerous, irresponsible, and irrevers-ible action that threatens the safety of our communities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 71, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, THE GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION, AND THE NATIONAL AERO-NAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINIS-TRATION Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 74, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 37) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration, and the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration relating to the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 74, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 37 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Defense, the General Services Ad-ministration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration relating to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 58562 (August 25, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.J. Res. 37. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the resolution. During the past 8 years, the number of newly issued regulations and the costs of those regulations have surged. By the prior administration’s own esti-mates, Federal regulations promul-gated over the last 10 years alone have imposed a cost of more than $100 bil-lion annually on American taxpayers. H.J. Res. 37, which we are considering today under the Congressional Review Act procedures, represents an impor-tant step toward rolling back this tsu-nami of rules. Once a CRA resolution of disapproval for a rule is enacted, agen-cies cannot reissue the rule or any sub-stantially similar rules in the future. H.J. Res. 37 revokes the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule, otherwise known as the blacklisting rule. I want to thank Chairwoman F
OXX for her leadership on this resolution of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.015 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH908 February 2, 2017 
disapproval. I also want to recognize my fellow original cosponsors, Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. M ITCHELL , for their leadership on this issue as well. I want to highlight the impact of this rule on the Federal acquisition system as well as contractors. This rule re-quires Federal contractors to report violations and alleged violations of 14 Federal labor laws and undefined equivalent State labor laws for the pre-vious 3 years. Contractors must collect and report this information every time they submit a proposal for a contract and then every 6 months during the contract performance. Then Federal contract officers consult with their agency’s newly created agency labor compliance adviser before determining if a contractor is eligible for a contract award. There are a number of reasons this rule should be revoked. The Federal ac-quisition system is already a very com-plex, inefficient system. This con-tractor blacklisting rule is exactly the type of requirement an already com-plex Federal acquisition system does not need. The rule adds another con-tractor clause to an increasingly long list of clauses in every Federal con-tract. It slows down a process that al-ready has trouble delivering goods and services in a timely manner. It in-creases the burden on Federal contract officers who have to review and assess the significant volume of information and take on the role of labor law ex-perts. The rule imposes significant costs on contractors, which means the govern-ment, which ultimately means the tax-payers. The rule itself is estimated to cost contractors and subcontractors more than $458 million in the first year and $413 million in the second year of its implementation. Some experts be-lieve the government underestimated these costs. The cost to establish a new informa-tion collection, reporting, and assess-ment system to comply with the rule would be prohibitively expensive for most contractors, especially the small contractors. Mr. Speaker, this is where the rubber meets the road. It is these small contractors. In fiscal year 2016, the Federal Gov-ernment spent more than $470 billion contracting for goods and services. We need to be looking for ways to reduce, not increase, spending in this area. The rule discourages competition and reduces access to innovation. The last thing we need to do for the Federal ac-quisition system is to discourage com-petition and innovation, particularly for first time participants who want to join the Federal marketplace. There are already so many barriers to entry, particularly for these small businesses. So think about the small business at home. They want to compete for these Federal contractors. They may be a very small organization. Even after we pass the resolution of disapproval, there are still rules, there are still laws, and there are still a lot of burdens that they have to deal with. But I want to cite some Bloomberg data about the number of first time Federal vendors. We have fallen to a 10- year low—down 24 percent in 2007 to only 13 percent in 2016. What that means is the big are prob-ably getting bigger, but the small guy, the mom, the pop, and the woman who is starting a new business and wants to compete for these Federal contracts don’t have a fighting chance. For the Federal Government to put more bur-dens on there, especially things that haven’t been substantiated, is just not fair, and it is just not right. b1445 The rule duplicates existing labor en-forcement mechanisms to hold con-tractors accountable and, therefore, I believe, is not necessary. Revoking this rule will not leave Federal contractors free to violate labor laws. To the contrary, the De-partment of Labor has significant over-sight and investigation resources to en-force the Federal labor law. Further, if there is a bad-apple con-tractor not complying with the law, contract officers already have the au-thority to refer contractors for suspen-sion and disbarment. This rule raises due process and First Amendment concerns. One of the most disturbing parts of the rule is that con-tractors would be required to report al-leged violations—not confirmed—just the alleged violations of the 14 Federal labor laws, and the undefined equiva-lent of State labor laws. It deprives contractors of their legal rights to challenge such allegations. The reporting requirement covers non- final administrative merits determina-tions without regard to the severity of the alleged violation. Contractors would have to disclose National Labor Relations Board com-plaints, OSHA citations, EEOC non- final letters of determination, even though these cases have not been adju-dicated and the record is incomplete. Contractors challenged this rule in Federal Court, and the judge, in grant-ing a preliminary injunction for the rule, found this reporting requirement could also impact contractors’ First Amendment rights. The judge said that the rule could result in compelled speech by requiring contractors to re-port allegations that would cause a reputational harm, particularly if after adjudication the allegation is found to be without merit. This rule increases costs, complexity, and reduces competition in the Federal acquisition system. We are having trouble getting new entrants in to compete as contractors, and, therefore, I urge the support of the passage of H.J. Res. 37. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this resolution which would dis-approve of the Fair Pay and Safe Work-places rule that was finalized in August of 2016. The Federal Acquisition Regulation requires Federal contractors to be ‘‘re-sponsible,’’ to have a satisfactory record of integrity, and business ethics. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule would require Federal contractors to self-report on violations of 14 funda-mental Federal labor and non-discrimination laws. This includes laws like the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act, or OSHA; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; and the Civil Rights Act. These Federal laws apply to all busi-nesses in the United States, and a vast majority of Federal contractors com-ply with them as well. Unfortunately, studies by the GAO, the Center for American Progress, and others show that there are a few bad apples that consistently violate these fundamental Federal labor laws, yet continue to be awarded Federal contracts. That is just plain wrong. Americans’ tax dollars should not go to contrac-tors who persistently and willfully vio-late such laws. It also puts contractors who do obey the law at an unfair disadvantage be-cause they willingly bear the cost of compliance to provide safe and fair workplaces. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule would also improve the effective-ness and efficiency of the Federal ac-quisition process by promoting healthy and productive workplaces. As the final rule notes, ‘‘Contractors that consistently adhere to labor laws are more likely to have workplace practices that enhance productivity and increase the likelihood of timely, predictable, and satisfactory delivery of goods and services.’’ This rule should be a win-win. It helps the Federal Government ensure compliance with fundamental labor and nondiscrimination laws and, at the same time, improve the efficiency of the Federal contracting process. I urge our Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this ill-conceived disapproval resolu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent that the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
OBBY SCOTT), the ranking mem-ber of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, be allowed to control the time on this side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Maryland? There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the lead sponsor of the joint resolution and the chair of the committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee for yielding time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.045 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H909 February 2, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, we are here today to stand up for workers, taxpayers, and small businesses. We all agree employers who do busi-ness with the Federal Government should be held to high standards, and their employees deserve strong protec-tions. That is why for decades the Fed-eral Government has had a system in place to deny contracts to employers who violate Federal labor laws. Time and again, Republicans in Con-gress urged the Obama administration to enforce the current system to ensure workers receive fair pay and safe work-places. Instead, the previous administration did the exact opposite. It went in search of a problem that doesn’t exist. It took its eye off the ball, and we are here today to demand better. The Obama blacklisting rule empow-ers government agencies to deny em-ployers Federal contracts for alleged violations of various Federal labor laws and similar State laws. That is right. Under this rule, bureaucrats can deter-mine employers are guilty until proven innocent, and then deny them the abil-ity to do business with the Federal Government. This is one important reason why a Federal district judge recently blocked implementation of the rule because it would have a chilling effect on the due process rights of American citizens. But that is not the only reason why we are here today. Rather than streamline the procurement process to better pro-tect taxpayers and workers, the Obama administration added new layers of red tape on to a system plagued by delays and inefficiencies. Simply put, this rule is a bureaucratic nightmare. It turns our already complex Federal pro-curement process into a convoluted regulatory maze. Despite what our Democrat col-leagues will claim, this rule will actu-ally hurt workers by making a system designed for their protection less effi-cient. Law-abiding small-business own-ers, the backbone of our Nation’s econ-omy, will be less inclined to bid on Federal contracts. As a result, we will see less competi-tion in the Federal contracting proc-ess. With less competition, hard-working taxpayers will be forced to pay more for goods and services provided to the U.S. Government. Perhaps most concerning is the threat this rule poses to our national security. Higher costs and a delayed contracting process will jeopardize the resources our Armed Services depend on to keep our Nation safe. With men and women currently stationed in harm’s way, this is simply unaccept-able. If workers, taxpayers, and small busi-nesses stand to lose, then who stands to gain? The answer is Big Labor. Union lead-ers often file frivolous legal complaints to gain leverage against employers. This is just one more partisan rule that stacks the deck in favor of union lead-ers. The facts are clear: this rule is fa-tally flawed. It is not in the best inter-est of workers, small-business owners, our military or hardworking taxpayers. It is also unnecessary, but you don’t have to take my word for it. Last October, our colleagues in the Congressional Progressive Caucus— Representatives K
EITH ELLISON and R
AU´LGRIJALVA said: ‘‘The Department of Labor has full authority under cur-rent law to hold Federal contractors accountable.’’ I could not agree more. In fact, that is what Republicans have been saying all along. I urge my colleagues to stand up for workers, small-business owners, tax-payers, and our national security by supporting this commonsense resolu-tion. Then let’s work together to en-sure existing policies are enforced and workers have the protections they de-serve. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) be permitted to control the remainder of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Before I address the disapproval reso-lution, I just want to acknowledge the important role Federal contractors have in meeting the needs of the Fed-eral Government. Employment and critical services in many districts, in-cluding my own, are heavily reliant on Federal contractors, including those who serve a critical role for our Na-tion, supporting the needs of the mili-tary, the Coast Guard, Homeland Secu-rity, and many others. That said, it is imperative that con-tractors are bidding on a level playing field when they compete for contracts. Unfortunately, this resolution would effectively reward contractors who cut corners, endanger the rights of their workers, and, studies show, com-promise quality. Although most Federal contractors obey labor laws, studies by the GAO, the Senate HELP Committee, and oth-ers document that Federal contractors with histories of serious, willful, and repeated violations of labor employ-ment and nondiscrimination laws con-tinue to be rewarded with Federal con-tracts. For context, it is important to know that contracting rules already require agencies to determine whether or not a prospective contractor is responsible before awarding a contract. Amongst the criteria considered is whether or not the contractor has ‘‘a satisfactory record of integrity and business eth-ics,’’ and ‘‘a satisfactory performance record.’’ As previous speakers have noted, vio-lations can already be considered. How-ever, contracting officers don’t have access to a list of those violations until this rule is issued, nor are contracting officers required to review a bidder’s labor violations history. The rule implementing the executive order on Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces does not add any extra layers of re-view. Rather, it would fill that data gap by requiring contractors to dis-close whether they have violations of 14 longstanding labor laws, including the Fair Labor Standards Act, OSHA, Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act, and nondiscrimination laws. It only applies to contracts over $500,000, so we are not talking about mom-and-pop operations. But if listing those violations of fair pay and safe workplace laws constitutes an adminis-trative burden, more the reason to make them be listed. They are to be disclosed. And al-though we have heard about allega-tions, and although some violations may not be final, the only thing that has to be disclosed are those violations for which there has been an agency de-termination. That is, an allegation is made, it is investigated, and the com-pany has been found to be in violation. It may be on appeal or whatnot, but there has at least been an agency de-termination of guilt. The rule requires contracting officers to focus on whether such violations are serious, repeated, willful or pervasive. The rule helps bring those contractors with a history of violations into com-pliance by way of labor compliance agreements so they can continue to be considered for contracting opportuni-ties while they improve their records. Some have mislabeled this rule as the ‘‘blacklisting rule,’’ but this sug-gestion and characterization ignores the rules’ meaningful compliance pro-vision. The reality is that this rule would, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, en-courage agency contract officials to push bidders with serious labor law vio-lations ‘‘to enter into labor compliance agreements’’ rather than to disbar or suspend them. I want to point out that a coalition of 20,000 construction contractors sub-mitted testimony to the Small Busi-ness Committee where they wrote: ‘‘Employers—primes and subs have more rights, remedies and redress for non-responsibility determinations based on lack of integrity or business ethics under the executive order than the current Federal Acquisition Regu-lation procedures specifically provide.’’ Now, this testimony suggests that the rules are far more contractor- friendly than the detractors have char-acterized. It would be premature to dismantle this rule because it hasn’t even been put into effect because it has been under a court injunction. Further, re-pealing the rule under the CRA would bar future consideration of substan-tially similar rules unless Congress en-acts subsequent enabling legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.046 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH910 February 2, 2017 
So the bottom line is that there are winners and there are losers if this leg-islation passes. The winners, if this leg-islation passes, would be companies who willfully, and repeatedly, and per-vasively violate labor laws. The win-ners would be the contractors who cut corners and gain an unfair competitive advantage over law-abiding contrac-tors. b1500 The losers will be workers who are employed by Federal contractors. They will be more susceptible to wage theft, unfair working conditions, and unsafe workplaces run by unscrupulous con-tractors. Losers will be the law-abiding contractors who lose contracts because they abide by the laws protecting their workers. This is why the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule enjoys support from a widespread number of businesses, vet-erans, civil rights, and labor organiza-tions from the Easterseals to Paralyzed Veterans of America, to the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights and the International Brotherhood of Team-sters. That is why I oppose this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the chair of the Committee on Small Busi-ness. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 37. I want to commend my colleague from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for her lead-ership in sponsoring this measure. I am proud to be a cosponsor. The blacklisting rule is a textbook example of executive overreach that became standard operating procedure during the previous administration. In-stead of using the existing suspension and debarment system to deal with bad actors, the Obama administration im-posed an unnecessary regulation that placed significant burdens on all Fed-eral contractors, even though they ad-mitted that ‘‘the vast majority of Fed-eral contractors play by the rules.’’ This kind of action—failing to en-force existing rules and then imposing a burdensome, redundant regulatory scheme—is exactly what frustrates the American people about Washington. We all want bad actors to be held account-able, but this rule is unnecessary red tape that punishes everyone for the ac-tions of a few. As chairman of the Committee on Small Business, I am concerned that we already have 100,000 fewer small businesses doing business with the Fed-eral Government than we did back in 2012. So in the second term of the Obama administration, we lost 100,000 small businesses doing business with the Federal Government across the country. That means we have less com-petition, and that is bad for job cre-ators and it is bad for taxpayers alike because, when there is less competi-tion, we pay more, so the tax dollars that we send here to Washington are not used as efficiently as they ought to be. The Committee on Small Business held several hearings and roundtables on this rule over the last 2 years, heard directly from small businesses, and ex-amined the Obama administration’s rule very closely. What we found was quite alarming. The blacklisting rule would force in-nocent small businesses to settle unproven claims, disclose commer-cially sensitive information to their competitors, and report information the Federal Government already has. So we are going through this whole process, and the Federal Government has already got it; but they are not competent enough to use what they have already got, so they want to put it on the contractor to do even more. It makes no sense. Ultimately, this rule will result in small businesses being blacklisted from participating in Federal contracting based on accusations—just accusa-tions—where they may ultimately be found innocent. They didn’t do any-thing wrong, yet they are barred from doing business with the government. Again, it makes no sense. I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 37. Passage of this joint resolution will undo a duplicative and unneces-sary regulation that harms small busi-ness, hurts competition, and prevents taxpayers from getting the best bang for their buck. I again want to thank the chair-woman for her leadership in pushing this forward. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to congres-sional Republicans’ attempt to repeal Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces protec-tions for Federal contract workers. We all know President Trump is no fan of transparency. He has steadfastly refused to disclose his own tax returns, so it is no surprise that he and the Re-publicans would oppose disclosure of labor, employment, civil rights, and nondiscrimination law violations by bidders for Federal contracts. What I really don’t understand is why Members of Congress would ask American taxpayers to subsidize com-panies that routinely violate our labor laws. Voting for this resolution actu-ally rewards companies that discrimi-nate, stiff their employees on pay, or cut corners on safety, and it puts re-sponsible businesses that play by the rules at a disadvantage. This resolution harms women. Women make up the majority of low- wage workers. Fair Pay and Safe Work-places protections ensure that our tax dollars do not support sexual harass-ment and sex discrimination on the job, regular occurrences especially for low-wage working women. This resolution harms veterans, in-cluding disabled veterans. Repeal means that we won’t know whether a contract bidder routinely violates sec-tion 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, which Paralyzed Veterans of America, Disabled American Veterans, and Vets First say is ‘‘necessary to prevent dis-crimination in the workplace and dur-ing the hiring process.’’ This resolution also harms older workers. To quote AARP: ‘‘ . . . age discrimination in the workplace per-sists as a serious and pervasive prob-lem. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order is the first executive order since 1964 addressing the obliga-tion of those who receive federal con-tracts not to discriminate on the basis of age.’’ If you don’t want your taxpayer dol-lars to be used to undermine Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces protections, then all Members should oppose this resolu-tion. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to our distinguished colleague from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 37. I am proud to join Chairwoman F
OXX and Chairmen C
HAFFETZ and C HABOT as an original cosponsor. H.J. Res. 37 would void the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule, commonly known as the blacklisting rule. The blacklisting rule is an additional layer of Federal bureaucracy that crushes the ability of small and midsize compa-nies to compete for Federal contracts and adversely impacts timing and effi-cient procurement while massively in-creasing costs. The blacklisting rule requires Fed-eral contractors to report violations, including alleged violations of 14 Fed-eral labor laws and equivalent State laws, over the previous 3 years. Con-tractors have to collect that informa-tion from all of their subcontractors, and they are liable for that informa-tion, placing a huge administrative burden on those contractors. Also, not only when they bid for the contract, but every 6 months, they must renew that information. Federal contract officers—by the way, there are over 37,000 of them, an amazing number—would then be re-quired to consult with newly created labor compliance advisers. Yes, it cre-ates more bureaucrats. The final rule, itself, estimates costs for contractors and subcontractors of more than $458 million in the first year—a half a billion dollars—and more than $413 million in the second year. Amazing costs. This compliance cost is catastrophic for small and midsize businesses. Those who deny workers basic pro-tections are already protected by the suspension and debarment process. The blacklisting rule is simply another bu-reaucratic hoop. In 2015, nearly 1,000 suspensions and 2,000 debarments were undertaken. Put simply, the suspen-sion and debarment system has worked to protect workers and government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.048 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H911 February 2, 2017 
Moreover, the rule requires contrac-tors and subcontractors to report on alleged labor law violations and viola-tions that have not been fully adju-dicated. A business could be deemed in-eligible for a Federal contract, or blacklisted, because the contractor re-ported alleged labor law violations while still exercising their legal right to pursue adjudication. That is anti-thetical to our Constitution. H.J. Res. 37 will remove a regulation that raises serious due process con-cerns, duplicates existing enforcement mechanisms, increases the cost of Fed-eral contracting, and expands the Fed-eral bureaucracy. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), the vice ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.J. Res. 37. President Obama’s Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule reinforces employ-ment protections and laws that help veterans, individuals with disabilities, older Americans, minorities, and LGBTQ workers. It protects workers in our country so they receive a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. This rule was passed in response to discovering that billions of taxpayer dollars went to companies that vio-lated Federal workplace laws. A con-tractor who cheats workers out of their pay, endangers their safety at work, or engages in discriminatory practices should be required at least to disclose this information when bidding for Fed-eral contracts. Taxpayer dollars should not support the exploitation of work-ers. That is just common sense. The resolution before us would also remove critical protections for workers that allow them to access our judicial system. The Fair Pay and Safe Work-places rule bans forced arbitration in workplace discrimination and sexual assault cases for contracts of $1 million or greater, a policy already in place at the Department of Defense that was enacted with broad bipartisan support in 2010. Workers deserve the oppor-tunity to have their day in court to seek justice for their sexual assault and discrimination claims. I oppose this resolution to disapprove of these protections because it gives se-rial law violators a free pass at the cost of workers’ safety, and it dis-advantages the law-abiding contractors in Oregon and across the country who follow our Nation’s laws. H.J. Res. 37 before us today would re-ward unlawful and discriminatory con-duct. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, Employ-ment, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for introducing this legislation and spon-soring it. I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 37. We all agree that bad actors who deny workers basic protections and violate the Fair Labor Standards Act should not be rewarded with govern-ment contracts funded by taxpayer dol-lars. However, the Department of La-bor’s rule effectively blacklists Federal contractors for alleged violations and would require contractors to defend themselves against these allegations without being entitled to a formal hearing. The Federal District Court has al-ready ruled that the Department of Labor rule violates contractors’ due process rights. Additionally, this rule is unnecessary because the Department of Labor already has significant over-sight and investigation capabilities to assess contractor compliance with Fed-eral labor laws. This rule supersedes agencies’ exist-ing authority to hold contractors ac-countable under the current suspension and disbarment system. My question is why don’t they use it? Misguided regulatory policies, like the blacklisting rule, don’t stop bad ac-tors, but they do end up adding new layers of redundant bureaucratic red tape, harming employers and older workers, disabled workers, female workers, minority workers, and work-ers, in general, alike. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution of disapproval and roll back this duplicative and unnecessary rule. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, can you advise both sides how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 171⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 12
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ), a member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD two letters from organizations that have long led the fight for workers’ rights: the AFL–CIO and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. 
AFL–CIO, February 1, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : The AFL–CIO urges you to oppose the Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval of the regulations implementing the Fair Pay and Safe Work-places Executive Order. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces regula-tions implement the common-sense propo-sition that companies wanting to receive lu-crative taxpayer-funded government con-tracts should comply with the law and re-spect workers’ rights. The Executive Order and implementing regulations establish a process for reviewing the records of compa-nies bidding for federal business and ensur-ing that companies that receive this business comply with the law and respect workers’ rights. The regulations improve the con-tracting process and establish more fairness, so that companies that respect workers’ rights do not have a competitive disadvan-tage when competing against companies that cheat by misclassifying their workers as independent contractors, ignoring health and safety hazards, or engaging in wage theft. Repealing these regulations will remove an important incentive for companies to pay their workers what they are due, protect their health and safety, and comply with the law. The regulations are needed because the current procurement system does an inad-equate job screening prospective contractors and their compliance (or non-compliance) with the law. According to the U.S. Govern-ment Accountability Office, federal con-tracts have been awarded to companies with significant records of violating wage and hour, health and safety, and other worker protection laws. A report by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions similarly found that the government regu-larly awards federal contracts to companies with significant violations of worker protec-tion laws. Wiping out these regulations using the Congressional Review Act is a draconian and unnecessary act. If Congress adopts this res-olution, agencies will be forever barred from adopting similar regulations in the future. This is overkill. If Congress has concerns about aspects of the regulations, it can work with the Trump Administration to modify those provisions through the regular rule-making process. Congress should not use the blunt instrument of the CRA to wipe out the rules and prevent their adoption in the fu-ture. Sincerely, WILLIAM SAMUEL , Director. Government Affairs Department. 
[From the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Feb. 2, 2017] R
OLLBACK OF ‘FAIR AND SAFEWORKPLACES ’ W
ILLHURTWORKERS , REWARD BADACTORS  
HOFFA STATEMENT OF LEGISLATION AIMED AT  
RESCINDING EXECUTIVE ORDER  W
ASHINGTON .—The following is a state-ment from Teamsters General President James P. Hoffa on the House of Representa-tive’s consideration of legislation later today that would roll back the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces executive order issued by President Obama in 2014 and instituted last year. ‘‘Federal government contractors receive taxpayer dollars to provide a service or prod-uct. And as part of that agreement, they should be expected to follow the law when it comes to the workplace and their employees. When they don’t, they hurt working fami-lies, they gain unfair advantage over compa-nies that play by the rules, and they should be held accountable for their actions. ‘‘That’s what the Fair Pay and Safe Work-places executive order that took effect last August ensures. There is nothing controver-sial about it. Lawmakers should want work-ers to receive the paychecks they earn, be safe on the job and not be discriminated against. ‘‘Taxpayer money should not be handed to companies that blatantly violate labor and workplace laws. If elected representatives are as truly interested in standing up for workers as they claim, they will stop efforts to overturn rules that protect employee pay and ensure workers can provide for their families.’’ Founded in 1903, the International Brother-hood of Teamsters represents 1.4 million hardworking men and women throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, before entering public office, I was an elec-trician. I used to work on top of bridges doing very dangerous work. Imagine climbing 150 feet up over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.050 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH912 February 2, 2017 
water. But over the course of that ca-reer, three times, there were gentlemen I worked with who never went home, never clocked out, never went home to see their wife or their children. Every day, 13 Americans are killed on the job; they didn’t go home to see their wife, their children, their hus-band. Sometimes accidents are un-avoidable, but many, many times they aren’t, and that is what we are talking about here. b1515 The rule doesn’t talk about hurting companies. We are talking about basic information, the same information that everybody in this room would ask if they were building an addition on their house. You would want to know, if you were spending $10,000, whether or not that contractor had any violations, did he finish the job, were people killed on the job. But when we are spending $81 billion of the American taxpayer, somehow we don’t want to know that. If you go for a loan, they want to know what your background is, even if you had given it ten times before. If you are going to college, they certainly want to know your background. So what we are talking about here is simple transparency. It is not just about workplace safety. It is about giv-ing a free pass for something that they did wrong. Let me repeat that. Some-thing that contractors did wrong. If they did nothing wrong, they have nothing to fear. That is why I stand in opposition to this rule. When I vote against this legislation, I want everybody in this room to think about 13 men and women who aren’t going home tonight, who wouldn’t have to tell anybody that they were killed on their jobs. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. B
YRNE ), my distinguished colleague. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the chairwoman for yielding, and for her leadership on our committee. I rise today to offer my strong sup-port for H.J. Res. 37. This legislation is about protecting our Nation’s workers, small businesses, and taxpayers. As a former labor and employment attorney, I have seen the maze that businesses must jump through in order to become a Federal contractor. Well, this rule would only make things that much harder for them. This regulation, due to the price of compliance, could force small- and me-dium-sized businesses, who can’t afford to hire a massive legal team, out of being able to get contracts with the Federal Government. This rule will add subjectivity to the Federal procurement process and de-prive contractors of due process rights. As an attorney, I take that threat very seriously. We should be in the business of sup-porting policies to make it easier for these kinds of businesses to get new work, not harder. Now, Mr. Speaker, I know my col-leagues on the other side say this is just about punishing bad actors. But this rule would require Federal con-tractors to disclose even alleged viola-tions of wrongdoing, regardless of whether or not there is any credibility to the claims. Right now, there are ef-fective policies in place to prevent bad actors and contractors that break the law from receiving government con-tracts. This could be especially damaging for employers who are the target of union organizing campaigns, or in a situation where a competitor files a claim in an effort to gain a competitive advantage. It elevates the risk of frivolous com-plaints and the loss of business. Instead of muddying the water and making it harder for our Nation’s small- and medium-sized businesses, let’s use the current framework, not a new burdensome regulation, to enforce the law and hold any bad actors ac-countable. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this resolution to block an overreaching and counterproductive rule. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to overturning the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule under the Con-gressional Review Act. Undoing this rule would once again allow unethical Federal contractors to collect billions of dollars from taxpayers while steal-ing from, endangering, and discrimi-nating against their employees. Right outside this building, on Janu-ary 20, President Trump promised to give power back to the people and em-power everyday Americans. I do not understand how allowing Federal con-tractors to hide records of wage theft, safety violations, and discrimination keeps that promise. I am particularly concerned with what repealing this rule will mean for our Nation’s veterans. Because Federal contractors are encouraged to employ the men and women who have served, they will be greatly affected if we let companies off the hook for repeatedly violating workplace laws. In addition, President Obama’s exec-utive order helps to guarantee that Federal contractors comply with long-standing law that protects veterans and people with disabilities from dis-crimination in the workplace. It also encourages contractors to recruit, hire, promote, and retain these individuals. This is why the Paralyzed Veterans of America wrote a letter to the Speak-er and minority leader asking that they oppose this resolution to ensure fair and safe working conditions for our veterans. PVA was also joined in a separate letter by Vietnam Veterans of America and disability advocates, in-cluding Easterseals, the American As-sociation of People with Disabilities, and dozens more opposing the resolu-tion we are debating today. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  both letters. 
PARALYZED VETERANS OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : Paralyzed Veterans of Amer-ica urges you to reject a Congressional Re-view Act (CRA) disapproval resolution of the 2016 Federal Acquisition Regulation rule de-signed to reduce employment discrimination against people with disabilities and veterans, including those with service-connected dis-abilities. PVA is the nation’s only Congres-sionally-chartered veterans’ service organi-zation solely dedicated to representing vet-erans with spinal cord injuries and/or dis-eases. Disapproving this rule will weaken impor-tant nondiscrimination and affirmative hir-ing provisions intended for people with dis-abilities and veterans. For more than four decades, individuals with disabilities and veterans have been protected by federal laws against discrimination in employment with employers that do business with the federal government. In addition, these landmark laws (Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974) have required large federal contrac-tors to take affirmative action to recruit, hire, promote, and retain these individuals, who traditionally face higher unemployment rates than their peers. The Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation (81 Fed. Reg. 58562)—that is being targeted by this CRA resolution of dis-approval—simply ensures that companies that want to do business with the federal government disclose whether they have been in violation of these longstanding require-ments. Please ensure that veterans and other indi-viduals with disabilities are not denied fair and equal employment opportunities by vot-ing against the CRA resolution of dis-approval of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion published at 81 Fed. Reg. 58562. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, C
ARLBLAKE , Associate Executive Director. 
CONSORTIUM FOR CITIZENS WITH  D
ISABILITIES , February 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The undersigned members of the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) and our allies urge you to reject a Congressional Review Act (CRA) disapproval resolution of the 2016 Federal Acquisition Regulation rule designed to reduce employ-ment discrimination against people with dis-abilities and veterans, including those with service-connected disabilities. CCD is the largest coalition of national or-ganizations working together to advocate for Federal public policy that ensures the self- determination, independence, empowerment, integration and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of soci-ety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.051 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H913 February 2, 2017 
Disapproving this rule would weaken im-portant nondiscrimination and affirmative hiring provisions intended for people with disabilities and veterans. For more than four decades, individuals with disabilities and veterans have been protected by federal laws against discrimination in employment with employers that do business with the federal government. In addition, these landmark laws (Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974) have required large federal contrac-tors to take affirmative action to recruit, hire, promote, and retain these individuals, who traditionally face higher unemployment rates than their peers. The Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation (81 Fed. Reg. 58562)—that is being targeted by this CRA resolution of dis-approval—simply ensures that companies that want to do business with the federal government disclose whether they have been in violation of these longstanding require-ments. Please help ensure individuals with disabil-ities and veterans have a fair shot at em-ployment by voting against the CRA resolu-tion of disapproval of the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation published at 81 Fed. Reg. 58562. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, American Association of People with Dis-abilities, American Foundation for the Blind, Association of University Centers on Disabilities (AUCD), Autistic Self Advocacy Network, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, Center for Public Representation, Dis-ability Power & Pride, Easterseals, Goodwill Industries International, Institute for Edu-cational Leadership, National Association of State Head Injury Administrators, The Na-tional Council on Independent Living, Na-tional Disability Rights Network, National Down Syndrome Congress, Special Needs Al-liance, Paralyzed Veterans of America, The Advocrat Group, The Arc of the United States, United Cerebral Palsy, United Spinal Association, Vietnam Veterans of America [VVA]. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, the Fed-eral Government, which spends billions of dollars contracting with private companies every year, has an obliga-tion to demonstrate and promote re-sponsible behavior. We should not be in the business of working with contrac-tors who repeatedly violate our Na-tion’s labor laws, particularly when they harm the veterans who have served our Nation so bravely. Repealing this rule sends the wrong message to employers, the wrong mes-sage to veterans, and the wrong mes-sage to hardworking Americans who deserve to be treated with respect in the workplace. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a list of organizations sup-porting this disapproval resolution. 
LETTERS IN SUPPORT OF H.J. R ES. 37 Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM). Other Stakeholders (19 signatories): Aero-space Industries Association, American Council of Engineering Companies, American Foundry Society, American Hotel & Lodging Association, American Trucking Associa-tion, Associated Builders and Contractors, Inc., Associated General Contractors, College and University Professional Association for Human Resources (CUPA–HR), HR Policy Association, Independent Electrical Contrac-tors, Information Technology Alliance for the Public Sector, International Foodservice Distributors Association, National Associa-tion of Manufacturers, National Defense In-dustrial Association, Professional Services Council, Society for Human Resource Man-agement, The Coalition for Government Pro-curement, U.S Chamber of Commerce, WorldatWork. Ms. FOXX. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ), a member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague and ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, Mr. S
COTT, for yielding. I stand here in opposition to this res-olution, which looks to undo rules that provide safety and fairness in the workplace. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule speaks for itself. It ensures that contractors entrusted with taxpayer dollars cannot exploit their workers and that repeated lawbreakers do not get a competitive advantage. This standard does not impose extra regula-tions on contractors. It simply requires that they follow the law. These laws make sure women are paid the same wages for the same work. They make sure that employers are paying a fair rate for overtime work. They protect employees with dis-abilities. And they protect workers who are victims of sexual assault or sexual harassment by ensuring those individuals have an opportunity to be heard. A 2013 Senate report found that gov-ernment contractors are often among the worst violators of the workplace safety, wage, and hour laws. Nearly one in three companies with the worst safe-ty and wage violations are Federal con-tractors. Americans working for Fed-eral contractors lose up to $2.5 billion each year to violations of minimum wage laws alone. This is unacceptable and exactly why this order was exe-cuted—to protect workers. We have a duty to our constituents, and this rule rightfully asks the Fed-eral Government to take another look at contractors who have violated labor laws before awarding a contract. By upholding this order, we can continue to ensure that taxpayers get a fair deal for their money, something my Repub-lican colleagues certainly should be in favor of. Some Republicans will claim that this order creates a so-called blacklist by preventing companies from receiv-ing Federal contracts. However, the op-posite is true. The order, in fact, pro-vides new tools for contractors to come into compliance with the law. This order is in the interest of the people and our constituents who we were sent here to represent. Rolling back these protections would demonstrate that we would rather side with employers who cut legal corners by not paying a fair wage than with our constituents who work day in and day out to provide for their families. Not only will rescinding this rule hurt our constituents, but it would also hurt law-abiding companies by forcing them into unfair competition with companies that cut corners and know-ingly violate the law. As we look to in-vest in our country’s infrastructure, I cannot think of a more important time to ensure that employees working for Federal contractors are treated fairly. This rule is an important safeguard that protects employees, and its roll-back will be a disgrace. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution and the complete dis-mantlement of the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces executive order. Among other worker protection bene-fits, President Obama’s Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces executive order pro-hibits Federal contractors from using forced arbitration clauses in employ-ment contracts involving civil, sexual assault, and harassment disputes. It di-rects companies with Federal contracts of $1 million or more not to require their employees to enter into pre-dis-pute arbitration proceedings for dis-putes arising out of title VII of the Civil Rights Act or from sexual assault or harassment cases, except when valid contracts already exist. This existing order built upon exist-ing policy that was successfully imple-mented at the Department of Defense, the largest Federal contracting agency, and it will help improve contractors’ compliance with labor laws. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces executive order required Federal contractors to give employees their day in court. By doing away with this order, the new ad-ministration is subjecting workers to forced arbitration, which is a private and fundamentally unfair process. Unlike the court system, which was developed through centuries of juris-prudence, forced arbitration does not provide important procedural guaran-tees of fairness and due process that are the hallmark of our courts. There are no requirements that witnesses tes-tify under oath or affirmation, rules of evidence and procedure are not relied upon, the caselaw that has been devel-oped over centuries is not used as precedent, and arbitration proceedings are often secretive, sealed, and there is no meaningful right to appeal. Behind closed doors and shrouded in secrecy, forced arbitration enables em-ployers to conceal wrongdoing from the public and to undermine employee rights. Since 2007, I have championed the Ar-bitration Fairness Act, which would eliminate forced arbitration clauses in employment, consumer, and civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.030 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH914 February 2, 2017 
rights cases. The executive order took us one step closer. Americans deserve better than pri-vate, unaccountable tribunals that ad-judicate disputes, mostly in favor of the employer. Equal access to justice for all should not be an aspiration but a guarantee for all Americans. I ask my colleagues to oppose H.J. Res. 37. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of the time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to restate a couple of provisions. One is this underlying regulation only applies to contracts in excess of $500,000. As previously stated, this in-formation that is to be disclosed can already be considered in contracting. This regulation makes it available so it can be considered. It is not just allegations. We are talking about agency determinations after an investigation. Now, the regulation requires consid-eration of the fact of whether or not a determination is final or whether it is on appeal. That is to be considered. But not all violations in the fullest of time are to be considered at all. Only those that are serious, repeated, willful, or pervasive violations of fair pay and safe workplace violations are to be considered. And so for the people who are not blacklisted, the guilty are encouraged to participate in labor compliance agreements so they can continue to re-ceive contracts while they improve their records. b1530 In closing, Mr. Speaker, let us recall who the winners and losers are if this resolution of disapproval passes. The winners will be the unscrupulous con-tractors who cut corners and com-promise the safety of their workers. The losers will be the workers, who are the most susceptible to wage theft and unfair working conditions, and the law- abiding contractors who face unfair competition. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  three letters: one from The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, another from the American Industrial Hygiene Association, and, finally, one from a coalition of 134 business, labor, and civil society groups which stand in opposition to this resolution of dis-approval. 
THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE ON  C
IVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , Washington, DC, January 31, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : On behalf of The Leadership Con-ference on Civil and Human Rights, a coali-tion charged by its diverse membership of more than 200 national organizations to pro-mote and protect the civil and human rights of all persons in the United States, we write in strong opposition to the use of the Con-gressional Review Act (CRA) to repeal the regulations implementing the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order. The Fair Pay regulations represent a much-needed step forward in ensuring that the federal contractor community is pro-viding safe and fair workplaces for employ-ees by encouraging compliance with federal labor and civil rights laws, and prohibiting the use of mandatory arbitration of certain disputes. Employers that have the privilege of doing business with the federal government also have a responsibility to abide by the law. The Fair Pay regulations are crucial because they help ensure that federal contractors be-have responsibly and ethically with respect to labor standards and civil rights laws. They also encourage companies applying for federal contracts to comply with federal civil rights laws such as the Fair Labor Standards Act (which includes the Equal Pay Act), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and their state law equivalents. The Executive Order also bans contractors from forcing em-ployees to arbitrate claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act as well as claims of sex-ual harassment and sexual assault. We urge you to oppose any attempts to roll back the protections that stem from the Ex-ecutive Order on Fair Pay and Safe Work-places. The Order and implementing regula-tions provide strong protections against the federal government contracting with em-ployers that routinely engage in discrimina-tion based on race, sex, age, or disability, violate workplace health and safety protec-tions, withhold wages, or commit other labor violations. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact June Zeitlin, Director of Human Rights Policy. Sincerely, WADEHENDERSON , President & CEO. N
ANCY ZIRKIN , Executive Vice Presi-dent. 
AIHA P ROTECTING WORKER HEALTH  January 31, 2017. E
XPRESSING CONCERN FOR WORKER HEALTH & S
AFETY RELATED TO H.J.R ES. 37 ‘‘D IS-
APPROVING THE FINAL RULESUBMITTED BY  
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE , THE GEN-
ERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION , AND THE  N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMIN -
ISTRATION RELATING TO THE FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION REGULATION ’’ D
EAR US R EPRESENTATIVES : On behalf of the American Industrial Hygiene Association (AIHA), I am writing to express our concern with H.J.Res. 37, which would overturn a final rule that amended the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation to implement Executive Order 13673 ‘‘Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces’’, and is currently scheduled for consideration this week on the House floor under Suspen-sion of the Rules. While the final rule and Executive Order address many topics, our concerns are limited to those areas dealing with worker health and safety, as these are the subjects in which AIHA and its members possess unique expertise and knowledge. Instead of a blanket repeal of this rule, AIHA encourages you to engage with occupa-tional and environmental health and safety professionals, and others in a constructive dialogue that examines how best to improve worker health, safety, and socioeconomic prosperity—all of which are closely linked. As currently drafted, H.J.Res. 37 threatens to slow progress towards healthier and safer workplaces; as such, we encourage you to op-pose its passage. Founded in 1939, AIHA is the premier asso-ciation of occupational and environmental health and safety professionals. AIHA’s 8,500 members play a crucial role on the front line of worker health and safety every day. Our members represent a cross-section of indus-try, private business, labor, government and academia. Thank you for your consideration of AIHA’s concerns and recommendations. AIHA looks forward to working with you to help protect worker health and safety. Please feel free to contact Mark Ames, AIHA’s Director of Government Relations. Respectfully, LAWRENCE SLOAN , CAE, Chief Executive Officer, AIHA. 
JANUARY 31, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : On behalf of the undersigned organi-zations, we write in strong opposition to the use of the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to repeal the regulations implementing the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order. We are organizations dedicated to pro-tecting workers, eliminating workplace dis-crimination and protecting access to justice. The Fair Pay regulations represent a much- needed step forward in ensuring that the fed-eral contractor community is providing safe and fair workplaces for employees by encour-aging compliance with federal labor and civil rights laws, and prohibiting the use of man-datory arbitration of certain disputes. Employers that have the privilege of doing business with the federal government also have a responsibility to abide by the law. The Fair Pay regulations are crucial because they help ensure that federal contractors be-have responsibly and ethically with respect to labor standards and civil rights laws. They also encourage companies applying for federal contracts to comply with federal labor and employment laws such as the Fair Labor Standards Act (which includes the Equal Pay Act), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and their state law equivalents. The Ex-ecutive Order also bans contractors from forcing employees to arbitrate claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act as well as claims of sexual harassment and sexual as-sault. We ask you to stand with American work-ers and oppose any attempts to roll back the protections that stem from the Executive Order on Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces. They provide strong protections against the federal government contracting with em-ployers that routinely violate workplace health and safety protections, engage in age, disability, race, and sex discrimination, withhold wages, or commit other labor viola-tions. These protections should not be re-pealed. Sincerely, 9to5 California, 9to5 Colorado, 9to5 Geor-gia, 9to5 Wisconsin, 9to5, National Associa-tion of Working Women, A Better Balance, A. Phillip Randolph Institute, AFL-CIO, Af-rican American Ministers In Action, AJ Rosen & Associates LLC, Alaska Wilderness League, Alliance to End Slavery & Traf-ficking, Amalgamated Transit Union, Amer-ican Association for Access, Equity and Di-versity, American Association of People with Disabilities, American Association of Uni-versity Women (AAUW), American Civil Lib-erties Union, American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, American Federation of Teachers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.056 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H915 February 2, 2017 
Americans for Democratic Action, Arkan-sans Against Abusive Payday Lending, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, Bend the Arc Jewish Action, BlueGreen Alliance, Brazilian Worker Center, Brotherhood of Lo-comotive Engineers and Trainmen—Wyo-ming State Legislative Board, Business and Professional Women/Florida (BPW/FL), Busi-ness and Professional Women/St. Petersburg- Pinellas (BPW/SPP), California Employment Lawyers Association, Catalyst, Center for Justice & Democracy, Center for Law and Social Policy, Coalition of Labor Union Women, Coalition on Human Needs, Coali-tion to Abolish Slavery & Trafficking, Com-munications Workers of America, Demand Progress, Demos, Economic Policy Institute Policy Center. Equal Pay Today, Equal Rights Advocates, Family Equality Council, Family Values @ Work, Farmworker Association of Florida, Feminist Majority, Fight for $15, Food & Water Watch, Friends of the Earth, Futures Without Violence, Gender Justice, Good Jobs Nation, Health Justice Project, Hindu Amer-ican Foundation, Human Rights Campaign, Institute for Science and Human Values, Inc., Interfaith Worker Justice, Inter-national Association of Machinists and Aero-space Workers, International Brotherhood of Teamsters. International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, IFPTE, Inter-national Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers, International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace & Agricultural Im-plement Workers of America (UAW), Jobs With Justice, Jobs with Justice of East Ten-nessee, Knox Area Workers’ Memorial Day Committee, Labor Council for Latin Amer-ican Advancement, Labor Project for Work-ing Families in Partnership with Family Values @ Work, Lambda Legal, Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Main Street Alliance, Make the Road New York, MassCOSH—Massachusetts Coali-tion for Occupational Safety & Health, MomsRising.org, NAACP, National Alliance for Fair Contracting, National Asian Pacific American Women’s Forum, National Asso-ciation of Consumer Advocates. National Association of Human Rights Workers, National Association of Social Workers, National Bar Association, National Black Justice Coalition, National Center for Law and Economic Justice, National Center for Lesbian Rights, National Center for Transgender Equality, National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its low income cli-ents), National Council of Jewish Women, National Council of La Raza, National Dis-ability Rights Network, National Education Association, National Employment Law Project, National Employment Lawyers As-sociation, National Fair Housing Alliance, National Guestworker Alliance, National Health Law Program, National Immigration Law Center, National Organization for Women, National Urban League. National Women’s Law Center, National Youth Employment Coalition, Oxfam Amer-ica, Paralyzed Veterans of America, The Na-tional Partnership for Women & Families, People’s Action, Policy Matters Ohio, PowHer New York, Pride at Work, Progres-sive Congress Action Fund, Public Citizen, Public Justice, Public Justice Center, Res-taurant Opportunities Centers United, Re-tail, Wholesale & Department Store Union, Santa Clara County Wage Theft Coalition, Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law, Service Employees International Union (SEIU), Sierra Club, South Florida Interfaith Worker Justice. Southwest Women’s Law Center, Sugar Law Center for Economic & Social Justice, The American Association for Justice, The Consumer Voice, The Maryland Consumer Rights Coalition, UltraViolet, Union of Con-cerned Scientists, Unite Here, United Steel-workers, UWUA—Utility Workers Union of America, The Voter Participation Center, Washington State Labor Council, AFL-CIO, WisCOSH, Inc., Women Employed, Women’s Voices for the Earth, Workplace Fairness, Women’s Voices Women Vote Action Fund. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this resolution of disapproval. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. In closing, I thank my colleagues— Chairman C
HAFFETZ , Chairman C
HABOT , and Representative M ITCH-
ELL—for joining us in this important effort as well as to thank my col-leagues who came and spoke on this resolution. Workers deserve strong protections. The best way to ensure fair pay and safe workplaces is to enforce the exist-ing suspension and debarment system. It is also important to remind my col-leagues of what the Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus said: 
The Department of Labor has full author-ity under current law to hold Federal con-tractors accountable. 
It is clear we don’t need more layers of red tape to prevent bad actors from receiving taxpayer-funded contracts. Creating a bureaucratic maze would only make a system less efficient that is designed to protect workers. Fur-thermore, the blacklisting rule would undermine the ability of small busi-nesses to compete for Federal con-tracts, would increase costs for tax-payers, and would jeopardize the re-sources of our Armed Forces—the ones they need to keep this country safe. I urge my colleagues to block this harmful rule and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.J. Res. 37. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Joint Resolution 37, which annuls a poorly-written regulation put in place by the Obama administration. We need to clean up the regulations that the previous administration imposed upon American business. We need to reform them, and ensure that they serve a useful purpose. This is especially important for the Department of Defense and NASA. The regulation in question does not allow contractors to exercise their right of due proc-ess. Rather than letting our legal system pro-vide justice, American companies could be blacklisted by contracting agencies if ‘‘prelimi-nary determinations’’ had been made against them. This is not how our justice system works. Perhaps that is why this regulation was halted by a nationwide injunction. We should protect American workers. The regulation we strike today was poorly crafted, and it would ultimately do America’s workforce more harm than good. As Chairman of the Science Committee, I know that such a regulation would impede NASA from carrying out its mission of explo-ration and place an unnecessary cost on tax-payers by diminishing competition. NASA should not be hampered by such un-necessary regulations and needs to focus its resources on the challenges of outer space exploration. The Federal procurement process cannot afford to be bogged down with defective regu-lations. Congress must clean up how our gov-ernment does business to ensure that it is just and efficient. I encourage my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, we often tell young people that if they work hard and play by the rules, their efforts will be rewarded. Yet this unjust resolution fails to put our fed-eral government’s money where its mouth is. It will ensure that our tax dollars continue to go to companies that fail to live up to their end of this bargain. Time and again, reports have cited the glar-ing frequency with which serial labor law viola-tors receive federal contracts. In the mid-1990s, GAO identified dozens of companies of violating core workplace protec-tions, like the National Labor Relations Act and the Occupational Safety and Health Act. And these abuses have continued. Reports in 2010 and 2013 again found that companies with significant labor citations continued to re-ceive federal contracts. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule makes certain that our agencies have the in-formation about these violations they need to protect American workers and safeguard our tax dollars. It makes clear that companies who violate our landmark labor protections, who deny overtime pay or family leave, and who deny workers’ rights to organize are not rewarded for repeatedly flouting the law. It also ensures that workers who have been discriminated against or sexually harassed can have their day in court. They cannot be forced into arbitration. Our procurement laws already ask that tax dollars only go to responsible contractors, with ‘‘a satisfactory record of integrity’’. Serial labor law violators do not meet this test. What’s more, numerous studies have found that contractors with better compliance records also perform better. So let’s not brush around the edges; this is not about safeguarding tax dollars. This vote is about allowing labor abuses to go rewarded. I cannot stand for that. I urge my colleagues to vote no. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 74, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.039 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH916 February 2, 2017 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage will be fol-lowed by a 5-minute vote on passage of H.J. Res. 40. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 187, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 76] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—9 
Clark (MA) Hastings Jones Mulvaney Peterson Price, Tom (GA) Rush Walker Zinke 
b1556 Mr. D
EFAZIO changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. CORREA changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES REGARDING AMEND-MENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 428, RED RIVER GRADIENT BOUND-ARY SURVEY ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, this afternoon, the Rules Committee issued an announcement outlining the amend-ment process for H.R. 428, the Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act. The amendment deadline has been set for Monday, February 6, at 3 p.m. Amendments should be drafted to the bill as introduced and which can be found on the Rules Committee website. Mr. Speaker, please be advised, if there are any questions, Members may contact me or any member of the Rules Committee staff. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SOCIAL SECU-RITY ADMINISTRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 40) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration re-lating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, on which a recorded vote was ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 180, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 77] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.059 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H917 February 2, 2017 
Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Brooks (AL) Clark (MA) Davidson Frankel (FL) Hastings Jones LaMalfa Lynch Mulvaney Peterson Pingree Price, Tom (GA) Rush Torres Vela´zquez Walker Zinke b1607 So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO THE JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY AND THE JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Resolution 82, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Mis-sissippi? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 82 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. ELECTION OF MEMBERS TO JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY AND JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING. 
(a) J OINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE  L
IBRARY .—The following Members are here-by elected to the Joint Committee of Con-gress on the Library, to serve with the chair of the Committee on House Administration and the chair of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch of the Committee on Ap-propriations: (1) Mr. Loudermilk. (2) Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania. (3) Ms. Zoe Lofgren of California. (b) J
OINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING .—The following Members are hereby elected to the Joint Committee on Printing, to serve with the chair of the Committee on House Admin-istration: (1) Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois. (2) Mr. Walker. (3) Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania. (4) Mr. Raskin. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GROUNDHOG DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is a big day in the Fifth Congressional District of Penn-sylvania, specifically, in Punx-sutawney, Pennsylvania, as our most famous resident had his day in the sun, literally. Early this morning, Punxsutawney Phil, our weather-expert groundhog saw his shadow. For those of you who know the old German legend, this means that we are in for six more weeks of winter. Punxsy Phil has been forecasting the weather since the 1800s. He drinks a magical punch annually on February 2, which is an elixir of life that extends his life by 7 years. Crowds gathered on Gobbler’s Knob before sunrise today for the 131st cele-bration. While there are many wannabes, accept no substitution for the original prognosticator. The crowd chanted Phil’s name re-peatedly to awaken him, and then Phil, known in his hometown as the Seer of Seers, came to deliver the news. Records going back to 1887 show that Phil has forecasted a longer winter 103 times and an early spring just 18 times. Today in Punxsutawney it was a balmy 30 degrees, so don’t pack up your winter gear just yet. Phil says we have six more weeks. Happy Groundhog Day. f 
IMPACTS OF THE IMMIGRANT BAN (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to tell the story of how last week’s reckless and poorly imple-mented executive order indiscrimi-nately banning immigrants from seven countries directly impacted two Uni-versity of California, Santa Barbara graduate students in my district. My office was contacted by Hassan Arbabi, a Ph.D. student in mechanical engineering at UCSB. Hassan reached out to me on behalf of his girlfriend, Maryam Rasekh, who has also been ac-cepted into UCSB’s Ph.D. program for electrical engineering. Maryam, an Iranian citizen, left the United States to undergo the vetting process for her F–1 student visa in order to attend graduate school in Santa Barbara. For months, Maryam interviewed and underwent an exhaus-tive administrative immigration proc-ess. Maryam’s F–1 student visa was ap-proved on Friday, January 26, the same day the President signed his executive order banning all immigrants from Iran. The order prevented Maryam from returning to the United States to begin her studies. We have in place the strictest vetting process in the world. Banning immi-grants like Maryam from pursuing higher education degrees does not make us safer. It prevents people like Maryam from making important sci-entific advances and contributing to our Nation. 
f 
REMEMBERING THOMAS J. MAHONEY, JR. (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember Mr. Thom-as J. Mahoney, Jr. of Savannah, Geor-gia, a highly-respected local attorney and community leader. He passed away on January 20 at 80 years of age. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.027 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH918 February 2, 2017 
Mr. Mahoney graduated from Savan-nah’s Benedictine Military School in 1954 and earned his law degree from the University of South Carolina. In his first career after college, he worked as an FBI Special Agent in Chi-cago, Baltimore, and Washington. Dur-ing this time, Mr. Mahoney met the love of his life, Judy, with whom he had four children. After 2 years in the FBI, Mr. Mahoney returned to Savannah and joined the law firm Mahoney & Cole, P.C. Through his hard work and deter-mination, he worked up the ranks to become its president and CEO. He used his legal knowledge to make coastal Georgia a better place to live, serving as the Chatham County attor-ney, city attorney for Tybee Island, judge for Tybee Island, and assistant city attorney for Savannah. He also served as the special assistant attorney general for the Georgia Ports Author-ity since 1987, helping it to grow to its current, impressive size. Thank you, Mr. Mahoney, for every-thing you have done for the Savannah community. You will be missed. 
f 
b1615 VICTIMS OF SEX TRAFFICKING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, we all know that human trafficking is a major problem right here in the United States. It is happening in every one of our communities. This week, as millions of Americans gather to watch the Super Bowl, I would like to shine a light on another troubling fact, and that is that there is an increase in the human trafficking and sex trafficking in the days sur-rounding the Super Bowl. Last year, in a few weeks leading up to the Super Bowl event, the Santa Clara Sheriff’s Office identified 42 po-tential victims of sex trafficking dur-ing a series of stings and cited 30 addi-tional men for soliciting prostitution. The good news is, Mr. Speaker, we are drawing attention to this fact and working hard to end this heinous prac-tice. Next year, my home State of Min-nesota will be hosting the Super Bowl, and our host committee is already working hard in collaboration with Federal and local law enforcement, with government agencies, with advo-cacy groups and victims’ service orga-nizations to develop a comprehensive and coordinated plan to address the issue. That is because, Mr. Speaker, over the next year, we will continue to end the practice of human trafficking, working tirelessly, and this is a won-derful opportunity to showcase how we can have freedom from the ugliness of trafficking. 
f 
THIDWICK BOOKS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Thidwick Books is a small, 865-square- foot bookshop that has been in the same building since 1999, but now it is being forced to either close its doors forever or move away. Serial plaintiff Craig Yates has sued multiple other merchants, including Thidwick Books. He generally makes vague claims about the designs of re-tail stores and claims that they violate the Americans with Disabilities Act. These small businesses do not have the resources to contest unfounded lawsuits or, in many cases, even know what the alleged violations are. The businesses are told to either pay a set-tlement or get sued with further litiga-tion. Oftentimes, small businesses choose to pay the extortion rather than to defend the expensive, un-founded drive-by lawsuit. The bipartisan bill, the ADA Edu-cation and Reform Act of 2017, im-proves access to public accommoda-tions for the disability community while preventing well-meaning businessowners from falling victim to drive-by lawsuits. Mr. Speaker, the ADA was designed to improve access for the disabled, not to enrich unscrupulous lawyers and the plaintiffs. And that is just the way it is. f 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES PROTECTS SENIORS’ SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am thankful we have in the process here as elected officials the ability to hold ac-countable Federal agencies and new rules that will be made at midnight. I am speaking of legislation passed today to allow, in many cases, seniors who might see their Second Amend-ment rights limited or taken away by a last-minute rule that would require them to be turned in to the national background check system in this coun-try, thereby, because they might be on SSI or disability, losing their ability perhaps to own a firearm under their Second Amendment rights. The House of Representatives took steps today to ensure their ability to not be singled out because they might be in a particular system and assumed to be a risk—unlike anybody else. So we can do good work sometimes, and we do when we strike out for pro-tecting people’s rights. 
f 
SUPPORTING JUDGE NEIL GORSUCH’S NOMINATION TO U.S. SUPREME COURT (Mr. GARRETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support of the President’s selection of Neil Gorsuch as nominee to the United States Supreme Court. Mr. Speaker, it is my sincerest hope that the Members of this body and our body down at the other end of the building will recognize just what a wonderful selection Mr. Trump has made. In fact, candidly, Mr. Speaker, were it my selection, I probably would not pick someone who had clerked for lib-eral jurist Byron ‘‘Whizzer’’ White or the split vote on the Court, Anthony Kennedy. In fact, I wonder if the habits of the individuals in the Senate—who might have the opportunity to con-firm—to resist every single thing that comes across their desks these days might not, in fact, lead to a more con-servative nominee should Judge Gorsuch not be nominated. I would again commend Mr. Trump for this middle-of-the-road selection. I think he will maintain the balance on the Court that Mr. Kennedy has here today. I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are wise enough to un-derstand just what a benevolent and middle-of-the-road selection Mr. Gorsuch is. f 
LET US SHOW MERCY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, to-morrow is going to be a devastating day for so many. For decades, America has been engaged in resettling refu-gees. I remember the Vietnamese, the Iraqis, and the people from Afghani-stan. More importantly, I remember the excitement I had in visiting the Statue of Liberty and being reminded of what a great country this is. Tomorrow, with the 120-day suspen-sion, we will literally devastate refugee families, some of whom waited 10, 12, 15 years, who have sold all their goods and who are good people who want to come to this country, and, as well, their documents will expire. I am asking the administration to have mercy and to be as the Chaplain ordered us to do: to find our grounding in being able to be servants. I would ask that we not devastate these families causing them to com-pletely be derailed from moving toward being refugees in this country. No ter-rorist has been found in refugees. I believe it is crucial that we show mercy in the spirit of prayer, as in the prayer breakfast this morning. Let us show mercy. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR BLM METHANE RULE (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, late last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.065 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H919 February 2, 2017 
year, the Bureau of Land Management finalized its methane rule, which will reduce harmful emissions by curbing the wasteful venting, flaring, and leak-ing of natural gas. Not only is methane a potent green-house gas, but every cubic foot of gas that is wasted cheats New Mexican tax-payers out of precious royalty and tax payments which go toward public edu-cation, infrastructure, and community development programs. Considering that the Governor of New Mexico has proposed cutting money from school districts to close an estimated $70 mil-lion deficit, we simply cannot afford to let money disappear into thin air. Unfortunately, the House of Rep-resentatives is considering legislation that will not only rescind BLM’s meth-ane rule, but also prohibit the consid-eration of any similar rule to curb methane emissions and protect tax-payer interests ever again. I strongly support efforts to work with all stakeholders, especially small, independent producers who may, in fact, have difficulties implementing BLM’s new standards, but taking a sledgehammer to our Nation’s energy policy is irresponsible and counter-productive. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation and instead work to make this rule work for both producers and taxpayers alike. 
f 
NEW MEMBERS WORKING TOWARD A COMMON GOAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, it is good to be back on the floor. We have had a productive week so far. Things are moving along. We are doing exactly what we promised the Amer-ican people, and that is removing regu-latory burden, that is beginning to move toward an economy that looks after the needs of our communities— our moms, dads, aunts, uncles, and grandkids. They come together to know we are working toward a com-mon goal, and that is looking ahead and making sure that what we do is in the best interests of our neighbors and our communities. Today, I want to continue in what we started, Mr. Speaker, just a week or so ago. We are introducing the folks that the country has sent from our side to be Members here, to join myself and others, to take this fight from the ma-jority not only from their streets in the campaigns, but now onto the floor of the House. So this afternoon, we are going to start off with one of our new Members from New York’s 19th Congressional District, J
OHN FASO. I found out as I was looking through his background that J
OHNcomes from the same home-town as President Martin Van Buren and also our former colleague Chris Gibson, who was here for a while. I think if there is anything that sums up what I have heard from JOHN’s heart, it is the economic condition that we are in and the fact that our debts cannot continue to be sustained, and we have to put in good practices that not only take into account his dis-trict—which is a wonderful part of New York State—and the growing applica-tion there, but how we can take that all over the country. So with great pride, it is my privilege to introduce the newest Congressman from New York’s 19th Congressional District, J
OHNFASO, to tell us a little bit about why he is here and his vision for what we have. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO). Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that, and I appreciate the gentleman from Georgia’s hospitality in yielding the floor to me at this time. Mr. Speaker, indeed, I am privileged to represent the 19th Congressional District of New York State. This en-compasses a wide area of the mid-Hud-son Valley and the Catskill region. The district touches Vermont in the north-east corner and Pennsylvania in the southeast corner. We go out to Coop-erstown, and we have great local loca-tions like Woodstock. Many people are familiar with Woodstock, where the concert was supposed to be back in the late 1960s, but also where the concert occurred in Bethel, New York, in Sul-livan County. The district encompasses all or part of 11 counties. The gentleman from Georgia ref-erenced the fact that I have resided for the last 30, almost 34, years in Kinderhook, New York, the hometown of Martin Van Buren, our eighth Presi-dent. Our district also has within it the town of Hyde Park in Dutchess County, which is the home of a President who was extraordinarily well-known and recognized for his great contributions to our country, Franklin D. Roosevelt. I encourage people to come visit Hyde Park and the Roosevelt home and man-sion, and also Kinderhook. I would be remiss if I did not also mention that the 19th District has the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York, where I know a number of Members will be coming up later this year to play a game of baseball in a charitable fundraising event. Mr. Speaker, Mr. C
OLLINS had made reference to the economic condition. The economic condition in upstate New York is extremely difficult. Of the 11 counties in my district, for instance, all 11 have lost population in the last 5 years. What has happened is that peo-ple are leaving because of high local taxes and burdensome rules. These come not just from Albany, but also from Washington. This is one of the things that I think the people sent me here to Congress to work on. I ran on a platform of economic growth. We must get our economy moving, and we must get it moving fast and growing at rates that are not in the anemic 1.5 to 1.8 percent level, but up to 3, 3.5, and 4 percent if we are going to produce enough wealth and opportunity for our children and grand-children. Indeed, Mr. Speaker, we can-not allow this generation to leave to the next generation a country that is immeasurably poorer and less well off than the country that we were given by our parents and grandparents. I am privileged to serve on three committees here in Congress: the Budget Committee; the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where I am honored to serve as the vice chair-man of the Subcommittee on Rail-roads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials; and also the Committee on Agri-culture. All three of these committees are going to be vitally significant in terms of my tenure here in these 2 years of Congress, but also for the peo-ple of our district. Agriculture, we have a robust and growing agricultural economy. It is dairy, where a lot of dairy farmers are struggling with the low price of milk, but also fruits and vegetables. We have got a remarkable number of new pro-ducers—yogurt producers, cheese pro-ducers, and beef and pork producers— because we live only 125 to 150 miles away from the city of New York and the tremendous metropolitan area and the tremendous market that that en-tails. On the Agriculture Committee, I will be fighting hard to protect the inter-ests of our dairy community and small farmers and to make sure that we en-courage our young people to go into ag-riculture. I am pleased to soon support a measure which will encourage young people to go into agriculture. On the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, I mentioned the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee. Our district is blessed to have the beautiful Hudson Valley. The Hudson Valley—the Em-pire State corridor of Amtrak—is one of the busiest in the Nation. It is also one of the profit centers for Amtrak. Many, many people ride the train be-tween Albany and New York City on a daily basis, in fact. It is vitally impor-tant to our commerce and to our busi-ness interests in our district. We also have a number of freight rail facilities. I will be working closely with folks out in Otsego County and Oneonta for the project that they are looking at for their rail facility in that community. Lastly, as I mentioned, I serve on the Budget Committee. Just today, we heard a report from the Congressional Budget Office. The chief of the CBO came before us. He indicated that today we have almost $20 trillion of na-tional debt. b1630 That is just the on-the-books govern-ment national debt. He also said to us that within 10 years we are going to be facing another $10 trillion on top of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.067 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH920 February 2, 2017 
that. And $30 trillion, my colleagues, is not sustainable. It is, in essence, gener-ational theft. It is saying we would spend today our children’s and grand-children’s inheritance and that we are forcing, by borrowing way beyond our means, our children and grandchildren in the future to pay for our spending today. So this, indeed, is a crisis point. It is a crisis point for our country. It is a crisis point for every man, woman, and child in our Nation. In fact, if you look at the data, right now our national debt is the equivalent of about $60,000 for every man, woman, and child in America. We have to get this under control. The way to get it under control is we have to deal with growth. We have got to get economic growth. Smart tax and regulatory changes can help us spur the private sector economy to grow this economy, to create more opportunity, to create more wealth and jobs for our families all across the Nation, but particularly, from my vantage point, in upstate New York. But we also need to take a hard look at reforming entitlement programs. There is precedent for doing this. President Ronald Reagan, Tip O’Neill, the great former Senator from New York State Daniel Patrick Moynihan, and others came together in the early eighties and fixed the Social Security financing problem for over 40 years. Well, the timeline for fixing that prob-lem is running out. I encourage people at home and citi-zens all across this country, pull out your Social Security earnings state-ment. Pull out that statement that the Social Security Administration sends to you each year. If you look at it closely, it will say that, in 2034, just a mere 17 or 18 years from now, Social Security can only pay approximately 75 or 76 percent of the promised bene-fits. We have it in our capacity to fix this problem to assure that all the seniors are taken care of and that those close and near retirement will not be af-fected. But we also have to reform the system so that our children and grand-children have the prospect of some-thing there for them in the future. We cannot, again, be the generation to leave our kids and our grandchildren holding the bag with a country less wealthy, with less opportunity than the country that our parents and grandparents gave to us. So I am really pleased to have this opportunity to come before the House today. I am very happy that Mr. C
OL-
LINS has, with his wisdom and experi-ence here in the House, afforded us this opportunity to come here and describe what is going on in our district, why we came here, what we want to do, and what we hope to accomplish over the next 2 years. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, one of the reasons we do this—and I think Congressman F
ASOactually men-tioned this—is what we forget so many times is we come in here, and we are grouped together as 435, but, the re-ality is, we all come from our indi-vidual districts. Listening to the gentleman’s story, listening to why he came, that is what keeps us grounded. This is the wonder-ful hallowed halls for us to remember all the history that has been here, but, when we come here, you bring that per-sonal story. And that is what the vot-ers elected you to do. Again, it is a pretty amazing district. I am learning about a lot of districts. When you have the area of Woodstock and Cooperstown in the same district, that is pretty cool. I appreciate the gentleman being here, and I am looking forward to his service. Mr. FASO. Well, I look forward to working with the gentleman from Georgia, and I look forward to working with all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to try to fix what is wrong with our country today, to improve on what we already have, and to create a sustainable future for all Americans. This is why I ran, and that is why I am here. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for the opportunity to come before the House to speak with him today. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. We are very glad to have the gentleman here. Mr. Speaker, as we go along, you have seen one great new Member from New York’s 19th District, but then there is also a new Member who comes from the Big First out in Kansas. He is a doctor. He has been married for 32 years and has four children. I think the coolest thing about this is we talk about a culture of life. For me, it is not just a life issue of getting up every day. I believe that you take every day as a gift that has been given to you, and you grasp and you take that joy. But life has to start. For a doctor who delivers 5,000 babies, it is pretty cool to see that life, as a hus-band who has been there. He has talked about his greatest role as a husband and father. That is mine and, I think, Mr. Speaker, as most, as we look at this. Seeing my kids come in was a special time. To know what that means in the life of a family, Dr. Marshall brings that personal touch to the House. He brings that personal touch from the Midwest. Mr. Speaker, you do know I am in the Air Force Reserve. Mr. Speaker un-derstands that very well. Also, I will say that he served as well in our once- parent operation, the Army Reserve. It is good to have him here. That military background also gives us a new per-spective because our world is not a safe place, and we need to understand what we are going through. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Big First, the First District of Kansas, Dr. ROGER MARSHALL . Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for Georgia for yielding. I am so proud to be here today. Be-fore I talk about my district, I just want to say thanks to my fellow fresh-man class. I am so grateful to be part of the freshman class of the 115th Con-gress—a freshman class that includes 10 Members with military experience, a sheriff’s officer, an FBI agent, two phy-sicians, a dentist, and the rest of the class being mostly businessmen and businesswomen full of real-life experi-ences, which helps us solve problems with some little common sense. As my family and I traveled our dis-trict of Kansas this last 2 years, trav-eling 30,000 miles, they constantly identified the three common problems. They were concerned about the econ-omy, national security, and health care. The first 2 years of those travels, I listened a lot. The last 6 months, I fo-cused on solutions. I thought I would share today some of the common solu-tions that my classmates and I have talked about, as well as my constitu-ents back home. First of all, as far as the economy goes, the number one problem with the economy is government overregula-tion. Overregulation creates uncer-tainty and consolidation. When there is uncertainty, businesses don’t grow; they don’t invest. The overregulation creates consoli-dations. So instead of having three or four community banks in town, con-solidation forces there to be only one bank. Oftentimes, those single banks no longer even make bank loans to peo-ple from their own community. Con-solidation has occurred in hospitals and with physician practices as well, all too often. I am so proud to stand up here today and hear that the Senate also approved one of the laws we have passed repeal-ing regulations. We think, as we go down this path, repealing regulation will be a continued path for small busi-nesses to grow. That is where 80 per-cent of our future job growth is going to come from: small businesses. It is hard to believe, when I talk about national security, that men and women who live 1,300 miles inland from the nearest ocean, separated by moun-tains and rivers, are concerned about their own safety. It is hard to imagine that before there was the Paris massacre or San Bernardino or Orlando that my con-stituents in Kansas were concerned about national security. I stand beside our President in making our border se-cure and working through immigration and refugee issues to make our Nation more secure. We think that is vitally important, and that is one of the rea-sons we elected this President and many, many people from my class as well. Lastly, I want to talk about health care, something very near and dear to my heart. For the past 6 years, I have lived the nightmare of ObamaCare. It has caused many, many physicians I know to quit, to give it up. ObamaCare has reduced us to data entry positions rather than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.069 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H921 February 2, 2017 
physicians who can listen and develop their clinical skills as we try to work with patients to solve their healthcare problems. ObamaCare has led to consolidation of physician practices. It has led to high prices as well for insurance prod-ucts. It has led to $12,000 deductibles for most families. It is no longer af-fordable. It is like having no insurance at all. Eighty percent of Americans are not happy with the Affordable Care Act, but I want to assure the American pub-lic and my constituents that, for every 5 seconds I have spent thinking about repeal, I have spent 5 days thinking about replace. Though quite often the press wants to talk about this as two separate books, this is one book in my life—a book of repealing and replacing as quickly and efficiently as possible. I want to assure all my constituents back home that, if you are on an ObamaCare product right now, we are not pushing you off any cliff. We are going to give you a period of transition where you can have a truly affordable healthcare product that works for you without a $6,000 or $12,000 deductible. We are a party of solutions. If you will look at Dr. P
RICE’s bills he sub-mitted the last 6 years, you will see great alternatives and solutions that the party has presented. We do think there are good solutions out there. Speaking of Dr. P
RICE, I can’t help but just stop and say we need to ap-prove him, confirm him as quickly as possible. Dr. P
RICE is a physician, an orthopedic surgeon from Georgia, who has served Congress in multiple ways, including leading the Budget Com-mittee. I have not met a man I would rather have serve as the Secretary of HHS than Dr. T
OMPRICE, a mentor to me— a mentor to many of us—a kind man, a Godly man, a person who cares about patients, who understands health care, but he also understands government. Before we can take many more steps with health care, we need someone in that position. I believe with all my heart that Dr. P
RICE will do a great job. I look forward to continuing my next several weeks here working with the freshmen, working with the rest of Congress. We are so optimistic. We think that great days are ahead of us. I am going to close with a memory today that I will have forever of going to the National Prayer Breakfast. I have had the privilege of going to many, many events, but this may have been the greatest event I ever attended in my life to see men and women, lead-ers across the world, praying for our President, praying for our Vice Presi-dent. I am just thrilled to be a part of this. I am proud to turn this country back in a positive direction. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It is good to have Dr. M
ARSHALL here and be a part of bringing that vitality of some-one in the health field, knowing and understanding that relationship be-tween the patient and the doctor and finding the best way so that all can have that access. I think that is what we see. He ended with something, and I will sort of end with that: the prayer break-fast. From my background as not only an Air Force chaplain but also a pastor for over 11 years, we can have disagree-ments. And we are going to have dis-agreements. But what I have found is, when you pray for each other, you can have disagreements, but you can’t be mad. I think that is what we have got to do as a country is we have our dis-agreements and we move forward and we look for what is best for the individ-uals and not best for what is this gov-ernment. I think that is what you brought to the table today and talked about, that passion to get it back to the individual who looks to Washington, knows it is there, and doing what the Constitution said, but not overreaching into the areas of their life that take them away from the things they want to do. So I appreciate the gentleman’s serv-ice. I appreciate him being here. It is going to be great as we go forward. Mr. Speaker, we have gotten a fast start. There are some things going on where we are doing what we promised. I had an interview just the other day, and the reporter asked me the ques-tion: Well, what do you think about X? They named off like two or three things. I said: What is surprising right now to many folks who have reported on this place for so long is the fact that things are getting done and being promised to get done, and they are hap-pening. Mr. Speaker, that is what we are sent here for. And as we see that through the regulatory issues we have been dealing with this week, we are going to deal with again next week, and as we look ahead to the battles of repealing and putting together access to afford-able health care for all Americans and not doing the scare tactics and not doing the straw man and not trying to push anybody off a cliff but saying: let’s talk about this together; let’s lis-ten and work together, as opposed to the way it was done. Then, we look into tax reform. We look into energy development. It is a time in America to be smiling. It is a time when we can look around and the rest of the world is saying: that is the country that we know. That is the shining light that we know. That is the place that the world looks to. Because we are the freest country in the world, and we gave our spirit to others. b1645 So it is exciting for me, as part of my work for the Republican Conference, to bring the freshman Members up here to let them tell about their areas. And as we do so, it just shows you, I believe, that America, in many of these dis-tricts, saw promise. And we are looking forward to continuing with our new Members and continuing to introduce them over the next weeks. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a joint resolution of the House of the following title: 
H.J. Res. 38. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of In-terior known as the Stream Protection Rule. 
The message also announced that pursuant to sections 42 and 43 of title 20, United States Code, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, re-ap-points the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Leahy) as a member of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
f 
RUSSIAN AGGRESSION AGAINST UKRAINE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the day after our new President spoke to the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, we saw a surge in Russian aggression and attacks in eastern Ukraine. Every American must realize, Russia is test-ing our new administration’s resolve to stand up for liberty. Since Russia invaded Crimea in Feb-ruary 2014, 10,000 innocent Ukrainians have been killed by Russian aggression, and this has increased over the past week. Dozens more have been dis-placed—17,000, in fact. These actions violated the 1994 Buda-pest Memorandum on Security Assur-ances that stated: the Russian Federa-tion would respect the independent sovereignty and existing borders of Ukraine. Russia’s new aggression is another step in its campaign to undermine the democratic order that has existed in our Transatlantic Alliance since the end of World War II and cold war. America must stand up for the people of Ukraine and our European alliances and denounce the actions of President Putin. We have to stand up or we face— Russia will face condemnation by the world community. Russia should with-draw her heavy weapons from that re-gion. They should stop financing sepa-ratists. They should allow repairs for critical infrastructure and fulfill all of their agreements under the Minsk ac-cords. What is happening is a global shame. 
f 
THE AMERICAN PHILOSOPHY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.070 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH922 February 2, 2017 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I am de-lighted to be here with my colleague P
RAMILA JAYAPAL from Seattle, Wash-ington. We wanted to talk about what has been happening over the last week with the executive orders on immigra-tion and asylum that have taken place, and we want to try to take a broad per-spective on this; to put it in some his-torical, legal and constitutional con-text; and then also to talk very specifi-cally about the executive orders and what has been taking place with them in different parts of the country; and about the multiple Federal judicial rul-ings imposing injunctions on enforce-ment of those orders. But I wanted to begin, actually, by stepping back from the heat of the cur-rent crisis and looking, instead, at the idea of America. Well, what is the idea of America? America was created, as the great Tom Paine said, as a haven of refuge for peo-ple fleeing political and religious re-pression from all around the world. Remember the radicalism of the American Revolution and our Declara-tion of Independence and our Constitu-tion. We were the first Nation on Earth conceived in revolutionary insurgency against monarchy, dictatorship, autoc-racy, theocracy, and the merger of church and State. The American colonists were rebel-ling against, not just the king and all of the whimsical depredations and abuses of the crown, but also against centuries of religious warfare in Eu-rope between the Protestants and the Catholics, holy inquisition, holy cru-sades, witchcraft trials, endless wars between the Catholics and the Protes-tants. Our forefathers and foremothers wanted to break from that history and put into our Constitution the separa-tion of church and State—as Jefferson called it, the wall of separation be-tween church and State, the establish-ment clause, the idea of free exercise of religion, freedom of speech, the right to petition for redress of grievances, the right of people to assemble, free-dom of thought, freedom of conscience in the United States. But it would be a land that would be open to people who were fleeing authoritarianism, who were trying to get away from repressive regimes, and kings, and monarchs, and princes, and tyrants, and dictators, and despots ev-erywhere. That was the idea behind America. Well, then in this Presidential cam-paign, then candidate Donald Trump said that he wanted to impose a Mus-lim ban, a ban on Muslims coming to America, which would cause our fore-fathers and foremothers to turn over in their graves to hear that somebody running for President of the United States wanted to impose a ban on the immigration of people based on their religious faith, in a country that was designed on the principle of free exer-cise of religion, designed on the prin-ciple of no establishment of religion, designed on the principle of no reli-gious tests for public office or political participation that suddenly we would say we are not going to accept people— in the 21st century—based on their reli-gious heritage. And of course, anybody can make up their religion anyway. Anybody can say what they are. So it is as futile and as silly as it is anathema and apathetical to our basic constitutional ideals. Well, that Muslim ban has, in its bi-zarre way, become law now in the United States of America. The Presi-dent issued an executive order as one of his first actions on people coming to our country from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen, those seven countries. And we have got to interrogate what exactly the logic of this is. The President and his chief strate-gists of the alt-right, named Steve Bannon, have defended this order on the grounds of national security. The idea is that somehow we are defending the national security and the defense by banning people from those coun-tries. All right, we all support national se-curity. If that would advance our na-tional security, it is something we should look at. Well, what is the evidence that that is going to benefit our national secu-rity? Our country now is no stranger to terror and to terrorism. All of us re-member that shocking, fateful day, 9/ 11, back in 2001, when America changed forever. Those 19 hijackers came from three countries. And which three countries on this list of seven did they come from? None of them. Those hijackers came from Saudi Arabia. The over-whelming majority of them came from Saudi Arabia, then Egypt then United Arab Emirates. None of those three countries is on this list of seven. Why not? Well, a cou-ple of different theories are out there. One is that President Trump has busi-ness interests in those countries. He is doing business with corporations in Saudi Arabia, in Egypt, and in the United Arab Emirates. So that is one leading theory that is out there. The other is that these are rich and power-ful countries. So despite the fact that they were the lead exporters from this prism of terrorist hijackers to the United States, they get a pass. And instead, we pick on Yemen, and Somalia, and Iraq—our presumed ally— that another Republican President sunk hundreds of billions of dollars into waging a war based on the mythol-ogy that there were weapons of mass destruction in that country, but now they are on our side. Yet, we have im-posed a ban of people coming in as refu-gees from Iraq. But Saudi Arabia gets a pass; Egypt gets a pass; United Arab Emirates gets a pass because they are on the rich side. So what exactly do these seven coun-tries have in common if it doesn’t have anything to do with our national secu-rity? Because if you look at the other terrorist events that have taken place in our country, for example, the Boston Marathon bombers, those young men who were implicated in that crime against the people of the city of Boston and the people of the United States came from Russia originally. Is there a ban on Russia being im-posed here? Quite the contrary. Earlier today, President Trump relaxed sanc-tions on Russia, made it easier for American businesses to export infor-mation technology to Russian compa-nies, according to news reports. I haven’t seen the exact order yet, but there is an executive order that is lessening sanctions on Russia, despite the fact that two of the most infamous terrorists against the United States originally came from there. So what do those seven countries have in common? Well, they are all Muslim countries. They are poor Muslim countries. They are poor Muslim countries that Donald Trump doesn’t do business with. And so maybe that is it. Maybe the idea is, we are going to wage a worldwide war on the poorest, most vulnerable Muslim countries, even if they don’t pose any special threat to us, because that will conform to Steve Bannon’s ideological world view of a major contest between the Christian west and radical Islamic terror. I think that would be it. But Presi-dent Trump, of course, puts his busi-ness interests even above the racism and White nationalism of Steve Bannon, because the business interests have to come first in all cases. So that is the best that we can make of what has been imposed on the coun-try, an Orwellian policy imposed with Kafkaesque incompetence all over the United States of America. So the air-ports are in an uproar, families have been dislocated, children agonized over the situation, panic spreading across America. And part of me wants to think, well, this is just the misfortunes of a beginning President. Maybe this is part of a design by Steve Bannon who has proclaimed himself a Leninist who wants to tear the system down, tear the government down; to start over again. Maybe that is what is going on. Who knows? But all of this brings us back to the emoluments clause. Now the emoluments clause, Article I, section 9, clause 8 of the Constitution was in-serted by our great Founders because they feared foreign monetary domi-nance of the United States Govern-ment. They knew that kings and princes, dictators and despots, traitors and sab-oteurs all over the place would try to use their money to compromise the in-tegrity of Republican government, Re-publican democracy. Remember, we were trying some-thing new here, what our great Repub-lican President Abraham Lincoln would later come to call the ‘‘govern-ment of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.073 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H923 February 2, 2017 
That was the experiment that we launched then, and they knew that there was a basic problem, which is, the room will not hold all. We can’t have a New England town meeting every time we need to make a decision, so we have got to elect people to go be our Governors. But when you elect them, now you have got an agent. And the problem all of you lawyers know out there—in principal agent law—is how do you make sure the agent actually serves the client rather than the interests of the agent himself or herself? And the Founders understood that, and they were afraid that the people who we elected might go to Wash-ington and be corrupted by foreign money, by all of the diplomats and spies running around offering gifts, and gold, and snuffboxes, and diamonds, and so on. And so what they said was that no official in our government, no official could accept any gifts, or emol-ument, any payment of any kind at all from a foreign government, a king, a prince, or a foreign government. No foreign payments. And that is something that has been observed scrupulously for more than two centuries by our Presidents. No-body has even come close to the line of violating that. When Benjamin Franklin was Ambas-sador to France, he received a snuffbox from the people of France. He came back, and he brought it to Congress and asked Congress to approve, because it is up to this body to decide whether or not a foreign payment is acceptable or not. And Congress said: Mr. Franklin, be-cause of your extraordinary reputation for integrity, for decency, and for hon-esty, we understand you have not been compromised by that snuffbox, and it is just a snuffbox, and you can keep it. But today, what we have got now is a President who has hundreds of millions of dollars of interest all over the world—in Russia, in the Philippines— millions of dollars of loans from the Government of China, the Trump Hotel, which is renting out banquet rooms, dining halls, floors, hotel rooms, to foreign governments and em-bassies from all over the world who come here to try to influence our gov-ernment. And what do we hear about the emoluments clause? Has the President come to ask us whether or not we ap-prove of these arrangements? Nothing. Nothing has happened. Is it affecting policy? Every single day. And I come back—before I turn it over to my colleague—to what we are talking about, which is these executive orders which have this very bizarre quality, my fellow Americans. b1700 They apply to poor Muslim countries where Donald Trump has no business interests. These executive orders don’t apply to Saudi Arabia, they don’t apply to Egypt, they don’t apply to the United Arab Emirates, they don’t apply to any of the countries where Trump Industries has business. That is precisely why the Founders put in the emoluments clause. I know it is a bit of a mouthful, but every American has got to learn to say it. All it means is payments. This is the foreign bribery clause in our Constitution. These terrible immigration orders, which have created chaos and pande-monium across the land, are a perfect demonstration of why we need to en-force the emoluments clause and why this President needs to divest himself immediately of all these foreign con-cerns, or this Congress must hear the appeals that are coming from our side of the aisle and must listen to the fact that these payments that are being re-ceived on a daily basis by the President are a threat to the American constitu-tional order. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), my good friend and col-league from Seattle, Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ), my friend and colleague, and I thank my other colleagues also who are here today to shine a light on the abuses that happened last week and last weekend with the executive order that was passed and signed into law by this President. Mr. Speaker, this order is in direct contrast with the values that this country was built on: foremost, to be a refuge. That is how so many people in the history of this country have come here. Instead, our President has chosen to close the doors on people who are fleeing violence in their home coun-tries, and it is based on their religion. This ban is discrimination in its purest form. It does not make us safer. In fact, Mr. Speaker, I believe that doing what we did has actually put fod-der into the hands of those who really do wish to do us harm by being able to say that America hates Muslims, that America hates Islam, and that America hates immigrants and refugees, none of which is true to the history and the founding of this country. The reality, Mr. Speaker, is that the International Rescue Committee has said that it is more challenging for ref-ugees to get into the United States than anyone else. They are the most heavily vetted group there is. As you can see here, there are 20 steps in-volved in the process, and those who do get approved have been through the most rigorous background checks, fingerprinting, and questioning. Instead of making us safer, this ban is simply throwing people into chaos. Many of us over this last weekend went to our airports across the country— Dulles; New York; Seattle, Wash-ington, my hometown. We were called to the airport because there was chaos that erupted across the country, chaos that erupted at the airports, because people who had legal documents to come to the United States were coming in and being told that the executive order meant that they no longer could actually stay here in this country. Mr. President, what happened then for me, when I went to the Sea-Tac Airport at 1 in the afternoon on Satur-day, I found a Somali family who had been waiting, a U.S. citizen woman who had been waiting to be reunited with her husband. She believed that fi-nally she was going to get to hold him in her arms. Instead, Mr. Speaker, what happened is that he was put on a plane and sent back to Heathrow, but perhaps somewhere else. We were not given any information about what was going to happen to that gentleman. We found out that there were two ad-ditional individuals who were already put on a plane ready to be deported. We, along with the ACLU, the North-west Immigrant Rights Project, and our governor, were able to file for a temporary restraining order. We were able to take that restraining order on our phone to the plane and say: Stop this plane. That literally, Mr. Speaker, is how we were able to get those two people off of the plane. We were able to then get them legal counsel after much intervention. Mr. Speaker, it should not be this way. This is a country that was built by immigrants. It is a country that has welcomed people from across the world to come here as a refuge, as a sanc-tuary. My State of Washington is one of the top States in the country for ref-ugee resettlement. The reality is we are destroying the very principles of compassion, of humanity, of being a refuge, of building this country with immigrants and refugees. Literally thousands of people came to the airport to say: We welcome refu-gees; we welcome immigrants. This is not the America that we know and love. We are better than this. This is not the first time I have had to fight against these illegal deporta-tions. After 9/11, we had similar situa-tions, not as bad as this, but we had the National Security Entry-Exit Reg-istration System, NSEERS. It required that men from 25 Muslim and Arab countries were going to be fingerprinted and registered. This was under the Bush administration. At the time, Attorney General John Ashcroft said: You are either with the terrorists or you are with us. That is a false choice, Mr. Speaker. The reality is that security and liberty do not oppose each other. They go hand in hand, and we cannot sacrifice one for the sake of the other. Mr. Speaker, we were able to fight that, and we finally did end that spe-cial registration program, but now here we are again. We know the shame of history when we have not been on the right side of it. We know that in 1942, 125,000 Americans of Japanese ancestry were put into internment camps, and it took us a very long time to come back and apologize. Mr. Speaker, when we did, we said we will never do that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.074 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH924 February 2, 2017 
again. Yet, here we are for the first time again instituting a religious test as to who can get into this country. Let us be clear that it is a Muslim ban. It does not mean that every single Muslim country necessarily has been targeted yet. But what it does mean is that Muslims are being scrutinized in a different way simply for being Muslim. A constituent of mine called my of-fice this week to tell me another very disturbing story, and she told me that I could tell it here on the floor. She was passing through immigration into Houston on her way back home from Seattle. Dr. Angelina Godoy was trav-eling back from Central America where she was doing research. She is a U.S. citizen. She said she was so alarmed by what happened to her that she wanted to call and get it on the record. Angelina is a human rights professor and she has traveled through immigra-tion many times. This was the first time she said she had experienced any-thing like this. Her immigration offi-cer asked her about her political views. When she said that she was deeply con-cerned about the President’s actions, he asked her why she wasn’t concerned with all the refugees that were flooding into our borders. And he used that word ‘‘flooding.’’ When she said she didn’t think that they were flooding in, he told her that she can’t tell him that based on the fake news she is seeing on television. Mr. Speaker, this is incredibly dis-turbing. Are we going to now check the views of every U.S. citizen who is com-ing into the our borders to see whether they agree with these executive orders or not? Well, I am here to tell you that it may be the thought that fear and pa-triotism together is the way to sup-press dissent. We will not be suppressed with fighting for the very values that make us great. In cities around the country, what gives me hope is that people stood up to stand up against this hatred. The Muslim ban is unconstitutional, and we are standing here today to demand that it be repealed. You can see here the chart that I re-ferred to earlier. There are 20 steps that you must go through in order to be screened. Syrian refugees are prob-ably the most screened individuals in our country today. And there are 5 mil-lion Syrian refugees who are pouring out of the country. Mr. Speaker, this is not a time to turn our backs on them. This is a time to make sure that we are taking care of the women, the children, the fami-lies, the majority of refugees to this country who are women and children and families. The majority who have family members here that they are waiting to be reunited with, that is who we are talking about, Mr. Speaker. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) and the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) for their tremendous leadership. They have hit the ground running here in Congress in defense of our Nation’s immigrants and refugees and for all who just seek to live the American Dream. So thank you very much for your leadership and for call-ing us together tonight. Mr. Speaker, in his first week as President, Donald Trump issued an ex-ecutive order essentially banning im-migrants and refugees from the United States on the basis of religion. This ac-tion effectively shuts our gates to some of the most vulnerable people in the world fleeing danger and death. This ban flies in the face of our fun-damental values as Americans. It is, yes, morally reprehensible and will only serve to make the United States less safe. This executive order is also a direct threat to our national security. Banning Muslim immigrants and refu-gees only fuels ISIS propaganda by pro-moting the false idea that the United States is at war with Islam. This half-way ban is felt in our communities across the Nation. In my district, one Iranian student at the University of California, Berkeley was not allowed to board the plane to return to the United States. She is now forced to withdraw from the semester. This is a disgrace. Mr. Speaker, this Nation is and has been and will always be a Nation of im-migrants. This ban and this President and his executive orders do not reflect our values. This is not who we are. As the President’s divisive ban was implemented, we witnessed thousands of Americans bring what I call ‘‘street heat.’’ Men, women, and children across the country stood up to the President and declared with one voice: Not on our watch. These protests, the voice of the American people, give me hope. If we stand together and resist, we will pre-vail. While the President continues his at-tack on immigrants, refugees, and Muslims, I vow to stand up for our communities with my colleagues with a clear message saying once again: This is not who we are. This Muslim ban is hateful, it is unconstitutional, and it is downright wrong. Finally, let me just say that Feb-ruary is Black History Month. As an African American woman, I am re-minded of the bans and exclusions of African Americans and my ancestors and the legacy of slavery where my an-cestors were brought here in chains, built this country, and continued to fight for freedom and justice. As an Af-rican American, there is no way I can tolerate any ban on anyone seeking refuge in this great country. Finally, and in conclusion, as a mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee, I just want to say that I am going to fight tooth and nail to prevent funding for these misguided anti-immigrant and anti-refugee policies. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N). Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, last Saturday night, I was at Los Angeles International Airport. I went out to show unity and stand with those that stand against this ban. I think it is wrong. I think it is unconstitutional and unAmerican. But what I saw there was startling. I want to tell you the story of Fatema. Fatema is a legal permanent resident. She got a notice in the mail that she was about to be sworn in to become a U.S. citizen on February 13. She was traveling with her 1-year-old son who is an American citizen. She was the victim and was being detained. Reports from lawyers on the ground were that she was being pressured to sign away her right to be a legal per-manent resident right after they had sent somebody back, a student, who had a visa to be here. b1715 I was there, along with one of my col-leagues, J
UDY CHU, fighting, trying to get to the detainee to make sure that she had access to an attorney. I asked to go to CBC, the Customs and Border Protection. Conveniently, they were shut down. They had closed the office. So I asked somebody: Can you walk me down to the arrivals so I could talk to somebody? They wouldn’t do it. I got a tele-phone number. I called. None of my questions were answered. They wouldn’t answer a single question: Were any of my constituents being de-tained? Could I get a lawyer to some-body? They wouldn’t even say yes or no. All I was told was I had to call this Wash-ington, D.C., number—a 202 number. Now, it was Saturday night. It was 7 p.m. on the Pacific Coast. I called. I left a message, asking for a return call. I didn’t get one. I de-manded, with my colleague, that we get a briefing privately, behind closed doors, outside the press. We didn’t get one. As a matter of fact, when I called back, I asked: Who is your manager? Who are you answering to? She said: The President. Oh. You have talked to Donald Trump? It was really disturbing. And then she hung up on me—and I am a Member of the United States Congress. I couldn’t get any answers to try to pro-tect the very constituents that we fight for, the constituents whom we represent. It was very disturbing. These immigration orders are unset-tling, but they are also a disservice to the Customs and Border Protection when you don’t give a heads-up, when you don’t have a warning on how things are going to be carried out. This led to mass confusion not just at LAX, but at airports across the country. I hear often that this affected just a small number of travelers, but it af-fected a lot more than that. We saw the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.076 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H925 February 2, 2017 
masses of people coming out. We saw lawyers who had to go down there and give their time. A shout-out to the ACLU and to the attorneys at public counsel and to so many other attor-neys who went down there and gave their evenings, their time, and who have been standing up and fighting for people in court to get people to come back. Just today, at Los Angeles Inter-national Airport, there was a press conference held to welcome back the one person who was allowed to come back—an Iranian citizen who was de-ported and sent back, who was forcibly removed on Friday night even though he had a legal right to be here. Hope-fully we are going to hear more of these stories, but it shouldn’t be that way. People should not show up at the airport and get on a flight in a country in which they have a right to be just to have to turn around and be sent back after being detained for hours on end. This isn’t right. As a Member of Congress, I will work to ensure that the Federal Government obeys the Constitution, respects our history as a nation of immigrants, and does not unlawfully target anyone be-cause of one’s national origin or faith. Mr. RASKIN. I thank the gentle-woman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished Congresswoman from New York, Y
VETTE CLARKE . Ms. CLARKE of New York. I thank the gentleman from Maryland and the gentlewoman from Washington State for hosting this very important Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my out-rage over Donald Trump’s unconscion-able, ill-conceived, horribly executed and implemented executive order that limits Muslim immigration and travel into the United States. This order is an appalling affront to American interests. It is contrary to our ideals and values as a nation, and it flies in the face of our history and the core conviction of freedom from re-ligious persecution that this Nation was built upon. It provides the fuel to our enemies and makes a mockery of our democracy and Constitution. Most importantly, it tears families apart by prohibiting people with valid travel documents from entering the country. I saw this firsthand on Saturday when I visited JFK International Air-port to witness the needless chaos and confusion that this order has created. One person who lives in my district who has been affected by this order is Dr. Kamal Fadlalla. Dr. Fadlalla is a Sudanese hospital resident in Brook-lyn, New York. He is trained to save lives, not to take them. Yet, due to Donald Trump’s egregious executive order, Dr. Fadlalla has been prevented from returning back to the United States to help heal our sick and save lives. There is no justification for this shameful order, and it is no wonder that the Acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, risked her job and reputa-tion rather than act as Donald Trump’s enforcer. I commend Ms. Yates for her personal integrity and fidelity to our Constitution. Ironically enough, during her confirmation hearing, it was Don-ald Trump’s own nominee for Attorney General who suggested that Ms. Yates maintain the integrity of the Depart-ment of Justice at all times and that she must refuse to enforce orders that were unconstitutional. This week, Ms. Yates made good on her answer to Sen-ator SESSIONS and upheld her oath to faithfully uphold our Constitution. For these reasons, I will proudly in-troduce a resolution that commends Ms. Yates for her act of moral courage and for her adherence to the dictates of the United States Constitution. I call on all of my colleagues to sign on to this resolution and for House leader-ship to schedule a vote to commend Ms. Yates. Most importantly, though, I call on Donald Trump to rescind this egregious order that harms our econ-omy, that contravenes our values, and that endangers our national security. I thank the gentleman and gentle-woman for yielding. Mr. RASKIN. I thank the Congress-woman for her comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished Congressman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. I thank Congressman R
ASKIN , and I thank Congresswoman J
AYAPAL . Mr. Speaker, the truth is that the House of Representatives has tremen-dously benefited by these two awesome freshmen who have come in here like gangbusters. I am sure that my class-mate and friend of many years from New York, Ms. Y
VETTE CLARKE , will agree with me that we are always try-ing to welcome these folks who have come straight off the campaign trail, because you really know how people are feeling when they come straight off the campaign trail—fresh. I am sure the Congressman from Rhode Island, D
AVID CICILLINE , agrees. The people of this country are fun-damentally fair folks. Our countrymen and -women believe that everybody ought to be treated with dignity and respect. Yes, we believe that we have to have an economy that works for ev-erybody. Absolutely true. We also be-lieve that people should be treated based on their behavior, based on who they are, based on what they bring, not based on their race, their sex, their gender, their religion. In fact, this idea is enshrined in the Constitution. The first clause of the First Amend-ment reads: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.’’ Later on in the Constitution, it reads that Congress shall not impose any religious test for participating— serving—in public office. In America, you don’t have to have one religious belief or another. In America, you can be a Christian, a Muslim, a Jew, a Hindu, or of no faith whatsoever. You can be Baptist; you can be Methodist; you can be whatever you want to be. That is up to you, and it is a private matter. Americans basi-cally understand that this is right be-cause the Framers of the Constitution, people like Thomas Jefferson and oth-ers, looked over at some of the Colo-nies and even looked at some of the conflicts in Europe and said that we don’t need to be mixed up—fighting— with each other over religion. Now, the Framers got a lot of things wrong. They got women’s rights wrong; they got race wrong; they got Native American rights wrong. There were many things that they needed to cor-rect in this Nation. As the great Thurgood Marshall said, we were defective from the start, and we needed to have civil wars and civil rights movements and other move-ments to make this country the coun-try that it is today. Yet one thing we did decently in the beginning is with regard to religious freedom—until now. Donald Trump is introducing a religious test for whether or not people can be a part of this American story. Donald Trump claims: Oh, I don’t have a Muslim ban. Wait a minute, President Trump. Wasn’t it you who, on December 7, 2015, said that you were calling for a ban on all Muslims who enter into the United States? Wasn’t it you who said it mul-tiple times throughout your campaign? Didn’t you say you wanted to have a Muslim database for all of the Muslims who were in the country? Didn’t you say you wanted to shutter mosques? You said these things, and now, all of a sudden, you are shy about saying that you are running a Muslim ban. These people who say, oh, it is not a Muslim ban surprise me because I am, like, I thought you all were proud of it. I thought you were bragging about it. I thought it was how you rode your way into office—by appealing to people’s fears and trying to whip up hostility among different Americans of different faiths and traditions. Yet now, all of a sudden, you are shy about saying what you are doing, which is a Muslim ban. Yes, it is a Muslim ban. Just because it doesn’t ban every Muslim everywhere does not mean that the people who are banned are not banned because they are Muslim. That is exactly why they are banned. That is why they are banned. He was asked on a TV program: Would you give preferential treatment to people of another faith? He said: Yes, I would give pref-erential treatment to another faith. He said it. It is on the record. So don’t come telling me how there is no Muslim ban. There is one, and these people who bragged so much about it— I mean Trump and Bannon and all of the rest of them—should not act like there is not a Muslim ban now. There is a Muslim ban. It is a religious test for entry into this country. It is uncon-stitutional; it is immoral; and it is wrong. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.078 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH926 February 2, 2017 
I just want to say to all of my fellow Americans right now, if they can ban Muslims, they can ban Jews; if they can ban Jews, they can ban Seventh- day Adventists; if they can ban Sev-enth-day Adventists, they can ban Mormons; and if they can ban Mor-mons, they can ban Catholics. It is wrong, and we should stand up and say that it is wrong and immediately de-mand that it be repealed right away. I think this is absolutely critical that we do so. I want to share a story for a moment longer, if the gentleman doesn’t mind, because I know we have some really ex-cellent speakers coming right behind me, and I want to yield to them as quickly as I can. I want to share a story about one of the families that has been affected in my own home State of Minnesota. One person who was prevented from flying to United States this week is a little girl from Somalia whose mother came to Minneapolis as a refugee in 2013. This child was stuck in Uganda without her family because she hadn’t been born by the time her mother was granted refugee status. When her mother, Samira, was given permission to come to the United States 4 years ago, she was told to leave her daughter behind with friends of the family in Uganda and apply for reunification in the United States. This little girl was supposed to fly to Minnesota and rejoin her family on Monday. Instead, her flight was canceled because of the Mus-lim ban. President Trump is not making our country safer. President Trump is rein-forcing the narrative of people who don’t like our country. What does ISIS ultimately say? That America is at war with Islam. I am here to tell everybody on the planet that America is absolutely not at war with Islam or with any other re-ligion. The American people are of a peaceful nation. The people who live in the United States want to live in har-mony with all of the other people of the world; but this particular person who happens to occupy the Presidency doesn’t reflect the values that we rep-resent. He doesn’t reflect who we are. The thing that he is doing is actually reinforcing the narrative of the people who would mean to do all of us harm no matter what religion we may be. I just want to sit down now and say: For the sake of this young woman and for the sake of Samira’s daughter, who is languishing in Uganda right now and who wants to be reunited with her fam-ily, may we please get rid of this ban and get rid of this unlawful executive order? b1730 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) and the gentlewoman from Washington State (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) for organizing tonight’s Special Order hour on this very important topic. I join my colleagues in expressing my strong opposition to the President’s Muslim ban, a religious test. It is the first time we have seen this in modern times. We have been at war since 9/11 against terrorism, and our most urgent responsibility is to keep America safe, but President Trump’s Muslim ban makes it harder to do this. The Muslim ban makes it harder to work with our allies. The Muslim ban makes it harder to recruit intelligence assets. The Mus-lim ban makes it harder to enlist allies in our fight against ISIS. We should help people who are flee-ing ISIS rather than slam the door in their faces. Instead, President Trump’s Muslim ban likens these individuals to terrorists. This isn’t a plan, and it won’t keep America safe. We need a real plan, a plan that hon-ors our values and a plan that does not discriminate based upon a person’s reli-gion. We need a plan that keeps our country safe and respects freedom of religion, whether people are White, Black, Brown, Christian, Muslim, Jew-ish, young, or old. Immigrants and ref-ugees have made incredible contribu-tions to our great country, and it is time for our President to say this. In my home State of Rhode Island, like so many places around the coun-try, when we watched on television news reports of an executive order being issued and people who are law-fully authorized to return home to the United States being held in detention and being prevented from coming back into America, we were sick to our stomach. People in Rhode Island rallied, like people did all across this country, to express their outrage, to say this is not America and these are not our values. This is inconsistent with our Constitu-tion. While we saw this administration working to undo basic constitutional rights and civil liberties—including, most importantly, freedom of reli-gion—people all across America spoke out. In addition to recognizing that this didn’t comport with our deeply held be-liefs and faith and confidence in our Constitution, we also knew that these were families fleeing unspeakable vio-lence as part of the refugee program who are also being denied access into the United States. People were fleeing ISIS and then coming to America only to have the door slammed in their faces. As has been said, the refugee pro-gram that we have in place is the sin-gle most difficult way for someone to be allowed to enter the United States. It is a 10- or 12-step process. If you go to the website, you can see what you have to go through to be au-thorized to come into the United States as a refugee, and included in that is a determination that you do not pose a danger to the national security or to the American people. So it is em-bedded in the process already. It is a process that takes anywhere from 18 to 24 months. It is a process which has been in place and has worked success-fully. There hasn’t been a single Syrian refugee who has been charged with hav-ing been engaged in any terrorist activ-ity. By the way, the world is facing the largest refugee crisis since World War II. The U.N. estimates that 4.9 million refugees have registered, and there are about 6 million total if you include those that aren’t registered. Turkey has taken 2.7 million refugees. Lebanon has taken 1 million refugees. Jordan has taken 655,000 refugees. Iraq has taken 228,000 refugees. Do you know how many the United States accepted last year? About 16,000. So, Mr. Speaker, we have a lot more to do to meet our responsibilities with re-spect to accepting refugees who go through this very rigorous process. I am here tonight to speak out as loudly as I can against the executive order that ends the Syrian refugee pro-gram that has worked so successfully and that puts in place a Muslim ban that is making us less safe. This isn’t a Democratic or a Repub-lican issue. There have been a number of Republicans who have knowledge that this is making us less safe. Sen-ator LINDSEY GRAHAM and Senator J
OHN MCCAINsaid this may well do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security. There are a number of other national security experts who have said this will not make us safer. There are a number of veterans organizations that have said the same. Business leaders have said the same. This will not make us safer, and it has really brought the scorn of the world, as people have seen an America that has always stood for values of wel-coming people and of diversity and being a place that people come to—like my great-grandfather did—to build a better life to suddenly be slamming its doors and instituting a test based on religion. It does violence to our history and to our Constitution. I want to just ask the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ), who is not just an ordinary lawyer, but a scholar, a professor of law, whether or not he has done an analysis as to the constitutionality of the President’s Muslim ban. There have been, I think, four courts now who have, in fact, entered orders invalidating key parts of these orders based on their assessment that they don’t comport with our Constitution. I ask the gentleman to share his as-sessment as to whether or not my view of this—and, I think, the view of these courts—is the correct one. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I will be very brief here because a number of our colleagues from around the country are waiting to weigh in. Let me just say that this executive order is like a bad issue spotter on a constitutional law final exam. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.079 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H927 February 2, 2017 
is riddled with so many constitu-tional errors and violations, start-ing with the ban on religious free exercise, equal protection of the laws. The way it has been imple-mented has been draconian and Kafkaesque around the country, violating due process and the right to counsel, which has been the source of a lot of the successful constitutional litigation that has already taken place. It hasn’t even been out on the street for a week, and I think five or six Fed-eral district courts have struck down different aspects of it. So it is a Pan-dora’s box, and it is going to be the gift that keeps giving to constitutional lawyers across the country. Again, we are urging the President just to withdraw it at this point. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in urging President Trump to rescind both of these uncon-stitutional executive orders. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) as well as the gentlewoman from Washington State (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) for hosting this important Special Order hour. Congressman R
ASKIN and Congresswoman J
AYAPAL are two of the newest members of the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus, and I want to express my gratitude for their lead-ership. Mr. Speaker, last week, President Trump issued an executive order that violated America’s basic commitment to projecting hope and tolerance around the world. With a stroke of his pen, he turned his back on a humani-tarian crisis and shut the door on des-perate families fleeing unspeakable vi-olence. It has taken just 2 weeks for this administration to undermine our moral authority and weaken our role in promoting peace and stability in a volatile world. In airports across the country, in streets of coastal cities and mid-western towns, in States that voted for Secretary Clinton and in States that voted for President Trump, the Amer-ican people are expressing their out-rage at the Muslim ban. Patriotic men and women are standing up for the compassionate, exceptional country we strive to be. Religious leaders are standing up to say: This is not who we are. Veterans are standing up to say: This is not what we fought for. There was a time when Republican leadership stood with them. These two tweets to my right are a memorial to a time when Vice President P
ENCE and Speaker R
YAN were prepared to pub-licly oppose policies they called un- American. Now, when faced with the reality of this policy, Speaker R
YANis choosing to support the ban. Our Vice President deleted his tweet. We had to search around to find the original tweet, and it is right over there. The American people deserve better. Let’s be clear. The President’s execu-tive order makes America less safe. The only threat to America posed by Syrian refugees is to our conscience. Instead of protecting the homeland from terror, the President has gift- wrapped powerful propaganda for our enemies. This is not just my opinion or the opinion of Democrats in Congress. This is what we have heard from dozens of national security experts from both parties. They are warning us that this executive order is a stain on our rep-utation and a setback for counterter-rorism efforts around the world. Yet congressional Republicans remain si-lent. Mr. Speaker, our democracy has en-dured and prospered for more than two centuries because of our system of checks and balances. Congress has a re-sponsibility to act when the executive branch advances reckless and ill-con-ceived policies. We are failing to fulfill that duty by refusing to repeal the Muslim ban, by refusing to investigate the President’s many conflicts of inter-est. And by refusing to stand up for America’s most basic principles, my friends across the aisle are putting our global leadership and the integrity of our government at risk. If ever there was a time to choose your country over your party, this is it. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, we have four more speakers. We have had an overwhelming response to the Progres-sive Caucus’ Special Order on the exec-utive orders here. I yield to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. POCAN ). Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) and the gentlewoman from Washington State (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) for the Progres-sive Caucus’ Special Order hour. I was on the floor earlier today talk-ing about my concerns very specifi-cally around this, as it relates to the countries that were selected and the fact that these were not countries that were selected for any reason other than the fact that they are Muslim coun-tries and that Mr. Trump has decided that they should be included. What I want to talk about tonight is my district and how this affects it. We saw the crowds in New York, Cali-fornia, Chicago, Boston, and other big cities that have international airports and the activities this weekend; but in Madison, Wisconsin, we have had a very direct impact. We have 115 fac-ulty, students, and staff, right now, im-pacted by this decision. In fact, there is one joint national Canadian-Iranian student who is in Brazil who has been advised not to come back. What I want to do is read into the R
ECORD this statement. We are work-ing on a case of someone who is an Iraqi national, and this is a letter writ-ten by someone who served with him in the military. I want to read this very quickly: I am contacting you regarding John, an Iraqi national who earned a special immigra-tion visa for his work with the U.S. Army over two different 3-year periods in Baghdad and another region of Iraq. My personal acquaintance with him, where he is a translator in a small 12-man military training team I led. The recent executive order curtailing immigration from Iraq, along with six other countries, has halted his plan to emigrate with his family. He and his fellow translators provided an invaluable service to the team. They braved the same dangers we all faced. They rode in the same vehicles, walked the same streets, met with the same people. The only dif-ference is is they were unarmed and, after missions when we returned to secure FOBs, they had to return to live in their commu-nities unprotected. John was wounded while working with the U.S. Army, and he provided honorable serv-ice to the country for years. 
This is who is the target of President Trump’s executive order banning Mus-lims. This is wrong, and we need it to stop. President Trump, rescind your order. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tlewoman from Washington State (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) and I thank all of the Mem-bers who have come pouring out in re-sponse for this Progressive Caucus Spe-cial Order. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ). b1745 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, ref-ugees that are fleeing for their lives are not the enemy. Look at this 3-year- old Syrian boy, Aylan Kurdi, who washed up on a beach in Turkey. He and his older brother and his mother drowned. They were among, literally, thousands of people who drowned es-caping the violence that was certain in their home country of Syria. Now the President is trying to keep them out of our country. He is con-demning more children like Aylan to their death with this executive order. And in face of this immoral action by the administration, I have witnessed the decency and generosity of people in my district. I was proud to join people of all faiths in rallies to support our refugees and our Muslim neighbors. I was with lawyers who rushed to O’Hare Airport to offer assistance to those who suddenly are detained under the executive order. I have received hundreds of letters. One was from a couple who had joined with 13 friends to welcome and provide assistance to a family that wanted to resettle from Syria. They had collected money. They had collected furniture. They had worked for over a year in order to make this happen, and they fi-nally got word that they were actually going to get a family to come. Then, on January 30, they got official word that the family would not be al-lowed to enter. And now they don’t know what happened to that family. Let me just read the end of that let-ter. He said: 
Now we don’t know what happened to the family. Because they are Syrian, they are in-definitely banned from the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.081 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH928 February 2, 2017 
Meanwhile, we have a warm apartment and $12,000 waiting for them. We have rooms full of furniture stockpiled, and no way to get to them. As a group of Chicagoans, as a second-gen-eration American myself, we came together to aid a family in dire need and to affirm the quintessential American values of openness and inclusiveness. I can’t stop thinking about that couple, what they are telling their children right now, and where they will sleep tonight. Turning our back on families and children who are fleeing a war is not our best stra-tegic interest as a nation, nor is it in our best interest as decent human beings. 
Thank you from Maria Demopolis, Chicago, Illinois. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise here to protest the deaths that are oc-curring, protest the horrible situation that our President has put upon us. I include in the R
ECORD a letter that I have received from the University of California at Davis, and the Mayor of the City of Davis, California, who have so clearly laid out the impact that the immigration ban and the ban on refu-gees has put upon the university and the community. 
[From Ralph J. Hexter, Interim Chancellor, University of California Davis, and Robb Davis, Mayor, city of Davis] We have over 5000 international students and scholars at UC Davis, many of whom are actively questioning what future actions by this administration might mean for them. This is an incredibly disorienting time for all our international guests. Here are some specific cases that illustrate challenges that students and scholars all over the country are facing at this time. These are specific to our community. (Note: as you know, F–1 status is for students at any degree level authorized to study in the US at accredited universities. J–1 can refer either to students or scholars in the US Vis-itor Exchange Program) 1. A former J–1 scholar from Iran is in the US arranging the move of his wife and son, while awaiting green card processing. He was to have left the US for final interviews and processing but is now uncertain. He has an appointment in UC Davis’ Plant Sciences De-partment. 2. An Iranian PhD student who was to have started at UC Davis this spring (he was ac-cepted), recently obtained his visa, was to arrive in March, 2017, to start classes April 4. His ability to start then is now in doubt. In addition, his proposed roommate, who is al-ready here from Iran, was counting on him to share expenses. This person now finds himself in a difficult situation. 3. An Iranian F–2 (spouse of F–1) is con-cerned about her ability to change to F–1 status to become a student. She has been ac-cepted at UC Davis. 4. An Iranian student applying for a Mas-ter’s program in Engineering at UC Davis is asking about whether she should continue her application process. 5. The spouse of an F–1 student (F–2 status) is currently stuck outside the US and unable to be reunited with her family. 6. An Iranian F–1 PhD student, who started in Fall 2016 quarter had invited his father to visit. This student has a sister with two chil-dren in the US and she and they are Amer-ican citizens. The father/grandfather had a visa interview scheduled in Yerevan, Arme-nia for February 8th so he could come on a tourist visa to visit the student son and daughter and grandchildren. His visa inter-view has now been canceled. Attached are the pictures of the two grandchildren he will not be able to see. He has not been able to see his daughter for five years. 7. Scholar advisors at UC Davis are being asked by scholars of these countries if it is safe to travel within the USA. The fact that scholars must ask this shows the fear that exists. 8. Departmental staff is questioning wheth-er to admit students or invite scholars from these countries for summer and fall arrivals. There is much confusion. 9. A high profile scholar from one of the countries (his profile might put him at risk) was set to come to UC Davis to do research on responses to humanitarian abuses in his country. Because of the order, UC Davis was not permitted to provide him with docu-mentation necessary to obtain a visa. These stories were gathered in the past 5 hours WITHIN the City of Davis and the Univer-sity. We are a small city of 65,000. The fact that Iranians are the main na-tionality represented comes as no surprise. UC Davis and the City of Davis are home to many Iranians and have been for a genera-tion at least. The fact that the Trump Ad-ministration can point to NO attacks by Ira-nians on US soil or against US interests makes their exclusion seem particularly ar-bitrary and cruel to us. MAYOR DAVIS’ LETTER TO GARAMENDI ON  M
USLIM BAN (By Vanguard Administrator) R
EPRESENTATIVE GARAMENDI : Thanks for your interest in the challenges the City of Davis and UC Davis are facing in light of President Trump’s executive order restrict-ing entry for citizens from 7, predominantly- Muslim nations. UC Davis has 87 students or scholars from Iran, Iraq and Libya, with un-known numbers of Iranian faculty, family members and workers with permanent resi-dency living in our City. In addition, the following shows the large numbers of students and scholars from other predominantly Muslim countries currently at UC Davis. While these countries are not covered by the current Executive Order, stu-dents and scholars from them are very con-cerned about their future status and ability to travel home or receive visitors from home. 1. Bangladesh: 14 students, 9 scholars 2. Egypt: 14 students, 7 scholars 3. Indonesia: 147 students, 1 scholar 4. Malaysia: 49 students, 6 scholars 5. Morocco: 4 students, 1 scholar 6. Nigeria: 4 students, 2 scholars 7. Pakistan: 18 students, 14 scholars 8. Turkey: 31 students, 9 scholars Beyond these numbers we have over 5000 students and scholars at UC Davis, many of whom are actively questioning what future actions by this administration might mean for them. This is an incredibly disorienting time for all our international guests. Here are some specific cases that illustrate challenges that students and scholars all over the country are facing at this time. These are specific to our community. (Note: as you know, F–1 status is for students at any degree level authorized to study in the US at accredited universities. J–1 can refer either to students or scholars in the US Vis-itor Exchange Program) 1. A former J–1 scholar from Iran is in the US arranging the move of his wife and son, while awaiting green card processing. He was to have left the US for final interviews and processing but is now uncertain. He has an appointment in UC Davis’ Plant Sciences De-partment. 2. An Iranian PhD student who was to have started at UC Davis this spring (he was ac-cepted), recently obtained his visa, was to arrive in March, 2017, to start classes April 4. His ability to start then is now in doubt. In addition, his proposed roommate, who is al-ready here from Iran, was counting on him to share expenses. This person, now finds himself in a difficult situation. 3. An Iranian F–2 (spouse of F–1) is con-cerned about her ability to change to F–1 status to become a student. She has been ac-cepted at UC Davis. 4. An Iranian student applying for a Mas-ter’s program in Engineering at UC Davis is asking about whether she should continue her application process. 5. The spouse of an F–1 student (F–2 status) is currently stuck outside the US and unable to be reunited with her family. 6. An Iranian F–1 PhD student, who started in Fall 2016 quarter had invited his father to visit. This student has a sister with two chil-dren in the US and she and they are Amer-ican citizens. The father/grandfather had a visa interview scheduled in Yerevan, Arme-nia for February 8th so he could come on a tourist visa to visit the student son and daughter and grandchildren. His visa inter-view has now been canceled. Attached are the pictures of the two grandchildren he will not be able to see. He has not been able to see his daughter for five years. 7. Scholar advisors at UC Davis are being asked by scholars of these countries if it is safe to travel within the USA. The fact that scholars must ask this shows the fear that exists. 8. Departmental staff is questioning wheth-er to admit students or invite scholars from these countries for summer and fall arrivals. There is much confusion. 9. A high profile scholar from one of the countries (his profile might put him at risk) was set to come to UC Davis to do research on responses to humanitarian abuses in his country. Because of the order, UC Davis was not permitted to provide him with docu-mentation necessary to obtain a visa. These stories were gathered in the past 5 hours WITHIN the City of Davis and the Uni-versity. We are a small city of 65,000. The fact that Iranians are the main na-tionality represented comes as no surprise. UC Davis and the City of Davis are home to many Iranians and have been for a genera-tion at least. The fact that the Trump Ad-ministration can point to NO attacks by Ira-nians on US soil or against US interests makes their exclusion seem particularly ar-bitrary and cruel to us. Finally, I wanted to share with you a joint statement from Interim Chancellor Ralph Hexter and me to our campus and commu-nity. Thanks for helping us get the word out on the challenges that we are facing in light of the Executive Order. 
A MESSAGE TO THE COMMUNITY ON THE  
IMMIGRATION EXECUTIVE ORDER : Our city and university host over 5,000 international students, faculty members and scholars, as well as their families. Many of them come from nations with majority Mus-lim populations. These are our neighbors, friends and colleagues. They have faces and stories we know well. They contribute in myriad ways to our community and our uni-versity. They are part of us. We are deeply concerned by the impact of the recent execu-tive order that restricts the ability of stu-dents, faculty, staff and other members of our community from certain countries to re-turn to the United States if they are cur-rently traveling or plan to travel abroad. The threat of the order and the order itself are already having impacts on people in our town and university, on their academic, pro-fessional and personal lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.083 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H929 February 2, 2017 
We understand it is the federal govern-ment’s role to maintain the security of the nation’s borders. However, this executive or-der’s impact on our friends and colleagues is inconsistent with the values of our commu-nity. It has created uncertainty and fear that hurts the University of California, Davis, and the city of Davis. We have long been deeply enriched by stu-dents, faculty, scholars and health care pro-fessionals from around the world—including the affected countries—coming to study, teach, research and make our lives richer and better. Any effort to make these valu-able members of our community feel unwel-come is antithetical to our mission of ex-panding learning and generating new knowl-edge. Nothing, however, will cause us to re-treat from the shared principles of commu-nity we have developed together, and to all of our friends from here and abroad, you have our commitment to welcome you. Sincerely, R
ALPH J. H EXTER , Interim Chancellor. R
OBBDAVIS, Mayor, city of Davis. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. It is a terrible sit-uation, but I do want to—— The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). The time of the gen-tleman from Maryland has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Could we allow the gen-tleman to complete his statement just with 1 minute? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman may ask unanimous consent to address the House for 1 minute. Mr. RASKIN. I ask unanimous con-sent for just 1 minute to complete—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from California ask unani-mous consent to address the House for 1 minute? Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, re-serving my right to object, I would just like to note that we knew where the clock was going on this, but I made a speech today in the Judiciary Com-mittee, and I want to stand by my word and acknowledge the gentleman and not object so the gentleman can com-plete his statement. Mr. RASKIN. I thank the gentleman. That is very gracious of the Congress-man. 
f 
HORRORS OF THE IMMIGRATION BAN (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GARAMENDI. I will just finish this up very quickly. I think we need to look to where this problem ema-nates. It emanates from the President’s adviser, Mr. Bannon. He has been at this for some time talking about the nature of America being a White na-tionalist nation. So if we look beyond the horror that this ban places, we need to look to where it emanates, Mr. Bannon, clearly this comes from him, and we need to focus our attention on what he has done to this Nation’s val-ues. I yield to the gentleman from Mary-land. Mr. RASKIN. If the gentleman has a few seconds left, I would just say I know the distinguished Congressman KINGis going to go, and then we have a couple more people who were left over from the Progressive Caucus Spe-cial Order who will stay for 1-minutes after. 
f 
REQUEST TO ADDRESS THE HOUSE FOR 1 MINUTE Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to address the House for 1 minute. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I do now object because I have been waiting for a half hour. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objec-tion is heard. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S EXECUTIVE ORDER IS NOT A MUSLIM BAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I re-gret I wasn’t able to work with all of the speakers here tonight they wanted to pack within that hour. I understand that they have prepared themselves to give this speech tonight, and there will be opportunities in each succeeding day. I just wanted to recognize their right to speak on this floor under the rules and be as lenient as I can, and also, of course, defending my own rights at the same time. But I would acknowledge that we did have a discussion before the Judiciary Committee today, and I want this Con-gress to have the level of comity so that we can exchange ideas and bounce them off of each other. And I have long believed that if I can’t sustain myself in debate, I have got two choices. One of them is go back and do more re-search and build enough information that I can to sustain myself; and the other is adopt the other fellow’s posi-tion. I am not very inclined to do that, but I am inclined to listen to their po-sitions. So, as I have listened to these posi-tions here for more than an hour here on the floor, things come to me and I hear these words recurring over and over again. I didn’t get a full count on it, but I know I heard 7, 8, 10, or maybe even more, times saying that the Presi-dent’s executive order is a Muslim ban. Now, looking through that executive order—and I haven’t read it thoroughly word by word, but those who were vet-ting that executive order, to use that term, tell me the word ‘‘Muslim’’ is not used in that executive order. I am going to assert that is the case, that President Trump did not use the word ‘‘Muslim’’ in his executive order, and that the executive order is not a Mus-lim ban, but is a ban on travel from seven countries that are Muslim major-ity. If it was his intention to try to block Muslims from coming into America, he would have started with Indonesia rather than Iraq and Syria and the war-torn countries. So I will assert it is not a Muslim ban, except that the words ‘‘Muslim ban’’ are in the talking points of the Democrats, and they will repeat it over and over and over again, as if somehow they could amend the executive order to have the words ‘‘Muslim ban’’ in there so they can have their grievance to the executive order. I saw this unfold on Friday, when the President issued his executive order. It was a big day, I admit. He has had a lot of executive orders, and they have been raining down pretty fast on this coun-try, and I am glad of that. We should objectively deal with the directive that is there. It is a tem-porary travel ban that focuses on the seven countries that President Barack Obama identified as the most dan-gerous countries, I call them terrorist- spawning countries. It is a prudent thing on the part of the President to temporarily suspend travel from those countries. I would have added a few more countries in the suspension of the travel to the United States. It is his intention, and I think it is clearly stated within his executive order to evaluate the security cir-cumstances coming from each of these countries and determine how we can have a better policy, especially to do extreme vetting on the travel people that are coming from not only these seven countries, but other countries that do send terrorists to us. And I won’t start down that list, but we know it is extensive. I will say some of the countries that are not on this list are Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and other coun-tries that would be listed as Arab coun-tries, but including Indonesia, which is the largest population of Muslims, but the lowest concentration of terrorist production per Islamic society that I know of in the world. So I think this reflects the danger and the risk to Americans and a pru-dent approach to this. It is not only the ban on travel that is not a Muslim ban, not a Muslim ban—if I had to say that enough times to negate the times that that has been asserted here on the floor, I suppose I could; but we are going to hear it in the news every day because that seems to be what pays off politically. The argument that it was a religious test; this executive order is not a reli-gious test. It doesn’t reference religion. In fact, when I have asked questions of the officials of the Obama administra-tion, I have said to them: Why is it that Christians don’t seem to be al-lowed into the United States as refu-gees under the Obama administration? We saw one group that was 1,500- some-strong that had one Christian in there. So I traveled to Geneva, Switzer-land, and sat down with the lead on UNHCR, the United Nations Council on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.036 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH930 February 2, 2017 
Refugees. And there, I believe her name is Kelly Clements, I asked: Do you de-termine when you are vetting refugees, what their religious is? She says: Yes, we do. And she said they had 115,000 refugees that they had run through their proc-ess that they had vetted. And of those 115,000, I said, how many of them are Christians? And she said: 15,000. So the rest of them, roughly the 100,000, she said almost all of them would be Muslim. But they fill out a form. They attest to their religion. They are in the data-base. We can identify Christians. They are the ones that are persecuted. They are the ones that are being targeted be-cause of their religion. The Assyrian Christians, the Chaldean Christians, and then not Christians, but the Yazidis, they are the three groups that are targeted the most. We should es-tablish an international safe zone for them in their neighborhood. When the word comes out that these countries have accepted a list of refu-gees, such as Lebanon or Jordan, there are also countries that haven’t accept-ed any significant number, like Saudi Arabia. Why shouldn’t the neighbors accept refugees, Mr. Speaker? They are the ones that have the most security at stake. They are the ones that are most invested in trying to es-tablish stability in that part of the world. Don’t we want people who have lived, say, in the Nineveh Plains region since antiquity to be close to home so that when security circumstances and eco-nomic circumstances settle down, they can come back to their homes where they have lived since antiquity? Of course we do. We see data from last year that says $64,000 is about the typical cost of re-settling one refugee in the United States; $64,000. But that same amount of money will take care of a dozen peo-ple over in their neighborhood rather than one person here in America. Why shouldn’t we get a 12-to-1 return on the taxpayers’ investment and help people in the region where they live so that they can go back to their home-land again and grow their families and grow their population and their indus-try and re-establish their roots rather than let ISIS push the Christians out of the Middle East and push the versions of Islam out that they hate the most? If we take people out of there and re-settle them in large numbers, we are giving them the region that they would like to have ethnically cleansed of the people they disagree with. So we are helping out their war effort by pulling people out of the way and bringing them here. They need to stay close to home. Es-pecially the young men need to take up arms and defend their own country. I went over to the Middle East and I walked in that river of epic migration, that river of humanity that is flowing into Europe and has been flowing into Europe for 2 years, nearly solid. As I walked in that river of humanity, I asked them a lot of questions and I was able to communicate with them; some-times an interpreter, sometimes hand signals, sometimes a word here or there of English or something else. Here is what I asked them: Where are you going? This was in Serbia. In my mind, as I watched them board the trains in Ser-bia—1,000 at a time and day and night, I might add—I would say: Where are you going? Germany. Do you have family there? No. Do you have friends there? No. Do you have a job there? No. What will you do? I don’t know. How will you live? Germany will take care of me. That is the answer that I got over and over again. Eighty-one percent of that human river were, let’s say, mili-tary-age males. They left their family? They leave their family in Syria and Iraq to go into Europe? What responsible father does that when he should be home de-fending his country and defending his family? They are not going because they are war refugees, for the most part. That wave is over. They are going primarily because they are economic refugees. They are economic refugees because we hang the carrot out in front of them and we say: Come to the United States. We will bring you over here and we will make sure that we take care of all of your needs. You don’t have to worry about anything. b1800 We are competing with countries like Germany, Austria, Sweden, and the Netherlands because they offer a stand-ard of living. The law in Germany is that there is a baseline standard of liv-ing that every human being receives, work or not. Angela Merkel says: Come to Ger-many, and we will take care of you. I recall a 10-minute-and-49-second videotape of her in a townhall meeting speaking to a blonde German lady who stood up and said: Why are you doing this? They are killing us. They are rap-ing us. They are taking German jobs. Why do you do this? Chancellor Merkel’s answer was: We cannot be ruled by fear, and your voice is a voice of fear. So she just devalued or denigrated the voice of the grief-stricken German woman. She said: We cannot stop them. We must take care of them. The violence that they are perpetrating against Ger-mans is not going to be as great as that which we have perpetrated against oth-ers in our most recent history. That is the statement, Mr. Speaker. The constitution in Germany says they have to accept refugees. We put that in there post-World War II. Because they had created so many, we required that they take them. In their law that they have written there is a baseline stand-ard of living. The other part was Nazi guilt. So Chancellor Merkel opened that all up because of those roughly four reasons that I have given you, and 1.6 or so million poured into Germany. The last two New Year’s Eves have seen rape after rape after rape—many of them not even investigated—right there next to the dome of the Cologne Cathedral. It is an annual event now: New Year’s Eve in Cologne, migrant men come and rape German women there. That is the last 2 years, and you hardly find that in the news unless you know where to look. I do look, and I talk to people over there. This is not a Muslim ban. This is not a religious test. You can read the exec-utive order and determine that. The difference is my constituents will check to see if I am telling them the truth. Others’ constituents apparently don’t hold them accountable. It has no reference to whatever color people are, whatever race they are, whatever eth-nicity, or whatever the national ori-gin—I guess in a way because it says if you are coming from these nations. I will agree, we have Iraqis who have helped us and saved American lives, and we have Afghans who have helped us and saved American lives. But, on balance, this has been blown com-pletely out of proportion. Here is another statement that was made about the refugees. This is a quote from the gentleman who spoke here, ‘‘an executive order banning Mus-lims.’’ Again, it is an executive order, and it bans travel from seven Muslim countries—primarily Muslim coun-tries—but it bans Christians as well as Muslims coming from those countries. As for the Christians, I think we should have been allowed in because they are the ones who were targeted. By the way, Egypt is not on this list, but the Christians were targeted there. They blew up the church where the Coptic Pope presides. I visited him there. They killed 50 or so Christians, and they have blown up churches all over the place. That is, by the way, Muslims attacking Christians, just for the record. When the gentlewoman spoke here of the 3-year-old who washed up on the beach, that is the one that troubles me a lot. I saw that image. I watched that picture, and it went right into my heart like it did most everybody else in this country. That has been several weeks ago that America was mobilized by that little boy lying face down on the shores of the Mediterranean after the boat had capsized and many of them had drowned, including his fa-ther. But it came out a couple of days ago that that family had been living in Turkey for 3 years, and that the father 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.085 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H931 February 2, 2017 
of that little boy’s sister had been sending money to them so that they could slip into Europe because the fa-ther needed a new set of teeth. They were motivated so the father could get dental work perhaps most likely in Germany. It wasn’t because they were running from the war. They had sta-bilized themselves in Turkey for 3 years. They were going to Germany for the dental work of the father. That is a matter now of public record that has been exposed by Kerry Picket who did the research back on this and corrobo-rated by a number of other news out-lets as well. So it isn’t always what we see. It isn’t always what it seems. The people who speak into the megaphone in the airports aren’t always telling us the truth. We find out sometimes it is any-thing but the truth. What is the truth is that there has been a tragic war in the Middle East, and it continues. The civilian popu-lation has been decimated in Syria, and there are refugees going in all direc-tions. A lot of it is because we have created and we have allowed for a power vacuum—a power vacuum in Syria. That brought Putin into that power vacuum, and he was able to as-sert himself and, so far, at least, pro-tect al-Assad. In doing so, we see the operations of the invasion that has come out of Baghdad and gone up to-wards Mosul and taken the east side of the river in Mosul. The west side is still held by ISIS. I think that is a shortsighted strat-egy to have Shia militia, Iranian-sup-ported Shia militia going in to take Mosul when Mosul is populated by Kurds in the suburbs and Sunni Mus-lims in the inner city. How are the Shias going to govern a city that doesn’t, in any substantial way, in-clude their population? So I am trou-bled by shortsighted decisions that don’t seem to take into account the tribal connections that we know have been so much a part of the sectarian strife that has been a part of Iraq, Syria, and also Iran in the Middle East. I want people to be self-determining. I want people to be able to determine their own government and rule their own countries. This is going to take a prudent knowledge of those tribes, and it is going to take input from them. We need to build alliances in the Middle East with the moderate Muslim coun-tries that will join with us in bringing out stable governments that respect the autonomy of the populations that live within the various regions. That is the best solution that can come about, and it doesn’t put a lot of American boots on the ground. So I hope we can step back, Mr. Speaker, and take a deep breath and recognize it is not a Muslim ban, and it is not a religious test. But I want this statement to go into the R
ECORD with clarity, and that is that the President of the United States not only has the constitutional authority to bring about this suspension of travel from these seven countries because of security reasons, he is specifically authorized to do so by the United States Code, by Federal Law. So he is operating within the law; he is operating within the Constitution; and he is operating with-in the realms of prudence, at least on a temporary basis. I am hopeful that the input that we have is an input that will help bring about the dialogue in this country. The debate we have here on the floor hope-fully causes people to think about this, go back and read the executive order, look for the word Muslim or Muslim ban, look for any kind of religious test. There is none. But I think we ought to know. I mentioned and didn’t go deeply enough into this that when the execu-tive branch of government, the USCIS in particular, and ICE included, when I asked them: When you have these ap-plicants for refugees that you say you are vetting, then do you know what re-ligion they are? They say: No. Do we ask them? No. We don’t ask, but the information is there in the database at UNHCR, at the United Na-tions. They had vetted 15,000 Chris-tians, and one got through in a list of 1,500. I think that was probably a mis-take. I think there was a religious test for refugees under Obama, and I think it was a preference for Muslims, and it was discriminating against Christians. I hope that we can have a stable pol-icy that brings people relief, but I think the prudent one is give them a place to live in the Middle East, pro-tect them, and create an international safe zone so that they can live in peace where they have lived since antiquity. Mr. Speaker, I have addressed the topic of what I heard as I sat on the floor tonight. I really came to the floor here to speak in favor of Judge Neil Gorsuch. Mr. RASKIN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. KING of Iowa. I yield to the gen-tleman from Maryland and welcome him to the United States Congress. Mr. RASKIN. I thank you for your thoughtful comments tonight, and I think you made some good points. I think you effectively made the point that this is not, strictly speaking, a Muslim ban. It is not a ban on all Mus-lims entering the country. In the pop-ular vernacular, the public has taken up basically what was the current President’s language that he used dur-ing the campaign. So people are using it for kind of a shorthand. But I want to ask you about the ban. It is not the case that there is no reli-gious reference in the executive order because it does say that the religious minorities from those countries are given preference, and that would be the Christians in those countries. One thing I think that does need to be corrected is thousands of Christians were admitted from the Muslim world under the Obama administration, and there was no discrimination. In fact, I think there were almost as many Christians admitted as Muslims. But here is my real question for you. The 9/11 hijackers—which was the worst terrorist atrocity ever com-mitted on our shores, thousands of Americans were killed, the country plunged into chaos—came from three countries: Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates. All three of those countries where Trump Indus-tries does business were exempted from the ban on the seven countries. Why? What is the policy justification for not including that? None of the countries that are in-cluded in the ban produced any of the terrorist attacks that we saw in Or-lando, in San Bernardino County, or any of the other ones. So how were those chosen and the source countries for the 9/11 attack exempted? Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my time, in addressing both of those top-ics, the gentleman’s data that says that more Christians than Muslims have been brought in as refugees, I have heard that as an Obama adminis-tration information that has come out. That doesn’t match up with the data that I have seen when I traveled to places like Geneva and looked at that or looked at the data that came out be-fore that release. The data up to that release indicated entirely the opposite which I have identified. And the data that came out in the last weeks of the Obama administration asserted that they had a significant number of Chris-tians who were part of that. I appreciate the gentleman’s point that the executive order references re-ligious minorities, and I appreciate that it does, because I think they are the ones that are targeted. But the gentleman’s point about the origin of the terrorists who attacked us on 9/11 is an accurate point, and the largest number of them came from Saudi Ara-bia. I would just assert that because Don-ald Trump has done business in three of those countries, I would be surprised if he didn’t do business in a place like Dubai where they have developed a wonderland out of the desert, and his business in each of those countries. How many other countries has he done business in? I don’t think we can cor-relate that. But what we can correlate is that these seven countries are the countries identified by the Obama ad-ministration. So, maintaining my time, we can have conjecture on this back and forth. But the facts are that it is the Obama administration that identified these seven countries, and it is the Trump administration that brought them for-ward with the travel ban on them. I be-lieve it is a coincidence that these other countries are places among many countries that Donald Trump has done business in. I know that I only have about 7 min-utes remaining to take up Judge Gorsuch, but I would yield to the gen-tleman briefly, simply out of the com-ity that we discussed earlier today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.087 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH932 February 2, 2017 
Mr. RASKIN. Again, that is very gra-cious of you, and I appreciate the spirit with which you engage in this dia-logue. I think it is something we really do need to get to the bottom of. To my knowledge, Trump Industries is not doing business in the poor Muslim countries that were targeted like So-malia, Libya, and so on, but perhaps I can be corrected. In any event, the fact that he has done business in Saudi Arabia, in Egypt, and United Arab Emirates—in the wealthier Muslim countries—it may be logical as a matter of business practice, but I don’t think that can be-come the basis for American foreign policy. I think that is the reason why this policy has created such outrage in America and around the world because it doesn’t seem to have any national security logic to it. It is not about ter-rorism unless you can convince me that those seven countries actually generated terrorism. Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my time, it is conjecture that any of the Trump businesses had anything to do with this decision. It is pure conjec-ture. If the argument is that Donald Trump didn’t do business in Somalia, I wouldn’t blame him one bit. If anybody watched ‘‘Black Hawk Down’’ then they would know a good reason. It is essentially a terrorist state in Soma-lia. So I will thank the gentleman for his comments, and I am going to turn then to Judge Neil Gorsuch and see if I can make that point yet this evening, and it is this: We had this vacancy in the Supreme Court. It is a vacancy that is brought about by the tragic death of Justice Antonin Scalia, a man whom many of us have admired for a long time and enjoyed his friendship, his company, his sense of humor, his gre-gariousness, and also especially his dis-senting opinions that were written for the law school students whom he al-ways understood would have to read the dissent when they studied the cases. He wanted to write them in such a way that they would read them, hopefully enjoy them, and remember them. He has been a speaker before the Conservative Opportunity Society which I have chaired for some time, and he has done it a number of times. We really enjoyed his company. We had very engaging debates and discussions. There is a huge hole in the United States Supreme Court created by the loss of Justice Scalia. I am grateful that we have taken serious time in fill-ing that hole and seeing a nominee come forward that has the chance to grow into the shoes of Justice Scalia. b1815 As I went to the White House a cou-ple of nights ago to be there to witness the ceremony of the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch, we were all briefed on a lot of things that had to do with his bio. I am just quickly going to touch on some of the high points in Judge Gorsuch’s bio. His undergraduate school was Colum-bia University, with honors, Phi Beta Kappa; Harvard Law School, cum laude; a Truman Scholar, where he re-ceived his juris doctorate; then went to Oxford as a Marshall Scholar and re-ceived another doctoral degree, a Ph.D. in philosophy. Then he became a clerk for Justice White, and then, later on, for Justice Kennedy. If he is confirmed, it will be, we think, the first time that there has been a clerk that became a Justice on the Supreme Court serving with the Justice whom he clerked for. So that is a unique component of Judge Gorsuch. He is a man of the West. He has a strong work ethic and common sense. He is an outdoorsman. He loves to fly- fish, and he raises animals in his barn at home. His background, he was not born with a silver spoon in his mouth, but worked blue-collar jobs and worked his way up. We know that he accelerated his edu-cation very well. For his 10 years on the bench, he clerked for the judge on the D.C. Cir-cuit, and then from there, clerking for the Supreme Court Justices, whom I mentioned, White and Kennedy. He was then appointed by George W. Bush on May 10, 2006, after a decade in private practice where he became a partner in a large law firm. They must have liked him there. They took him in as an associate, and he became a part-ner for a decade. Then in his heart was that he wanted to be a judge, and he wanted to protect the Constitution and the rule of law. After a year at the Department of Jus-tice, George W. Bush appointed him to the D.C. Circuit. There, he was con-firmed by the United States Senate, without dissent, by a voice vote on July 20, 2006. He served for more than a decade as a district court judge. His record is stellar. When I asked questions about Judge Gorsuch, I learned a number of things. One of them was that, of the 21 can-didates that were listed by, first, Presi-dent-elect Trump and, now, President Trump—he would draw from that list and nominate, and then seek confirma-tion and appoint from that list—each candidate was asked the question as they were interviewed: Who would you name for this position if it isn’t going to be you? A tough question. So, it is like saying, I would inter-pret that as: Who do I think is second best? That is the only reason I would be there is if I thought I was the best choice. I would think that is what all of them must have thought as they were interviewed. There were 21 candidates. You take one out of that number, because that is Judge Gorsuch himself. We don’t know how he answered this question. When the other 20 were asked, if it is not to be you, who shall it be, everyone said Judge Neil Gorsuch. There can’t be a stronger endorse-ment than that. It shows a respect from all of his competing peers. I be-lieve that they believe he will do the best and the clearest job of preserving, protecting, and defending our Constitu-tion and read the letter of the Con-stitution and interpret it, as Judge Scalia did, to mean what it says and to be understood to mean what it says and was understood at the time of ratifica-tion of the body of the Constitution or the various amendments, whichever the case may be. That is the strongest and most profound. When I asked the question what is his level of respect for stare decisis, the people who know him and studied him say he has more respect for the text of the Constitution than the decisions that have been made along the way. I think that he will recognize those deci-sions. I asked that question, would he look into them to determine if that ration-ale has helped his rationale but always anchor it back to the Constitution and the original understanding. This is sec-ondhand of the people that know him, but the best answer I can get from that is yes. The next one is the Chevron doctrine. He has written about the Chevron doc-trine. It is pretty clear that he thinks that the Chevron doctrine is unjustly created by the courts and that you shouldn’t give administrators of undue legislative authority the benefit of the doubt. So those things sound really good to me. I am looking forward to the con-firmation hearings. Hopefully, an expe-ditious confirmation of Judge Gorsuch. I am very, very happy with the selec-tion that President Trump has made, and I really appreciate what I saw there that night as I watched Judge Gorsuch. In the middle of his speech, he turned and looked at his wife, Marie Louise, and there was that significant eye con-tact that told me that they are a bond-ed couple that are a team together. The friends of the family tell me she is more conservative than he is. So I look forward to his confirma-tion. I think the President of the United States has made a terrific choice. Let’s get the judicial branch of government up and running again, along with the executive branch, and let’s keep up pace here in the House. We have got some work to do, too. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
OPPOSITION TO MUSLIM BAN (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to just conclude our earlier Special Order where many of my colleagues spoke out in strong opposition to the Muslim ban that was just signed by President Trump. I would like to read a short para-graph from the letter that we have now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.088 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H933 February 2, 2017 
submitted to Secretary Kelly. It has been signed by over 110 of my col-leagues in the House. It requests that we have an immediate emergency meeting and briefing. I include in the R
ECORD the entire letter, and I will just read a short portion. ‘‘The Executive Order is both con-troversial and confusing. For example, the International Rescue Committee called the Order ‘harmful and hasty’ noting ‘America has the strongest, most successful resettlement program in the world.’ Over 4,000 academics, in-cluding 25 Nobel Laureates, have signed a petition denouncing the Order, writing ‘this measure is fatally disrup-tive to the lives of these immigrants, their families, and the communities of which they form an integral part. It is inhumane, ineffective, and un-Amer-ican.’’’ 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 1, 2017. Hon. J
OHNF. K ELLY , Secretary of Homeland Security, Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. S
ECRETARY KELLY : We write to strongly condemn the President’s executive order issued January 27, 2017, titled ‘‘Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States,’’ and the ensuing ac-tions taken by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and its agencies, in particular Customs and Border Protection (CBP), to implement the order, and to re-quest an urgent briefing regarding the same. We hope you will urge the President to im-mediately rescind the Executive Order, which has created profound chaos and fear among refugees and immigrants who have been admitted to the United States, as well as their families. As a nation of immigrants that has been a refuge for people fleeing per-secution from around the world, these ac-tions are contrary to who we are as a nation. We understand that you met yesterday at 4:30 PM with Chairs and Ranking Members of relevant Committees to discuss ‘‘recent ex-ecutive actions.’’ You should understand that such a time limited meeting with a sub-set of Members and Senators in no way obvi-ates the need for the briefing we are request-ing for all Members. Such full Member brief-ings are a frequent occurrence on Capitol Hill after important events such as the issuance of the January 27 Executive Order. They allow all Members to benefit from the knowledge and experiences of the executive branch so that we may be well informed in our legislative and oversight affairs and serve our constituents best. The full Member briefing regarding the Executive Order is particularly needed given the unsettling events of last evening—the abrupt firing of Acting Attorney General Sally Yates and the termination without explanation of Daniel Ragsdale as acting Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). The need to brief the full Democratic.Caucus is also nec-essary as we now understand that guidance concerning the January 27 Executive Order has been provided to Members of the Repub-lican Conference, but not the Democratic Caucus. According to yesterday’s Wash-ington Post, ‘‘substantive guidance [con-cerning the Executive Order was given] to congressional Republicans . . . late Satur-day. . . . In a two-page memo that offered some details on the policy . . .’’. The Executive Order harms our families, economy, and national security. Over the weekend, individuals—some of whom have been lawful permanent residents for dec-ades—were found stranded outside the United States, leaving families in turmoil. Technology companies, including industry leaders like Microsoft, Google, and Apple, re-port that the Executive Order could directly impact their employees and hinder their ability to attract the best talent from around the world. In addition, the policy re-flected in the Executive Order is counter-productive to our national security. We un-derstand that scores of American diplomats stationed across the globe are drafting a for-mal ‘‘dissent memo’’ to register their objec-tions, stating that the order will ‘‘not achieve its aim of making our country safer’’ and will instead result in a ‘‘drop in inter-national good will towards Americans and a threat to our economy.’’ We need to develop relationships with Muslim countries and oth-ers seeking to combat terrorism. Unfortu-nately, the Order alienates many of the groups we need to have working alongside us. The Executive Order is both controversial and confusing. For example, the Inter-national Rescue Committee called the Order ‘‘harmful and hasty’’ noting ‘‘America has the strongest, most successful resettlement program in the world.’’ Over 4,000 academics, including 25 Nobel Laureates, have signed a petition denouncing the Order, writing ‘‘[t]his measure is fatally disruptive to the lives of these immigrants, their families, and the communities of which they form an inte-gral part. It is inhumane, ineffective, and un- American.’’ The Order has resulted in wide-spread confusion, as hundreds of individuals have been improperly detained at our air-ports, at least four federal courts have issued stays concerning the Order, and protests have broken out at airports and other venues nationwide. At the time this letter was sent, 16 State Attorneys General have condemned the Executive Order. In the interest of exercising proper Con-gressional oversight of DHS and CBP and of holding agencies accountable, we write to ur-gently request an emergency briefing this week with you and others at DHS and the Administration concerning the Executive Order. Among other things, we would like to receive the following, either at or in advance of the briefing: Any DHS guidance, directive, or policy re-garding interpretation and implementation of the Executive Order, specifically is it per-tains to current visa holders seeking entry into the United States, visa applicants, law-ful permanent residents, dual citizens, and U.S. citizens, as well as clarification on the status of the individuals from the seven des-ignated countries in the Order who are ap-plying for or renewing immigration benefits. Details on individuals who have been pre-vented from entering the country, including the airport at which they arrived, location of detention, number provided with interpreta-tion services, number who have been released broken down by airport, number of individ-uals who were sent back broken down by na-tionality, and a breakdown of the immigra-tion status of those being detained and those who were sent back. The manner in which DHS is complying with the various court-issued stays of re-moval, including the number of individuals who have been provided access to counsel. What, if, any accommodations are being considered for interpreters and translators from the seven designated nations who have worked with our military and intelligence, as well as notable academics coming to do research in the U.S. The manner in which the exceptions to the Executive Order’s application with respect to ‘‘religious minorities’’ will be applied, par-ticularly given Mr. Trump’s series of state-ments concerning his preference for Chris-tian refugees. In addition, and among other things, we would like to be briefed by you on the accu-racy of President Trump’s assertion that the Executive Order can be justified because then-president Obama had ‘‘banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months’’ in 2011. It is our understanding that in 2011 the Iraqi re-settlement program was subject to a simple reduction for a short time while new secu-rity measures were added, In stark contrast, Mr. Trump’s Executive Order calls for a sus-pension of all refugees, not just one cat-egory, in addition to suspending the Syrian program indefinitely. For decades both Democratic and Repub-lican Presidents have supported granting safe haven to families fleeing persecution, violence, terror, sexual slavery, and torture. At a time of unprecedented forced migration across the world, the need for American lead-ership in these areas has not subsided. Given the urgency, widespread confusion and dangerous impact of the Executive Order, we would appreciate hearing from you as quickly as possible so that we may ensure the briefing occurs by no later than Friday, February 3. The lives and well-being of many individuals, as well as our ability to partner with foreign governments to fight terrorism, depends on it. Sincerely, J
OHNCONYERS , Jr. Member of Congress. Z
OELOFGREN , Member of Congress. P
RAMILA JAYAPAL , Member of Congress. (And an additional 111 Members of Congress.) f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. H
ASTINGS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and February 3. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE FOR  
THE 115TH CONGRESS  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, February 2, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : I am pleased to submit for printing in the Congressional Record, pursuant to Rule XI, clause 2(a) of the Rules of the House, a copy of the Rules of the Com-mittee on Agriculture, which were adopted at the organizational meeting of the Com-mittee on February 1, 2017. Appendix A of the Committee Rules will include excerpts from the Rules of the House relevant to the operation of the Committee. Appendix B will include relevant excerpts from the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In the interests of minimizing printing costs, Appendices A and B are omitted from this submission. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.091 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH934 February 2, 2017 
RULE I .—GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) Applicability of House Rules.—(1) The Rules of the House shall govern the proce-dure of the Committee and its subcommit-tees, and the Rules of the Committee on Ag-riculture so far as applicable shall be inter-preted in accordance with the Rules of the House, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolu-tion, if printed copies are available, are non- debatable privileged motions in the Com-mittee and its subcommittees. (See Appendix A for the applicable Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives.) (2) As provided in clause 1(a)(1) of House Rule XI, each Subcommittee is part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and its Rules so far as applicable. (See also Committee Rules III, IV, V, VI, VII, VIII and XI, infra.) (b) Authority to Conduct Investigations.— The Committee and its subcommittees, after consultation with the Chairman of the Com-mittee, may conduct such investigations and studies as they may consider necessary or appropriate in the exercise of their respon-sibilities under Rule X of the Rules of the House and in accordance with clause 2(m) of House Rule XI. (c) Authority to Print.—The Committee is authorized by the Rules of the House to have printed and bound testimony and other data presented at hearings held by the Committee and its subcommittees. All costs of steno-graphic services and transcripts in connec-tion with any meeting or hearing of the Committee and its subcommittees shall be paid from applicable accounts of the House described in clause 1(k)(1) of House Rule X in accordance with clause 1(c) of House Rule XI. (See also paragraphs (d), (e) and (f) of Com-mittee Rule IX.) (d) Vice Chairman.—The Member of the majority party on the Committee or Sub-committee designated by the Chairman of the full Committee shall be the vice chair-man of the Committee or Subcommittee in accordance with clause 2(d) of House Rule XI. (e) Presiding Member.—If the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee is not present at any Committee or Subcommittee meeting or hearing, the vice chairman shall preside. If the Chairman and vice chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee are not present at a Committee or Subcommittee meeting or hearing the ranking Member of the majority party who is present shall pre-side in accordance with clause 2(d) of House Rule XI. (f) Publication of Rules.—The Committee’s Rules shall be publicly available in elec-tronic form and published in the Congres-sional Record not later than 30 days after the Chair is elected in each odd-numbered year as provided in clause 2(a) of House Rule XI. (g) Joint Committee Reports of Investiga-tion or Study.—A report of an investigation or study conducted jointly by more than one committee may be filed jointly, provided that each of the committees complies inde-pendently with all requirements for approval and filing of the report. 
RULE II .—COMMITTEE BUSINESS MEETINGS — 
REGULAR , ADDITIONAL AND SPECIAL  (a) Regular Meetings.—Regular meetings of the Committee, in accordance with clause 2(b) of House Rule XI, shall be held on the first Wednesday of every month to transact its business if notice is given pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of House Rule XI. The Chair-man shall provide each Member of the Com-mittee, as far in advance of the day of the regular meeting as practicable, a written agenda of such meeting. Items may be placed on the agenda by the Chairman or a majority of the Committee. (See paragraph (f) of Com-mittee Rule XI for provisions that apply to meetings of subcommittees.) (b) Additional Meetings.—(1) The Chair-man may call and convene, as he or she con-siders necessary, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee or after concurrence with the Rank-ing Minority Member, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Com-mittee or for the conduct of other Com-mittee business. The Committee shall meet for such additional meetings pursuant to the notice from the Chairman. (2) A hearing or meeting may begin sooner than specified in clause (1) (in which case, the chair shall make the announcement specified at the earliest possible time) if the Committee so determines by majority vote in the presence of the number of Members re-quired under the Rules of the Committee for the transaction of business. (3) At least 24 hours prior to the com-mencement of a meeting for the markup of a measure or matter the Chair shall cause the text of such measure or matter to be made publicly available in electronic form. (c) Special Meetings.—If at least three Members of the Committee desire that a spe-cial meeting of the Committee be called by the Chairman, those Members may file in the offices of the Committee their written re-quest to the Chairman for such special meet-ing. Such request shall specify the measure or matters to be considered. Immediately upon the filing of the request, the Majority Staff Director (serving as the clerk of the Committee for such purpose) shall notify the Chairman of the filing of the request. If, within 3 calendar days after the filing of the request, the Chairman does not call the re-quested special meeting to be held within 7 calendar days after the filing of the request, a majority of the Members of the Committee may file in the offices of the Committee their written notice that a special meeting of the Committee will be held, specifying the date and hour thereof, and the measures or matter to be considered at that special meet-ing in accordance with clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI. The Committee shall meet on that date and hour. Immediately upon the filing of the notice, the Majority Staff Director (serving as the clerk) of the Committee shall notify all Members of the Committee that such meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour and the measure or matter to be considered, and only the measure or matter specified in that notice may be con-sidered at that special meeting. RULE III .—OPEN MEETINGS AND HEARINGS ; 
BROADCASTING  (a) Open Meetings and Hearings.—Each meeting for the transaction of business, in-cluding the markup of legislation, and each hearing by the Committee or a Sub-committee shall be open to the public unless closed in accordance with clause 2(g) of House Rule XI. (b) Broadcasting and Photography.—When-ever a Committee or Subcommittee meeting for the transaction of business, including the markup of legislation, or a hearing is open to the public, that meeting or hearing shall: (1) To the maximum extent practicable the Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that al-lows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the re-cordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. (2) Be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography in accordance with clause 4 of House Rule XI. When such audio and visual coverage is conducted in the Committee or Subcommittee, written notice to that effect shall be provided to each Mem-ber. The Chairman of the Committee or Sub-committee shall not limit the number of tel-evision or still cameras permitted in a hear-ing or meeting room to fewer than two rep-resentatives from each medium (except for legitimate space or safety considerations, in which case pool coverage shall be author-ized). (c) Closed Meetings—Attendees.—No per-son other than Members of the Committee or Subcommittee and such congressional staff and departmental representatives as the Committee or Subcommittee may authorize shall be present at any business or markup session that has been closed to the public as provided in clause 2(g)(1) of House Rule XI. (d) Addressing the Committee.—A Com-mittee Member may address the Committee or a Subcommittee on any bill, motion, or other matter under consideration (See Com-mittee Rule VIII (e) relating to questioning a witness at a hearing). The time a Member may address the Committee or Sub-committee for any such purpose shall be lim-ited to 5 minutes, except that this time limit may be waived by unanimous consent. A Member shall also be limited in his or her re-marks to the subject matter under consider-ation, unless the Member receives unani-mous consent to extend his or her remarks beyond such subject. (e) Meetings to Begin Promptly.—Subject to the presence of a quorum, each meeting or hearing of the Committee and its sub-committees shall begin promptly at the time so stipulated in the public announcement of the meeting or hearing. (f) Prohibition on Proxy Voting.—No vote by any Member of the Committee or Sub-committee with respect to any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. (g) Location of Persons at Meetings.—No person other than the Committee or Sub-committee Members and Committee or Sub-committee staff may be seated in the ros-trum area during a meeting of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee unless by unani-mous consent of Committee or Sub-committee. (h) Consideration of Amendments and Mo-tions.—A Member, upon request, shall be rec-ognized by the Chairman to address the Com-mittee or Subcommittee at a meeting for a period limited to 5 minutes on behalf of an amendment or motion offered by the Mem-ber or another Member, or upon any other matter under consideration, unless the Mem-ber receives unanimous consent to extend the time limit. Every amendment or motion made in Committee or Subcommittee shall, upon the demand of any Member present, be reduced to writing, and a copy thereof shall be made available to all Members present. Such amendment or motion shall not be pending before the Committee or Sub-committee or voted on until the require-ments of this paragraph have been met. (i) Demanding Record Vote.— (1) A record vote of the Committee or Sub-committee on a question or action shall be ordered on a demand by one-fifth of the Members present. (2) The Chairman of the Committee or Sub-committee may postpone further pro-ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment. If the Chair-man postpones further proceedings: (A) the Chairman may resume such post-poned proceedings, after giving Members adequate notice, at a time chosen in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber; and (B) notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, the underlying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.049 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H935 February 2, 2017 
proposition on which proceedings were post-poned shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. (j) Submission of Motions or Amendments In Advance of Business Meetings.—The Com-mittee and Subcommittee Chairman may re-quest and Committee and Subcommittee Members should, insofar as practicable, co-operate in providing copies of proposed amendments or motions to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or the Subcommittee twenty- four hours before a Committee or Sub-committee business meeting. (k) Points of Order.—No point of order against the hearing or meeting procedures of the Committee or Subcommittee shall be en-tertained unless it is made in a timely fash-ion. (l) Limitation on Committee Sittings.— The Committee or subcommittees may not sit during a joint session of the House and Senate or during a recess when a joint meet-ing of the House and Senate is in progress. (m) Prohibition of Wireless Telephones.— Use of wireless phones during a Committee or Subcommittee hearing or meeting is pro-hibited. 
RULE IV .—QUORUMS . (a) Working Quorum.—One-third of the Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for taking any ac-tion, other than as noted in paragraphs (b) and (c). (b) Majority Quorum.—A majority of the Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for: (1) the reporting of a bill, resolution, or other measure (See clause 2(h)(1) of House Rule XI, and Committee Rule IX); (2) the closing of a meeting or hearing to the public pursuant to clauses 2(g), 2(k)(5), and 2(k)(7) of House Rule XI; (3) the authorizing of a subpoena as pro-vided in clause 2(m)(3) of House Rule XI (See also Committee Rule VII); and (4) as where required by a Rule of the House. (c) Quorum for Taking Testimony.—Two Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
RULE V .—RECORDS . (a) Maintenance of Records.—The Com-mittee shall keep a complete record of all Committee and Subcommittee action which shall include: (1) in the case of any meeting or hearing transcripts, a substantially verbatim ac-count of remarks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, gram-matical, and typographical corrections au-thorized by the person making the remarks involved, and (2) written minutes, which shall include a record of all Committee and Subcommittee action, a record of all votes on any question, and a tally on all record votes. The result of each such record vote shall be made available by the Committee for inspec-tion by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee and by telephone request and also made publicly available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote. Not later than 24 hours after adoption of an amendment to a measure or matter, the chair of the Committee shall cause the text of such amendment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in elec-tronic form. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition; the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or other propo-sition; and the names of those Members present but not voting. (b) Access to and Correction of Records.— Any public witness, or person authorized by such witness, during Committee office hours in the Committee offices and within 10 cal-endar days of the close of hearings, may ob-tain a transcript copy of that public witness’s testimony and make such tech-nical, grammatical, and typographical cor-rections as authorized by the person making the remarks involved as will not alter the nature of testimony given. There shall be prompt return of such corrected copy of the transcript to the Committee. Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall receive copies of transcripts for their prompt review and correction and prompt return to the Committee. The Committee or Sub-committee may order the printing of a hear-ing record without the corrections of any Member or witness if it determines that such Member or witness has been afforded a rea-sonable time in which to make such correc-tions and further delay would seriously im-pede the consideration of the legislative ac-tion that is subject of the hearing. The record of a hearing shall be closed 10 cal-endar days after the last oral testimony, un-less the Committee or Subcommittee deter-mines otherwise. Any person requesting to file a statement for the record of a hearing must so request before the hearing concludes and must file the statement before the record is closed, unless the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise. The Committee or Subcommittee may reject any statement in light of its length or its tend-ency to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. (c) Property of the House.—All Committee and Subcommittee records (including hear-ings data, charts, and files) shall be kept sep-arate and distinct from the congressional of-fice records of the Members serving as Chair-man. Such records shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House shall have access thereto. The Majority Staff Director shall promptly notify the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of any re-quest for access to such records. (d) Availability of Archived Records.—The records of the Committee at the National Ar-chives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with House Rule VII. The Chairman shall no-tify the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee of the need for a Committee order pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of such House Rule, to withhold a record oth-erwise available. (e) Special Rules for Certain Records and Proceedings.—A stenographic record of a business meeting of the Committee or Sub-committee may be kept, and thereafter may be published, if the Chairman of the Com-mittee, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, determines there is need for such a record. The proceedings of the Committee or Subcommittee in a closed meeting, evidence or testimony in such meeting, shall not be divulged unless other-wise determined by a majority of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee. (f) Electronic Availability of Committee Publications.—To the maximum extent fea-sible, the Committee shall make its publica-tions available in electronic form. 
RULE VI .—POWER TO SIT AND ACT . For the purpose of carrying out any of its function and duties under House Rules X and XI, the Committee and each of its sub-committees is authorized to sit and act at such times and places within the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned and to hold such hearings. 
RULE VII .—SUBPOENAS AND OATHS . (a) Issuance of Subpoenas.—In accordance with clause 2(m) of House Rule XI, a sub-poena may be authorized and issued by a ma-jority of the Committee or by the Chairman in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. Such consultation shall occur at least 48 hours in advance of a subpoena being issued under such authority. Authorized sub-poenas shall be signed by the Chairman of the Committee or by any Member designated by the Committee. (b) Oaths.—The Chairman of the Com-mittee, or any member of the Committee designated by the Chairman, may administer oaths to any witnesses. RULE VIII .—HEARING PROCEDURES . (a) Power to Hear.—For the purpose of car-rying out any of its functions and duties under House Rules X and XI, the Committee and its subcommittees are authorized to sit and hold hearings at any time or place with-in the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned. (See Committee Rule VI and paragraph (f) of Committee Rule XI for provisions relating to Subcommittee hearings and meetings.) (b) Announcement.—The Chairman of the Committee shall, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee, make a public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any Com-mittee hearing at least 1 week before the commencement of the hearing. The Chair-man of a Subcommittee shall schedule a hearing only after consultation with the Chairman of the Committee and the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee. After such consultation, the Chairman of the Subcommittee shall consult the Chairmen of the other subcommittees and shall request the Majority Staff Director to make a public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of such hearing at least 1 week before the hearing. If the Chairman of the Com-mittee or the Subcommittee, with concur-rence of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee or Sub-committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee, as appropriate, shall request the Majority Staff Director to make such public announcement at the earliest possible date. The clerk of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record and shall promptly enter the appropriate information into the Committee scheduling service of the House Information Systems as soon as possible after such public announcement is made. (c) Scheduling of Witnesses.—Except as otherwise provided in this rule, the sched-uling of witnesses and determination of the time allowed for the presentation of testi-mony at hearings shall be at the discretion of the Chairman of the Committee or Sub-committee, unless a majority of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee determines other-wise. (d) Written Statement; Oral Testimony.— (1) Each witness who is to appear before the Committee or a Subcommittee, shall insofar as practicable file with the Majority Staff Director of the Committee, at least 2 work-ing days before the day of his or her appear-ance, a written statement of proposed testi-mony. Witnesses shall provide sufficient cop-ies of their statement for distribution to Committee or Subcommittee Members, staff, and the news media. Insofar as practicable, the Committee or Subcommittee staff shall distribute such written statements to all Members of the Committee or Subcommittee as soon as they are received, as well as any official reports from departments and agen-cies on such subject matter. All witnesses may be limited in their oral presentations to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.051 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH936 February 2, 2017 
brief summaries of their statements within the time allotted to them at the discretion of the Chairman of the Committee or Sub-committee, in light of the nature of the tes-timony and the length of time available. (2) As noted in paragraph (b) of Committee Rule VII, the Chairman of the Committee, or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. (3) To the greatest extent practicable, each witness appearing in a non-governmental ca-pacity shall include with the written state-ment of proposed testimony: (i) a curriculum vitae; (ii) disclosure of the amount and source (by agency and program) of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or sub-contract thereof) received during the current calendar year or either of the 2 preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness; and (iii) disclosure of the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing origi-nating with a foreign government received during the current calendar year or either of the 2 preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness. Such statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy of wit-nesses, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than 1 day after the witness appears. (e) Questioning of Witnesses.—Committee or Subcommittee Members may question witnesses only when they have been recog-nized by the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee for that purpose. Each Mem-ber so recognized shall be limited to ques-tioning a witness for 5 minutes until such time as each Member of the Committee or Subcommittee who so desires has had an op-portunity to question the witness for 5 min-utes; and thereafter the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee may limit the time of a further round of questioning after giving due consideration to the importance of the subject matter and the length of time available. All questions put to witnesses shall be germane to the measure or matter under consideration. Unless a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise, no Committee or Subcommittee staff shall interrogate witnesses. (f) Extended Questioning for Designated Members.—Notwithstanding paragraph (e), the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member may designate an equal number of Members from each party to question a witness for a period not longer than 60 minutes. (g) Witnesses for the Minority.—When any hearing is conducted by the Committee or any Subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the minority party Members on the Committee or Subcommittee shall be enti-tled, upon request to the Chairman by a ma-jority of those minority Members before the completion of such hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with re-spect to that measure or matter during at least 1 day of hearing thereon as provided in clause 2(j)(1) of House Rule XI. (h) Summary of Subject Matter.—Upon an-nouncement of a hearing, to the extent prac-ticable, the Committee shall make available immediately to all Members of the Com-mittee a concise summary of the subject matter (including legislative reports and other material) under consideration. In addi-tion, upon announcement of a hearing and subsequently as they are received, the Chair-man of the Committee or Subcommittee shall, to the extent practicable, make avail-able to the Members of the Committee any official reports from departments and agen-cies on such matter. (See paragraph(f) of Committee Rule XI.) (i) Open Hearings.—Each hearing con-ducted by the Committee or Subcommittee shall be open to the public, including radio, television, and still photography coverage, except as provided in clause 4 of House Rule XI (See also paragraph (b) of Committee Rule III.). In any event, no Member of the House may be excluded from nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing unless the House by majority vote shall au-thorize the Committee or Subcommittee, for purposes of a particular series of hearings on a particular bill or resolution or on a par-ticular subject of investigation, to close its hearings to Members by means of the above procedure. (j) Hearings and Reports.—(1)(i) The Chair-man of the Committee or Subcommittee at a hearing shall announce in an opening state-ment the subject of the investigation. A copy of the Committee Rules (and the applicable provisions of clause 2 of House Rule XI, re-garding hearing procedures, an excerpt of which appears in Appendix A thereto) shall be made available to each witness upon re-quest. Witnesses at hearings may be accom-panied by their own counsel for the purpose of advising them concerning their constitu-tional rights. The Chairman of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee may punish breaches of order and decorum, and of profes-sional ethics on the part of counsel, by cen-sure and exclusion from the hearings; but only the full Committee may cite the of-fender to the House for contempt. (ii) Whenever it is asserted by a Member of the Committee that the evidence or testi-mony at a hearing may tend to defame, de-grade, or incriminate any person, or it is as-serted by a witness that the evidence or tes-timony that the witness would give at a hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or in-criminate the witness, such testimony or evidence shall be presented in executive ses-sion, notwithstanding the provisions of para-graph (i) of this rule, if by a majority of those present, there being in attendance the requisite number required under the Rules of the Committee to be present for the purpose of taking testimony, the Committee or Sub-committee determines that such evidence or testimony may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. The Committee or Subcommittee shall afford a person an op-portunity voluntarily to appear as a witness; and the Committee or Subcommittee shall receive and shall dispose of requests from such person to subpoena additional wit-nesses. (iii) No evidence or testimony taken in ex-ecutive session may be released or used in public sessions without the consent of the Committee or Subcommittee. In the discre-tion of the Committee or Subcommittee, witnesses may submit brief and pertinent statements in writing for inclusion in the record. The Committee or Subcommittee is the sole judge of the pertinence of testimony and evidence adduced at its hearings. A wit-ness may obtain a transcribed copy of his or her testimony given at a public session. If given at an executive session, a transcribed copy of testimony may be obtained when au-thorized by the Committee or Sub-committee. (See paragraph (c) of Committee Rule V.) (2) A proposed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the Members of the Com-mittee for at least 24 hours (excluding Satur-days, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day) in ad-vance of their consideration. RULE IX—THE REPORTING OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS (a) Filing of Reports.—The Chairman shall report or cause to be reported promptly to the House any bill, resolution, or other measure approved by the Committee and shall take or cause to be taken all necessary steps to bring such bill, resolution, or other measure to a vote. No bill, resolution, or measure shall be reported from the Com-mittee unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. A Committee report on any bill, resolution, or other measure approved by the Committee shall be filed within 7 cal-endar days (not counting days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the Majority Staff Director of the Committee a written request, signed by a majority of the Com-mittee, for the reporting of that bill or reso-lution. The Majority Staff Director of the Committee shall notify the Chairman imme-diately when such a request is filed. (b) Content of Reports.—Each Committee report on any bill or resolution approved by the Committee shall include as separately identified sections: (1) a statement of the intent or purpose of the bill or resolution; (2) a statement describing the need for such bill or resolution; (3) a statement of Committee and Sub-committee consideration of the measure, in-cluding a summary of amendments and mo-tions offered and the actions taken thereon; (4) the results of each record vote on any amendment in the Committee and Sub-committee and on the motion to report the measure or matter, including the total num-ber of votes cast for and against, and the names of Members voting for and against such amendment or motion (See clause 3(b) of House Rule XIII); (5) the oversight findings and recommenda-tions of the Committee with respect to the subject matter of the bill or resolution, as required pursuant to clause 3(c)(1) of House Rule XIII and clause 2(b)(1) of House Rule X; (6) the detailed statement described in House Rule XIII clause 3(c)(2) and section 308(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if the bill or resolution provides new budget authority (other than continuing appropria-tions), new spending authority described in section 401(c)(2) of such Act, new credit au-thority, or an increase or decrease in reve-nues or tax expenditures, except that the es-timates with respect to new budget author-ity shall include, when practicable, a com-parison of the total estimated funding level for the relevant program (or programs) to the appropriate levels under current law; (7) the estimate of costs and comparison of such estimates, if any, prepared by the Di-rector of the Congressional Budget Office in connection with such bill or resolution pur-suant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if submitted in timely fashion to the Committee; (8) a statement of general performance goals and objectives, including outcome-re-lated goals and objectives, for which the measure authorizes funding; (9) an estimate by the Committee of the costs that would be incurred in carrying out the bill or joint resolution in the fiscal year in which it is reported and in each of the five fiscal years following that fiscal year (or for the authorized duration of any program au-thorized by the bill or joint resolution if less than five years) (see clause 3(d)(1) of House Rule XIII), together with—(i) a comparison of these estimates with those made and sub-mitted to the Committee by any Govern-ment agency when practicable and (ii) a comparison of the total estimated funding level for the relevant program (or programs) with appropriate levels under current law (The provisions of this clause do not apply if a cost estimate and comparison prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Of-fice under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 has been timely sub-mitted prior to the filing of the report and included in the report); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.053 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H937 February 2, 2017 
(10) a list of congressional earmarks, lim-ited tax benefits, and limited tariff benefits in the bill or in the report (and the name of any Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-sioner who submitted a request to the Com-mittee for each respective item included in such list) or a statement that the propo-sition contains no congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits; (11) the changes in existing law (if any) shown in accordance with clause 3 of House Rule XIII; (12) the determination required pursuant to section 5(b) of P.L. 92–463, if the legisla-tion reported establishes or authorizes the establishment of an advisory committee; (13) the information on Federal and inter-governmental mandates required by section 423(c) and (d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as added by the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act of 1995 (P.L. 104–4); (14) a statement regarding the applica-bility of section 102(b)(3) of the Congres-sional Accountability Act (P.L. 104–1); (15) a statement indicating whether any provision of the measure establishes or reau-thorizes a program of the Federal Govern-ment known to be duplicative of another Federal program. The Statement shall at a minimum explain whether— (A) any such program was included in any report from the Government Accountability Office to Congress pursuant to section 21 of P.L. 111–139; or (B) the most recent catalog of Federal Do-mestic Assistance, published pursuant to the Federal Program Information Act (P.L. 95– 220, as amended by P.L. 98–169), identified other programs related to the program es-tablished or reauthorized by the measure; and (16) a statement estimating the number of directed rule makings required by the meas-ure. (c) Supplemental, Minority, Additional, or Dissenting Views.—If, at the time of ap-proval of any measure or matter by the Com-mittee, any Member of the Committee gives notice of intention to file supplemental, mi-nority, additional, or dissenting views, all Members shall be entitled to not less than 2 subsequent calendar days (excluding Satur-days, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on such date) in which to file such writing and signed views with the Majority Staff Director of the Com-mittee. When time guaranteed by this para-graph has expired (or, if sooner, when all sep-arate views have been received), the Com-mittee may arrange to file its report with the Clerk of the House not later than 1 hour after the expiration of such time. All such views (in accordance with clause 2(l) of House Rule XI and clause 3(a)(1) of House Rule XIII), as filed by one or more Members of the Committee, shall be included within and made a part of the report filed by the Committee with respect to that bill or reso-lution. (d) Printing of Reports.—The report of the Committee on the measure or matter noted in paragraph (a) above shall be printed in a single volume, which shall: (1) include all supplemental, minority, ad-ditional, or dissenting views that have been submitted by the time of the filing of the re-port; and (2) bear on its cover a recital that any such supplemental, minority, additional, or dis-senting views (and any material submitted under clause 3(a)(1) of House Rule XII) are included as part of the report. (e) Immediate Printing; Supplemental Re-ports.—Nothing in this rule shall preclude— (1) the immediate filing or printing of a Committee report unless timely request for the opportunity to file supplemental, minor-ity, additional, or dissenting views has been made as provided by paragraph (c); or (2) the filing by the Committee of any sup-plemental report on any bill or resolution that may be required for the correction of any technical error in a previous report made by the Committee on that bill or reso-lution. (f) Availability of Printed Hearing Records.—If hearings have been held on any reported bill or resolution, the Committee shall make every reasonable effort to have the record of such hearings printed and available for distribution to the Members of the House prior to the consideration of such bill or resolution by the House. Each printed hearing of the Committee or any of its sub-committees shall include a record of the at-tendance of the Members. (g) Committee Prints.—All Committee or Subcommittee prints or other Committee or Subcommittee documents, other than re-ports or prints of bills, that are prepared for public distribution shall be approved by the Chairman of the Committee or the Com-mittee prior to public distribution. (h) Post Adjournment Filing of Committee Reports.—(1) After an adjournment of the last regular session of a Congress sine die, an investigative or oversight report approved by the Committee may be filed with the Clerk at any time, provided that if a Member gives notice at the time of approval of intention to file supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views, that Member shall be enti-tled to not less than 7 calendar days in which to submit such views for inclusion with the report. (2) After an adjournment of the last reg-ular session of a Congress sine die, the Chair-man of the Committee may file at any time with the Clerk the Committee’s activity re-port for that Congress pursuant to clause 1(d)(1) of House Rule XI without the approval of the Committee, provided that a copy of the report has been available to each Mem-ber of the Committee for at least 7 calendar days and the report includes any supple-mental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Com-mittee. (i) Conference.—The Chairman is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of House Rule XXII whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
RULE X .—OTHER COMMITTEE ACTIVITIES  (a) Authorization and Oversight Plan.—(1) Not later than February 15 of the first ses-sion of a Congress, the Chairman shall con-vene the Committee in a meeting that is open to the public to adopt its authorization and oversight plan for that Congress. Such plan shall be submitted simultaneously to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, to the Committee on House Administration, and the Committee on Ap-propriations. (2) Each such plan shall include, with re-spect to programs and agencies within the committee’s jurisdiction, and to the max-imum extent practicable— (A) a list of such programs or agencies with lapsed authorizations that received funding in the prior fiscal year or, in the case of a program or agency with a perma-nent authorization, which has not been sub-ject to a comprehensive review by the Com-mittee in the prior three Congresses; (B) a description of each such program or agency to be authorized in the current Con-gress; (C) a description of each such program or agency to be authorized in the next Con-gress, if applicable; (D) a description of any oversight to sup-port the authorization of each such program or agency in the current Congress; and (E) recommendations for changes to exist-ing law for moving such programs or agen-cies from mandatory funding to discre-tionary appropriations, where appropriate. (3) Each such plan may include, with re-spect to the programs and agencies within the Committee’s jurisdiction,— (A) recommendations for the consolidation or termination of such programs or agencies that are duplicative, unnecessary, or incon-sistent with the appropriate roles and re-sponsibilities of the Federal Government; (B) recommendations for changes to exist-ing law related to Federal rules, regulations, statutes, and court decisions affecting such programs and agencies that are inconsistent with the authorities of the Congress under Article I of the Constitution; and (C) a description of such other oversight activities as the Committee may consider necessary. (4) In the development of such plan, the Chairman of the Committee shall coordinate with other committees of jurisdiction to en-sure that programs and agencies are subject to routine, comprehensive authorization ef-forts. The Committee and its appropriate sub-committees shall review and study, on a con-tinuing basis, the impact or probable impact of tax policies affecting subjects within its jurisdiction as provided in clause 2(c) of House Rule X. The Committee shall include in the report filed pursuant to clause 1(d) of House Rule XI separate sections summa-rizing the legislative and oversight activities of the Committee under House Rule X and House Rule XI, a summary of the authoriza-tion and oversight plan submitted by the Committee under clause 2(d) of House Rule X, a summary of actions taken and rec-ommendations made with respect to the oversight and authorization plan, and a sum-mary of any additional oversight activities undertaken by the Committee and any rec-ommendations made or actions taken there-on. (b) Annual Appropriations.—The Com-mittee shall, in its consideration of all bills and joint resolutions of a public character within its jurisdiction, ensure that appro-priations for continuing programs and ac-tivities of the Federal government and the District of Columbia government will be made annually to the maximum extent fea-sible and consistent with the nature, require-ments, and objectives of the programs and activities involved. The Committee shall re-view, from time to time, each continuing program within its jurisdiction for which ap-propriations are not made annually in order to ascertain whether such program could be modified so that appropriations therefor would be made annually. (c) Budget Act Compliance: Views and Es-timates (See Appendix B).—Not later than 6 weeks after the President submits his budget under section 1105(a) of Title 31, United States Code, or at such time as the Com-mittee on the Budget may request, the Com-mittee shall, submit to the Committee on the Budget (1) its views and estimates with respect to all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fiscal year (under section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) that are within its jurisdiction or functions; and (2) an estimate of the total amounts of new budget authority, and budget outlays result-ing therefrom, to be provided or authorized in all bills and resolutions within its juris-diction that it intends to be effective during that fiscal year. (d) Budget Act Compliance: Recommended Changes.—Whenever the Committee is di-rected in a concurrent resolution on the budget to determine and recommend changes in laws, bills, or resolutions under the rec-onciliation process, it shall promptly make such determination and recommendations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.055 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH938 February 2, 2017 
and report a reconciliation bill or resolution (or both) to the House or submit such rec-ommendations to the Committee on the Budget, in accordance with the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. (e) Conference Committees.—Whenever in the legislative process it becomes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chairman shall, after consultation with the Ranking Minor-ity Member, determine the number of con-ferees the Chairman deems most suitable and then recommend to the Speaker as con-ferees, in keeping with the number to be ap-pointed by the Speaker as provided in clause 11 of House Rule I, the names of those Mem-bers of the Committee of not less than a ma-jority who generally supported the House po-sition and who were primarily responsible for the legislation. The Chairman shall, to the fullest extent feasible, include those Members of the Committee who were the principal proponents of the major provisions of the bill as it passed the House and such other Committee Members of the majority party as the Chairman may designate in con-sultation with the Members of the majority party. Such recommendations shall provide a ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members no less favorable to the ma-jority party than the ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members on the Committee. In making recommendations of Minority Party Members as conferees, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. (f) Hearing on Waste, Fraud, and Abuse.— (1) The Committee, or a Subcommittee, shall hold at least one hearing during each 120–day period following the establishment of the Committee on the topic of waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement in Government programs which the Committee may author-ize. (2) A hearing described in subparagraph (1) shall include a focus on the most egregious instances of waste, fraud, abuse, or mis-management as documented by any report the Committee has received from a Federal Office of the Inspector General or the Comp-troller General of the United States. (g) Hearing on Agency Financial State-ments.—The Committee or a Subcommittee, shall hold at least one hearing in any session in which the Committee has received dis-claimers of agency financial statements from auditors of any Federal agency that the Committee may authorize to hear testimony on such disclaimers from representatives of any such agency. (h) Hearing on GAO High-Risk-List.—The Committee or a Subcommittee, shall hold at least one hearing on issues raised by reports issued by the Comptroller General of the United States indicating that Federal pro-grams or operations that the Committee may authorize are at high risk for waste, fraud, and mismanagement, known as the ‘high-risk-list’ or the ‘high-risk series’. (i) Activities Report.—(1) Not later than January 2 of each odd-numbered year, the Committee shall submit to the House a re-port on the activities of the Committee. After adjournment sine die of the last reg-ular session of a Congress, or after December 15 of an even-numbered year, whichever oc-curs first, the Chair may file the report, a copy of which shall be made available to each Member of the Committee for at least 7 calendar days, with the Clerk of the House at any time. (2) Such report shall include separate sec-tions summarizing the legislative and over-sight activities of the Committee during that Congress. (3) The oversight section of such report shall include a summary of the oversight plans submitted by the Committee pursuant to clause 2(d) of House Rule X, a summary of the actions taken and recommendations made with respect to each such plan, and a summary of any additional oversight activi-ties undertaken by the Committee, and any recommendations made or actions taken with respect thereto. 
RULE XI .—SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) Number and Composition.—There shall be such subcommittees as specified in para-graph (c) of this rule. Each of such sub-committees shall be composed of the number of Members set forth in paragraph (c) of this rule, including ex officio Members.
1The Chairman may create additional subcommit-tees of an ad hoc nature as the Chairman de-termines to be appropriate, subject to any limitations provided for in the House Rules. (b) Ratios.—On each Subcommittee, there shall be a ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members which shall be consistent with the ratio on the full Com-mittee. In calculating the ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members, there shall be included the ex officio Mem-bers of the subcommittees and ratios below reflect that fact. (c) Jurisdiction.—Each Subcommittee shall have the following general jurisdiction and number of Members: General Farm Commodities and Risk Man-agement (23 members, 13 majority and 10 mi-nority)—Policies, statutes, and markets re-lating to commodities including barley, cot-ton, cottonseed, corn, grain sorghum, honey, mohair, oats, other oilseeds, peanuts, pulse crops, rice, soybeans, sugar, wheat, and wool; the Commodity Credit Corporation; risk management policies and statutes, including Federal Crop Insurance; producer data and privacy issues. Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit (16 members, 9 majority and 7 minority)— Policies, statutes, and markets relating to commodity exchanges; agricultural credit; rural development; energy; rural electrifica-tion. Conservation and Forestry (16 members, 9 majority and 7 minority)—Policies and stat-utes relating to resource conservation, for-estry, and all forests under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture. Nutrition (23 members, 13 majority and 10 minority)—Policies and statutes relating to nutrition, including the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program and domestic com-modity distribution and consumer initia-tives. Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research (16 members, 9 majority and 7 minority)— Policies, statutes, and markets relating to horticulture, including fruits, vegetables, nuts, and ornamentals; bees; and organic ag-riculture; policies and statutes relating to marketing and promotion orders; pest and disease management; bioterrorism; adultera-tion and quarantine matters; research, edu-cation, and extension; and biotechnology. Livestock and Foreign Agriculture (16 members, 9 majority and 7 minority)—Poli-cies, statutes, and markets relating to all livestock, poultry, dairy, and seafood, in-cluding all products thereof; the inspection, marketing, and promotion of such commod-ities and products; aquaculture; animal wel-fare; grazing; foreign agricultural assistance and trade promotion. (d) Referral of Legislation.— (1)(a) In General.—All bills, resolutions, and other matters referred to the Committee shall be referred to all subcommittees of ap-propriate jurisdiction within 2 weeks after being referred to the Committee. After con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, the Chairman may determine that the Committee will consider certain bills, reso-lutions, or other matters. (b) Trade Matters.—Unless action is other-wise taken under subparagraph (3), bills, res-olutions, and other matters referred to the Committee relating to foreign agriculture, foreign food or commodity assistance, and foreign trade and marketing issues will be considered by the Committee. (2) The Chairman, by a majority vote of the Committee, may discharge a Sub-committee from further consideration of any bill, resolution, or other matter referred to the Subcommittee and have such bill, resolu-tion, or other matter considered by the Com-mittee. The Committee having referred a bill, resolution, or other matter to a Sub-committee in accordance with this rule may discharge such Subcommittee from further consideration thereof at any time by a vote of the majority Members of the Committee for the Committee’s direct consideration or for reference to another Subcommittee. (3) Unless the Committee, a quorum being present, decides otherwise by a majority vote, the Chairman may refer bills, resolu-tions, legislation, or other matters not spe-cifically within the jurisdiction of a Sub-committee, or that is within the jurisdiction of more than one Subcommittee, jointly or exclusively as the Chairman deems appro-priate, including concurrently to the sub-committees with jurisdiction, sequentially to the subcommittees with jurisdiction (sub-ject to any time limits deemed appropriate), divided by subject matter among the sub-committees with jurisdiction, or to an ad hoc subcommittee appointed by the Chair-man for the purpose of considering the mat-ter and reporting to the Committee thereon, or make such other provisions deemed appro-priate. (e) Participation and Service of Committee Members on Subcommittees.—(1) The Chair-man and the Ranking Minority Member shall serve as ex officio Members of all sub-committees and shall have the right to vote on all matters before the subcommittees. The Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member may not be counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum. (2) Any Member of the Committee who is not a Member of the Subcommittee may have the privilege of sitting and nonparticipatory attendance at Sub-committee hearings or meetings in accord-ance with clause 2(g)(2) of House Rule XI. Such Member may not: (i) vote on any matter; (ii) be counted for the purpose of estab-lishing a quorum; (iii) participate in questioning a witness under the 5-Minute Rule, unless permitted to do so by the Subcommittee Chairman in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber or a majority of the Subcommittee, a quorum being present; (iv) raise points of order; or (v) offer amendments or motions. (f) Subcommittee Hearings and Meetings.— (1) Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and make recommendations to the Committee on all matters referred to it or under its juris-diction after consultation by the Sub-committee Chairman with the Committee Chairman. (See Committee Rule VIII.) (2) After consultation with the Committee Chairman, Subcommittee Chairmen shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their sub-committees and shall request the Majority Staff Director to make any announcement relating thereto. (See paragraph (b) of Com-mittee Rule VIII.) In setting the dates, the Committee Chairman and Subcommittee Chairman shall consult with other Sub-committee Chairmen and relevant Com-mittee and Subcommittee Ranking Minority Members in an effort to avoid simulta-neously scheduling Committee and Sub-committee meetings or hearings to the ex-tent practicable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.057 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H939 February 2, 2017 
(3) Notice of all Subcommittee meetings shall be provided to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee by the Majority Staff Director. (4) Subcommittees may hold meetings or hearings outside of the House if the Chair-man of the Committee and other Sub-committee Chairmen and the Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Subcommittee is con-sulted in advance to ensure that there is no scheduling problem. However, the majority of the Committee may authorize such meet-ing or hearing. (5) The provisions regarding notice and the agenda of Committee meetings under para-graph (a) of Committee Rule II and special or additional meetings under paragraph (b) of Committee Rule II shall apply to Sub-committee meetings. (6) If a vacancy occurs in a Subcommittee chairmanship, the Chairman may set the dates for hearings and meetings of the Sub-committee during the period of vacancy. The Chairman may also appoint an acting Sub-committee Chairman until the vacancy is filled. (g) Subcommittee Action.—(1) Any bill, resolution, recommendation, or other matter forwarded to the Committee by a Sub-committee shall be promptly forwarded by the Subcommittee Chairman or any Sub-committee Member authorized to do so by the Subcommittee. (2) Upon receipt of such recommendation, the Majority Staff Director of the Com-mittee shall promptly advise all Members of the Committee of the Subcommittee action. (3) The Committee shall not consider any matters recommended by subcommittees until 2 calendar days have elapsed from the date of action, unless the Chairman or a ma-jority of the Committee determines other-wise. (h) Subcommittee Investigations.—No in-vestigation shall be initiated by a Sub-committee without prior consultation with the Chairman of the Committee or a major-ity of the Committee. 
RULE XII .—COMMITTEE BUDGET , STAFF , AND 
TRAVEL  (a) Committee Budget.—The Chairman, in consultation with the majority Members of the Committee and the minority Members of the Committee, shall prepare a preliminary budget for each session of the Congress. Such budget shall include necessary amounts for staff personnel, travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and sub-committees. After consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman shall include an amount budgeted to minor-ity Members for staff under their direction and supervision. Thereafter, the Chairman shall combine such proposals into a consoli-dated Committee budget and shall take whatever action is necessary to have such budget duly authorized by the House. (b) Committee Staff.—(1) The Chairman shall appoint and determine the remunera-tion of, and may remove, the professional and clerical employees of the Committee not assigned to the minority. The professional and clerical staff of the Committee not as-signed to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chairman, who shall establish and assign the duties and responsibilities of such staff members and delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. (See clause 9 of House Rule X) (2) The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall appoint and determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the pro-fessional and clerical staff assigned to the minority within the budget approved for such purposes. The professional and clerical staff assigned to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee who may delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. (3) From the funds made available for the appointment of Committee staff pursuant to any primary or additional expense resolu-tion, the Chairman shall ensure that each Subcommittee is adequately funded and staffed to discharge its responsibilities and that the minority party is fairly treated in the appointment of such staff (See clause 6(d) of House Rule X). (c) Committee Travel.—(1) Consistent with the primary expense resolution and such ad-ditional expense resolution as may have been approved, the provisions of this rule shall govern official travel of Committee Members and Committee staff regarding domestic and foreign travel (See clause 8 of House Rule X). Official travel for any Member or any Com-mittee staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Of-ficial travel may be authorized by the Chair-man for any Committee Member and any Committee staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee and its subcommittees and meet-ings, conferences, facility inspections, and investigations which involve activities or subject matter relevant to the general juris-diction of the Committee. Before such au-thorization is given there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writing the following: (i) The purpose of the official travel; (ii) The dates during which the official travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the official travel is being made; (iii) The location of the event for which the official travel is to be made; and (iv) The names of Members and Committee staff seeking authorization. (2) In the case of official travel of Members and staff of a Subcommittee to hearings, meetings, conferences, facility inspections, and investigations involving activities or subject matter under the jurisdiction of such Subcommittee to be paid for out of funds al-located to the Committee, prior authoriza-tion must be obtained from the Sub-committee Chairman and the full Committee Chairman. Such prior authorization shall be given by the Chairman only upon the rep-resentation by the applicable Subcommittee Chairman in writing setting forth those items enumerated in clause (1). (3) Within 60 days of the conclusion of any official travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the Committee Chairman a written report covering the in-formation gained as a result of the hearing, meeting, conference, facility inspection, or investigation attended pursuant to such offi-cial travel. (4) Local currencies owned by the United States shall be made available to the Com-mittee and its employees engaged in car-rying out their official duties outside the United States, its territories or possessions. No appropriated funds shall be expended for the purpose of defraying expenses of Mem-bers of the Committee or its employees in any country where local currencies are avail-able for this purpose, and the following con-ditions shall apply with respect to their use of such currencies; (i) No Member or employee of the Com-mittee shall receive or expend local cur-rencies for subsistence in any country at a rate in excess of the maximum per diem rate set forth in applicable Federal law; and (ii) Each Member or employee of the Com-mittee shall make an itemized report to the Chairman within 60 days following the com-pletion of travel showing the dates each country was visited, the amount of per diem furnished, the cost of transportation fur-nished, and any funds expended for any other official purpose, and shall summarize in these categories the total foreign currencies and appropriated funds expended. All such individual reports shall be filed by the Chair-man with the Committee on House Adminis-tration and shall be open to public inspec-tion. RULE XIII .—AMENDMENT OF RULES  These Rules may be amended by a major-ity vote of the Committee. A proposed change in these Rules shall not be considered by the Committee as provided in clause 2 of House Rule XI, unless written notice of the proposed change has been provided to each Committee Member 2 legislative days in ad-vance of the date on which the matter is to be considered. Any such change in the Rules of the Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record within 30 calendar days after its approval. 
ENDNOTE  
1The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee serve as ex officio Members of the Subcommittees. (See para-graph (e) of this Rule). f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ 
AFFAIRS FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, February 2, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I respectfully submit for publication, the attached copy of the rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for the 115th Congress which were approved via voice vote by the Full Committee on January 31, 2017. Sincerely, D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. J
URISDICTION OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON  V
ETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  Rule X of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives establishes the standing com-mittees of the House and their jurisdiction. Under that rule, all bills, resolutions, and other matters relating to the subjects within the jurisdiction of any standing committee shall be referred to such committee. Clause 1(s) of Rule X establishes the jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs as fol-lows: (1) Veterans’ measures generally. (2) Cemeteries of the United States in which veterans of any war or conflict are or may be buried, whether in the United States or abroad (except cemeteries administered by the Secretary of the Interior). (3) Compensation, vocational rehabilita-tion, and education of veterans (4) Life insurance issued by the Govern-ment on account of service in the Armed Forces. (5) Pensions of all the wars of the United States, general and special. (6) Readjustment of servicemembers to civil life. (7) Servicemembers’ civil relief. (8) Veterans’ hospitals, medical care, and treatment of veterans. 
RULE 1 —GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) A
PPLICABILITY OF HOUSE RULES .—The Rules of the House are the rules of the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs and its sub-committees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.059 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH940 February 2, 2017 
are available, are non-debatable privileged motions in Committees and subcommittees. (b) S
UBCOMMITTEES .—Each subcommittee of the Committee is a part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. (c) I
NCORPORATION OF HOUSE RULE ON COM-
MITTEE PROCEDURE .—Rule XI of the Rules of the House, which pertains entirely to Com-mittee procedure, is incorporated and made part of the rules of the Committee to the ex-tent applicable. Pursuant to clause 2(a)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chair-man of the full Committee is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chair-man considers it appropriate. (d) V
ICECHAIRMAN .—Pursuant to clause 2(d) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman of the full Committee shall des-ignate the Vice Chairman of the Committee. 
RULE 2 —REGULAR AND ADDITIONAL MEETINGS  (a) R
EGULAR MEETINGS .—The regular meet-ing day for the Committee shall be at 10 a.m. on the second Wednesday of each month in such place as the Chairman may designate. However, the Chairman may dispense with a regular Wednesday meeting of the Com-mittee. (b) A
DDITIONAL MEETINGS .—The Chairman of the Committee may call and convene, as he considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Com-mittee business. The Committee shall meet for such purpose pursuant to the call of the Chairman. (c) N
OTICE .—The Chairman shall notify each Member of the Committee of the agen-da of each regular and additional meeting of the Committee at least 24 hours before the time of the meeting, except under cir-cumstances the Chairman determines to be of an emergency nature. Under such cir-cumstances, the Chairman shall make an ef-fort to consult the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, or in such Member’s absence, the next ranking minority party member of the Com-mittee. 
RULE 3 —MEETINGS AND HEARINGS GENERALLY  (a) O
PENMEETINGS AND HEARINGS .—Meet- ings and hearings of the Committee and each of its subcommittees shall be open to the public unless closed in accordance with clause 2(g) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. (b) A
NNOUNCEMENT OF HEARING .—The Chairman, in the case of a hearing to be con-ducted by the Committee, and the sub-committee Chairman, in the case of a hear-ing to be conducted by a subcommittee, shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least one week before the commencement of that hearing unless the Committee or the subcommittee determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing at an earlier date, in accordance with Rule XI, clause 2(g)(3)(B) of the Rules of the House of Representatives. In the latter event, the Chairman or the sub-committee Chairman, as the case may be, shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member and make such public announce-ment at the earliest possible date. The clerk of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Clerk of the Congressional Record and the Committee scheduling service of the House Information Resources as soon as pos-sible after such public announcement is made. (c) W
IRELESS TELEPHONE USEPROHIBITED .— No person may use a wireless telephone dur-ing a Committee or subcommittee meeting or hearing. (d) MEDIA COVERAGE .—Any meeting of the Committee or its subcommittees that is open to the public shall be open to coverage by radio, television, and still photography in ac-cordance with the provisions of clause 4(f) of House rule XI as follows: (1) If audio or visual coverage of the hear-ing or meeting is to be presented to the pub-lic as live coverage, that coverage shall be conducted and presented without commer-cial sponsorship. (2) The allocation among the television media of the positions or the number of tele-vision cameras permitted by a committee or subcommittee chair in a hearing or meeting room shall be in accordance with fair and eq-uitable procedures devised by the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Cor-respondents’ Galleries. (3) Television cameras shall be placed so as not to obstruct in any way the space between a witness giving evidence or testimony and any Member of the Committee or the visi-bility of that witness and that Member to each other. (4) Television cameras shall operate from fixed positions but may not be placed in posi-tions that obstruct unnecessarily the cov-erage of the hearing or meeting by the other media. (5) Equipment necessary for coverage by the television and radio media may not be installed in, or removed from, the hearing or meeting room while the committee is in ses-sion. (6)(A) Except as provided in subdivision (B), floodlights, spotlights, strobe lights, and flashguns may not be used in providing any method of coverage of the hearing or meet-ing. (B) The television media may install addi-tional lighting in a hearing or meeting room, without cost to the Government, in order to raise the ambient lighting level in a hearing or meeting room to the lowest level nec-essary to provide adequate television cov-erage of a hearing or meeting at the current state of the art of television coverage. (7) If requests are made by more of the media than will be permitted by a com-mittee or subcommittee chair for coverage of a hearing or meeting by still photography, that coverage shall be permitted on the basis of a fair and equitable pool arrangement de-vised by the Standing Committee of Press Photographers. (8) Photographers may not position them-selves between the witness table and the Members of the Committee at any time dur-ing the course of a hearing or meeting. (9) Photographers may not place them-selves in positions that obstruct unneces-sarily the coverage of the hearing by the other media. (10) Personnel providing coverage by the television and radio media shall be currently accredited to the Radio and Television Cor-respondents’ Galleries. (11) Personnel providing coverage by still photography shall be currently accredited to the Press Photographers’ Gallery. (12) Personnel providing coverage by the television and radio media and by still pho-tography shall conduct themselves and their coverage activities in an orderly and unob-trusive manner. (e) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TESTIMONY  (1) Each witness who is to appear before the Committee or a subcommittee shall file with the clerk of the Committee, at least 48 hours (exclusive of weekends and holidays) in advance of his or her appearance, or at such other time as designated by the Chair-man after consultation with the Ranking Member, a written statement of his or her proposed testimony. Each witness shall, to the greatest extent practicable, also provide a copy of such written testimony in an elec-tronic format prescribed by the Chairman. Each witness shall limit any oral presen-tation to a summary of the written state-ment. (2) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House: (A) In the case of a witness appearing in a non-governmental capacity, a written state-ment of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign govern-ment, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness and related to the sub-ject matter of the hearing. (B) The disclosure required by this Rule shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or con-tract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing and the amount and country of origin of any pay-ment or contract related to the subject mat-ter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. (f) CALLING AND QUESTIONING WITNESSES  (1) Committee and subcommittee members may question witnesses only when they have been recognized by the Chairman of the Com-mittee or subcommittee for that purpose, and only for a 5-minute period until all mem-bers present have had an opportunity to question a witness. The 5-minute period for questioning a witness by any one member may be extended only with the unanimous consent of all members present. The ques-tioning of witnesses in both Committee and subcommittee hearings shall be initiated by the Chairman, followed by the ranking mi-nority party member and all other members alternating between the majority and minor-ity. Except as otherwise announced by the Chairman at the beginning of a hearing, members who are present at the start of the hearing will be recognized before other mem-bers who arrive after the hearing has begun. In recognizing members to question wit-nesses in this fashion, the Chairman shall take into consideration the ratio of the ma-jority to minority members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to dis-advantage the members of the majority. (2) Notwithstanding the provisions of para-graph (1) regarding the 5-minute rule, the Chairman after consultation with the Rank-ing Minority Member may designate an equal number of members of the Committee or subcommittee majority and minority party to question a witness for a period not longer than 30 minutes, In no event shall the Chairman allow a member to question a wit-ness for an extended period under this rule until all members present have had the op-portunity to ask questions under the 5- minute rule. The Chairman after consulta-tion with the Ranking Minority Member may permit Committee staff for its majority and minority party members to question a witness for equal specified periods of time. (3) Non-Committee Members may be in-vited to sit at the dais for and participate in Committee hearings with the unanimous consent of all Members present. Further, non-Committee Members may be recognized for questioning of witnesses but only after all Committee Members have first been rec-ognized. (4) When a hearing is conducted by the Committee or a subcommittee on any meas-ure or matter, the minority party members on the Committee shall be entitled, upon re-quest to the Chairman of a majority of those minority members before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of the hearing thereon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.040 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H941 February 2, 2017 
(g) S UBPOENAS .—Pursuant to clause 2(m) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, subpoenas may be authorized and issued by the Com-mittee or a subcommittee in the conduct of any investigation or series of investigations or activities, only when authorized by a ma-jority of the members voting, a majority being present. (h) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS  (1) The text of all bills or resolutions for markup, and any amendments in the nature of a substitute to such bills or resolution to be first recognized by the Chairman, shall be made available, via written or electronic no-tice, to Committee members at least 48 hours prior to a scheduled markup, except as agreed to by unanimous consent. (2) Subject to the second sentence of this paragraph, it shall not be in order for the Committee to consider any amendment pro-posed to a bill or resolution under consider-ation by the Committee, or proposed to an amendment in the nature of a substitute no-ticed under paragraph (1), unless a written or electronic copy of such amendment has been delivered to each Member of the Committee (or subcommittee for purposes of sub-committee markups) at least 24 hours before the meeting at which the amendment is to be proposed, and such amendment is in com-pliance with subsection (i) of this rule. This paragraph may be waived by unanimous con-sent and shall apply only when the 48-hour written notice has been provided in accord-ance with paragraph (1). (i) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE SCOR-
ING.—The Committee shall not include any bill or resolution for consideration during a Committee markup which is not accom-panied by an accounting from the Congres-sional Budget Office of the mandatory and discretionary costs or savings associated with such bill or resolution. The accounting from the Congressional Budget Office need not be official, but is ex-pected to provide Committee members with an approximation of the budgetary impact a bill or resolution may have prior to any vote to favorably forward or report such bill or resolution. The requirements of this para-graph may be waived by a majority of Com-mittee members, a quorum being present. 
RULE 4 —QUORUM AND RECORD VOTES ; 
POSTPONEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS  (a) W
ORKING QUORUM .—A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for business and a majority of the members of any subcommittee shall con-stitute a quorum thereof for business, except that two members shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and re-ceiving evidence. (b) Q
UORUM FOR REPORTING .—No measure or recommendation shall be reported to the House of Representatives unless a majority of the Committee was actually present. (c) R
ECORD VOTES.—A record vote may be demanded by one-fifth of the members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one member. With respect to any record vote on any motion to amend or report, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those mem-bers voting for and against, shall be included in the report of the Committee on the bill or resolution. (d) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST PROXY VOTING .— No vote by any member of the Committee or a subcommittee with respect to any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. (e) P
OSTPONING PROCEEDINGS .—Committee and subcommittee chairmen may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is or-dered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment, and may resume proceedings within two legisla-tive days on a postponed question after rea-sonable notice. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain sub-ject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was post-poned. RULE 5 —SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) E
STABLISHMENT AND JURISDICTION . (1) There shall be four subcommittees of the Committee as follows: (A) Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, which shall have legis-lative, oversight, and investigative jurisdic-tion over compensation; general and special pensions of all the wars of the United States; life insurance issued by the Government on account of service in the Armed Forces; cemeteries of the United States in which vet-erans of any war or conflict are or may be buried, whether in the United States or abroad, except cemeteries administered by the Secretary of the Interior; burial benefits; the Board of Veterans’ Appeals; and the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. (B) Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-tunity, which shall have legislative, over-sight, and investigative jurisdiction over education of veterans, employment and training of veterans, vocational rehabilita-tion, veterans’ housing programs, transition of servicemembers to civilian life, civil serv-ice reform and other employee related issues at the Department of Veterans Affairs, and servicemembers civil relief. (C) Subcommittee on Health, which shall have legislative, oversight, and investigative jurisdiction over the Veterans Health Ad-ministration (VHA) including medical serv-ices, medical support and compliance, med-ical facilities, medical and prosthetic re-search, homeless programs, and major and minor construction. (D) Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, which shall have oversight and in-vestigative jurisdiction over veterans’ mat-ters generally, and over such matters as may be referred to the subcommittee by the Chairman of the full Committee for its over-sight or investigation and for its appropriate recommendations. The subcommittee shall have legislative jurisdiction over informa-tion technology and procurement generally, and over such bills or resolutions as may be referred to it by the Chairman of the full Committee. (2) Each subcommittee shall have responsi-bility for such other measures or matters as the Chairman refers to it. (b) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the mem-bership of a subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining members to exe-cute the functions of that subcommittee. (c) R
ATIOS .—On each subcommittee, there shall be a ratio of majority party members to minority party members, which shall be consistent with the ratio on the full Com-mittee. (d) R
EFERRAL TO SUBCOMMITTEES .—The Chairman of the Committee may refer a measure or matter, which is within the gen-eral responsibility of more than one of the subcommittees of the Committee, as the Chairman deems appropriate. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chairman of the Committee may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall re-port thereon to the Committee. (e) P
OWERS AND DUTIES  (1) Each subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Sub-committee chairmen shall set dates for hear-ings and meetings of their respective sub-committees after consultation with the Chairman of the Committee and other sub-committee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Com-mittee and subcommittee meetings or hear-ings whenever possible. (2) Whenever a subcommittee has ordered a bill, resolution, or other matter to be re-ported to the Committee, the Chairman of the subcommittee reporting the bill, resolu-tion, or matter to the full Committee, or any member authorized by the subcommittee to do so, shall notify the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee of the subcommittee’s action. (3) A member of the Committee who is not a member of a particular subcommittee may sit with the subcommittee during any of its meetings and hearings, but shall not have authority to vote, cannot be counted for a quorum, and cannot raise a point of order at the meeting or hearing. (4) Non-Committee Members may be in-vited to sit at the dais for and participate in subcommittee hearings with the unanimous consent of all Members present. Further, non-Committee Members may be recognized for questioning of witnesses but only after all subcommittee Members have first been recognized for questioning. (5) Each subcommittee shall provide the Committee with copies of such record votes taken in subcommittee and such other records with respect to the subcommittee as the Chairman of the Committee deems nec-essary for the Committee to comply with all rules and regulations of the House. RULE 6 —GENERAL OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITY  (a) P
URPOSE .—Pursuant to clause 2 of Rule X of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall carry out oversight responsibilities. In order to assist the House in— (1) Its analysis, appraisal, evaluation of— (A) The application, administration, execu-tion, and effectiveness of the laws enacted by the Congress, or (B) Conditions and circumstances, which may indicate the necessity or desirability of enacting new or additional legislation, and (2) Its formulation, consideration and en-actment of such modifications or changes in those laws, and of such additional legisla-tion, as may be necessary or appropriate, the Committee and its various subcommittees, consistent with their jurisdiction as set forth in Rule 5, shall have oversight respon-sibilities as provided in subsection (b). (b) R
EVIEW OF LAWS AND PROGRAMS .—The Committee and its subcommittees shall re-view and study, on a continuing basis, the applications, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within the ju-risdiction of the Committee or sub-committee, and the organization and oper-ation of the Federal agencies and entities having responsibilities in or for the adminis-tration and execution thereof, in order to de-termine whether such laws and the programs thereunder are being implemented and car-ried out in accordance with the intent of the Congress and whether such programs should be continued, curtailed, or eliminated. In ad-dition, the Committee and its subcommit-tees shall review and study any conditions or circumstances which may indicate the neces-sity or desirability of enacting new or addi-tional legislation within the jurisdiction of the Committee or subcommittee (whether or not any bill or resolution has been intro-duced with respect thereto), and shall on a continuing basis undertake future research and forecasting on matters within the juris-diction of the Committee or subcommittee. (c) O
VERSIGHT PLAN.—Not later than Feb-ruary 15 of the first session of a Congress, the Committee shall meet in open session, with a quorum present, to adopt its over-sight plans for that Congress for submission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.041 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH942 February 2, 2017 
to the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, in accordance with the provi-sions of clause 2(d) of Rule X of the Rules of the House. (d) O
VERSIGHT BY SUBCOMMITTEES .—The ex- istence and activities of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations shall in no way limit the responsibility of the other sub-committees of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for carrying out oversight duties. 
RULE 7 —BUDGET ACT RESPONSIBILITIES  (a) B
UDGET ACTRESPONSIBILITIES .—Pursu- ant to clause 4(f)(1) of Rule X of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall submit to the Committee on the Budget not later than six weeks after the President submits his budget, or at such time as the Committee on the Budget may request— (1) Its views and estimates with respect to all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fis-cal year that are within its jurisdiction or functions; and (2) An estimate of the total amounts of new budget authority, and budget outlays re-sulting therefrom, to be provided or author-ized in all bills and resolutions within its ju-risdiction that it intends to be effective dur-ing that fiscal year. 
RULE 8 —RECORDS AND OTHER MATTERS  (a) T
RANSCRIPTS .—There shall be a tran-script made of each regular and additional meeting and hearing of the Committee and its subcommittees. Any such transcript shall be a substantially verbatim account of re-marks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections authorized by the person making the remarks involved. (b) R
ECORDS .— (1) The Committee shall keep a record of all actions of the Committee and each of its subcommittees. The record shall contain all information required by clause 2(e)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House and shall be available for public inspection at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. (2) There shall be kept in writing a record of the proceedings of the Committee and each of its subcommittees, including a record of the votes on any question on which a recorded vote is demanded. The result of each such record vote shall be made avail-able by the Committee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order or other proposition and the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or propo-sition, and the names of those members present but not voting. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF ARCHIVED RECORDS .— The records of the Committee at the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the Rank-ing Minority Member of any decision, pursu-ant to clause 3 or clause 4 of Rule VII of the Rules of the House, to withhold a record oth-erwise available, and the matter shall be pre-sented to the Committee for a determination on written request of any member of the Committee. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF PUBLICATIONS .—Pursu- ant to clause 2(e)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form to the maximum extent feasible. 
RULE 9 —TRAVEL  (a) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TRAVEL .—All re- quests for travel, funded by the Committee, for Members and staff in connection with ac-tivities or subject matters under the general jurisdiction of the Committee, shall be sub-mitted to the Chair for approval or dis-approval. All travel requests should be sub-mitted to the Chair at least five working days in advance of the proposed travel. For all travel funded by any other source, notice shall be given to the Chair at least five working days in advance of the proposed travel. All travel requests shall be submitted to the Chair in writing and include the fol-lowing: (1) The purpose of the travel. (2) The dates during which the travel is to occur. (3) The names of the locations to be visited and the length of time to be spent in each. (4) The names of members and staff of the Committee for whom the authorization is sought. Travel by the minority shall be sub-mitted to the Chair via the Ranking Mem-ber. (b) TRIP REPORTS .—Members and staff shall make a written report to the Chair within 15 working days on all travel ap-proved under this subsection. Reports shall include a description of their itinerary, ex-penses, and activities, and pertinent infor-mation gained as a result of such travel. When travel involves majority and minor-ity Members or staff, the majority shall sub-mit the report to the Chair on behalf of the majority and minority. The minority may append additional remarks to the report at their discretion. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF HOUSE RULES .—Mem- bers and staff of the Committee performing authorized travel on official business shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and regulations of the House and of the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
RULE 10 —FACILITY NAMING  (a) F
ACILITY NAMING .—No Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) facility or property shall be named after any individual by the Committee unless: (1) Such individual is deceased and was: (A) A veteran who (i) was instrumental in the construction or the operation of the fa-cility to be named, or (ii) was a recipient of the Medal of Honor or, as determined by the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, otherwise performed military service of an extraordinarily distinguished character; (B) A Member of the United States House of Representatives or Senate who had a di-rect association with such facility; (C) An Administrator of Veterans’ Affairs, a Secretary of Veterans Affairs, a Secretary of Defense or of a service branch, or a mili-tary or other Federal civilian official of com-parable or higher rank; or (D) An individual who, as determined by the Chairman and Ranking Minority Mem-ber, performed outstanding service for vet-erans. (2) Each Member of the Congressional dele-gation representing the State in which the designated facility is located must indicate in writing such Member’s support of the pro-posal to name such facility after such indi-vidual. Evidence of a Member’s support in writing may either be in the form of a letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member or co-sponsorship of legislation proposing to name the particular VA facility in question. (3) The pertinent State department or chapter of each Congressionally chartered veterans’ organization having a national membership of at least 500,000 must indicate in writing its support of such proposal. (b) The above criteria for naming a VA fa-cility may be waived by unanimous consent. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, February 3, 2017, at 9 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
449. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — End Use Certificates (EUCs) [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0004] (RIN: 0790- AJ05) received January 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 450. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s joint final rule — Community Rein-vestment Act Regulations (RIN: 3064-AD90) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 451. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of Housing — Federal Housing Commis-sioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Federal Housing Administration: Strengthening the Home Equity Conversion Mortgage Program [Dock-et No.: FR-5353-F-03] (RIN: 2502-AI79) re-ceived January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 452. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Disapproval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; Interstate Transport for Wyo-ming [EPA-R08-OAR-2016-0521; FRL-9959-15- Region 8] received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 453. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Interstate Transport for Utah [EPA-R08-OAR-2016-0588; FRL-9959-18-Region 8] received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 454. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Air Quality State Implementation Plans; Nevada; Infrastruc-ture Requirements to Address Interstate Transport for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA- R09-OAR-2014-0812; FRL-9958-82-Region 9] re-ceived January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 455. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Findings of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plan Submittals for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA-HQ-OAR-2016-0646; FRL-9958-70-OAR] received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.042 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H943 February 2, 2017 
456. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to Sudan Licensing Policy [Docket No.: 160901810-6810-01] (RIN: 0694-AH10) re-ceived January 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 457. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Revised Inspection of Records and Related Fees [Docket No.: EP 737] received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 458. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Standardized Bycatch Reporting Methodology [Docket No.: 1512-01999-6969-02] (RIN: 0648-BF51) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 459. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Removal of Vessel Upgrade Restrictions for Swordfish Directed Limited Access and At-lantic Tunas Longline Category Permits [Docket No.: 160531477-6999-02] (RIN: 0648- BG10) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 460. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fisheries; Amendment 16 [Docket No.: 160706587-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-BG21) re-ceived January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 461. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Revisions to Framework Adjustment 55 to the Northeast Multispecies Fishery Management Plan [Docket No.: 160929900- 6900-01] (RIN: 0648-XE927) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 462. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; 2016-2018 Atlantic Bluefish Specifications; Correction [Docket No.: 151130999-682603] (RIN: 0648- XE336) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 463. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfers [Docket No.: 151130999-6225- 01] (RIN: 0648-XF049) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 464. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Witch Flounder Trimester Total Allow-able Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XF030) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 465. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial and Recreational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #6 Through #21 [Docket No.: 151117999-6370-01] (RIN: 0648-XE680) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 466. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; North Atlantic Swordfish Fishery [Docket No.: 120627194-3657-02] (RIN: 0648- XF062) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 467. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Georges Bank Cod Trimester Total Al-lowable Catch Area Closure and Possession Prohibition for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648- XF133) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 468. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Adjust-ment to the Atlantic Herring Management Area 1A Annual Catch Limit [Docket No.: 151215999-6960-02] (RIN:0648-XF071) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 469. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commer-cial Quota Harvested for the State of Con-necticut [Docket No.: 150903814-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF096) received January 31, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 470. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2017 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XF108) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 471. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Monkfish; Framework Adjustment 9 [Docket No.: 150306232-6736-02] (RIN: 0648- BE96) received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 472. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-ministrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Recreational Management Measures for the Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Fisheries; Fishing Year 2016 [Dock-et No.: 160301167-6658-02] (RIN: 0648-BF89) re-ceived January 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 473. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Adjustment of Civil Penalties for Inflation for FY 2017 [NRC-2016-0165] (RIN: 3150-AJ82) received January 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 474. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Rules Relating to Board-Initiated Investigations [Docket No.: EP 731] received January 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 475. A letter from the Director, Office of External Affairs, Economic Development Ad-ministration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regional Innovation Program [Docket No.: 160615526-6999-02] (RIN: 0610-AA68) received January 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M ARINO , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ): H.R. 816. A bill to amend the ICCVAM Au-thorization Act of 2000 to improve reporting about animal testing and alternative test method use by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J
UDY CHU of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.000 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH944 February 2, 2017 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER ): H.R. 817. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent surprise bill-ing practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. C
OSTA ): H.R. 818. A bill to safeguard the Crime Vic-tims Fund; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. G
AETZ ): H.R. 819. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prohibit aliens in an un-lawful immigration status from claiming the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 820. A bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. E STY, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H
OYER ): H.R. 821. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the child credit for children under the age of 6, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Ms. P
ELOSI , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. K IND, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. K EATING , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. H OYER , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. C OHEN ): H.R. 822. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make improvements in the earned income tax credit; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. N EAL, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E
STY, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Il-linois, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
IND, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T
ED LIEU of California, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Miss R
ICE of New York, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H
OYER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. H ECK, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. P AYNE ): H.R. 823. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the American Opportunity Tax Credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 824. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to prohibit expenditure of cer-tain transportation and infrastructure funds for a project located in a sanctuary jurisdic-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. P
EARCE ): H.R. 825. A bill to promote the develop-ment of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself and Mr. B
UDD): H.R. 826. A bill to require the head of each executive agency to relocate such agency outside of the Washington, D.C., metropoli-tan area, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 827. A bill to establish certain con-servation and recreation areas in the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. ROUZER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , and Mr. P ERRY ): H.R. 828. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the deferral of inclusion in gross income for capital gains reinvested in opportunity zones; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 829. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to clarify the treatment of lottery winnings and other lump sum in-come for purposes of income eligibility under the Medicaid program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R USH, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. S MITH of New Jer-sey, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. W EBER of Texas): H.R. 830. A bill to contain, reverse, and deter Russian aggression in Ukraine, to as-sist Ukraine’s democratic transition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BOST (for himself, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. M
ARSHALL , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. C OMER , Mr. S
OTO, and Mr. A LLEN ): H.R. 831. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 1961 to modify the limitations applica-ble to qualified conservation loan guaran-tees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 832. A bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code to require that arbitra-tion proceedings in certain disputes involv-ing consumer financial products and services be open to the public; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. M AST, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C RIST, and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida): H.R. 833. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 with respect to the acquisition of beach fill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 834. A bill to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor posthumously to Doris Miller for acts of valor during the World War II while a member of the Navy; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. T IPTON ): H.R. 835. A bill to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds Na-tional Monument; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 836. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a standard home office deduction; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.100 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H945 February 2, 2017 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. E VANS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. R
UIZ, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. L
EE, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. E
NGEL , and Ms. T ITUS): H.R. 837. A bill to prohibit construction of a continuous wall or fence between the United States and Mexico, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Home-land Security, and Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 838. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit a can-didate for election for Federal office from using amounts contributed to the can-didate’s campaign to make payments to ven-dors owned or controlled by the candidate or by an immediate family member of the can-didate; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 839. A bill to prevent the enrichment of certain Government officers and employ-ees or their families through Federal funds or contracting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 840. A bill to amend the Ethics in Gov-ernment Act of 1978 to require the President, Vice President, and Cabinet-level officers to release their tax returns, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. E
LLISON ): H.R. 841. A bill to prohibit the appropria-tion of funds to the Executive Office of the President until the restoration of the White House phone-in comment line; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. MESSER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 842. A bill to direct the Librarian of Congress to ensure that each version of a bill or resolution which is made available for viewing on the Congress.gov website is pre-sented in a manner which permits the viewer to follow and track online, within the same document, any changes made from previous versions of the bill or resolution; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C
RAMER , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. S
ESSIONS , and Mr. B IGGS): H.J. Res. 60. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service relating to the use of compensatory mitigation as recommended or required under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. WOMACK (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio): H.J. Res. 61. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States giving Congress power to pro-hibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H. Con. Res. 19. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress regarding re-consideration of the merits of awarding the Medal of Honor posthumously to Doris Mil-ler for acts of valor during World War II for which he was originally awarded the Navy Cross; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HARPER: H. Res. 82. A resolution electing Members to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library and the Joint Committee on Print-ing; to the Committee on House Administra-tion; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H. Res. 83. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Ethics in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. E STY, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H. Res. 84. A resolution expressing support for designation of February 4, 2017, as Na-tional Cancer Prevention Day; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. L EE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. K IND, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C
OHEN ): H. Res. 85. A resolution expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives to continue to support pledges made by the United States in the Paris Agreement; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3 of the Constitution By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and the Six-teenth Amendment By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, and the Six-teenth Amendment. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8 and the 16th Amend-ment of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution provides with the power to estab-lish ‘‘uniform rule of naturalization.’’ By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. (The Prop-erty Clause.) The Property Clause gives Congress the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-tory or other property belonging to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.100 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH946 February 2, 2017 
United States; and states that nothing in the constitution shall be so construed as to prej-udice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state. Currently, the federal government possesses approximately 1.8 bil-lion acres of land. The U.S. constitution spe-cifically addresses the relationship of the federal government to land. The Property Clause gives Congress ple-nary power and full-authority over federal property. The U.S. Supreme Court has de-scribed Congress’s power to legislate under this Clause as ‘‘without limitation.’’ This Act falls squarely within the express con-stitutional power set forth in the Property Clause. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power . . . Clause 17: To exercise exclusive Legisla-tion in all Cases whatsoever, over such Dis-trict (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places pur-chased by the Consent of the Legislatue of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenalsm dock-yards, and other needful Buildings; And Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States, as enumer-ated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which states that Congress shall have the power to ‘‘regu-late commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states . . .’’ By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Article Section I of the United States Consititution, which provides Con-gress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its pur-pose in taxing and spending. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 836. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: article I, section 8, clause 18 By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 841. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 842. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.J. Res. 60. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WOMACK: H.J. Res. 61. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V, U.S. Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 34: Mr. C OMER , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia, and Mr. A MASH . H.R. 38: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 80: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 82: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 112: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 193: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 244: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 245: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 257: Mr. W
ILLIAMS and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 275: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 281: Mr. A
MODEI and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 299: Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. M AST, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 303: Mr. C
ALVERT , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H.R. 355: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. D ESANTIS . H.R. 365: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 376: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. K
IND, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 387: Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. B
EN RAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 422: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 428: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 448: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 457: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 489: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 502: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 512: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 529: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 544: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 548: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 578: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 611: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York. H.R. 624: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 635: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 637: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 647: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 676: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R USH, and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 696: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. K EATING , and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 721: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 722: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 739: Ms. L
EE, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. S
OTO, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 741: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 748: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 749: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 750: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. N
OLAN , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. R YANof 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.003 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H947 February 2, 2017 
Ohio, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. W
OODALL , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P AULSEN , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 761: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 772: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 778: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 785: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 786: Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 787: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 795: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 800: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 804: Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S ARBANES , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. C LAY, Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.J. Res. 27: Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M
OONEY of West Vir-ginia. H.J. Res. 37: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.J. Res. 55: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , H.J. Res. 57: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Ms. F OXX. H.J. Res. 58: Ms. F
OXXand Mr. S ESSIONS . H.J. Res. 59: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , and Mr. M ARCHANT . H. Con. Res. 16: Ms. FUDGE . H. Res. 15: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois, Mr. K
ILDEE , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H. Res. 66: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H. Res. 78: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. M OORE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. Maxine Waters of Cali-fornia, Mr. K
IND, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. J
EFFRIES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.013 H02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S609 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2017 No. 18 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
AN S
ULLIVAN , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, who remains the same when all else fades, thank You for loving and using us for Your glory. Guide our Senators in the footsteps of those who were willing to risk all for freedom, who transformed dark yester-days into bright tomorrows. Lord, uphold our Nation with Your wisdom and might, enabling it to con-tinue to be a city of refuge for those whose hearts yearn for freedom. Keep us all from untimely and self-made cares, as we continue to look to You, the Author and Finisher of our faith. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The bill clerk read the following let-ter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 2, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANSULLIVAN , a Sen- ator from the State of Alaska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. SULLIVAN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 274 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 274) to nullify the effect of the re-cent executive order that temporarily re-stricted individuals from certain countries from entering the United States. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I was surprised by a statement my friend the Democratic leader made right here yesterday. I am glad he came back to the floor to correct himself, though. I think we all appreciated the Demo-cratic leader making clear that Repub-licans did not—let me repeat, did not— insist on 60-vote thresholds for either of President Obama’s two first-term Supreme Court nominees. Did not. We thank the Democratic leader for clear-ing that up. His statement also re-minds us that both of the Supreme Court Justices President Clinton nomi-nated got straight up-or-down votes as well. There is no reason someone like Judge Gorsuch, who has received wide-spread acclaim from both sides of the aisle, should be treated differently now. When he was nominated to his cur-rent seat on the court of appeals, Judge Gorsuch received the American Bar As-sociation’s highest possible rating— unanimously ‘‘well qualified.’’ At his confirmation hearing, no one had a sin-gle negative word to say about him— not a single negative word. At his con-firmation vote, no one cast a negative vote against him—not then-Senator Obama, not then-Senators Clinton, Biden, or Kennedy, and not my good friend Senator SCHUMER , either. Judge Gorsuch was confirmed in exception-ally fast time for a court of appeals nominee—just 2 months. So you have to wonder, if this nominee was so non-controversial in 2006 that a rollcall vote was not even required, what could possibly have changed since to justify threats of extraordinary treatment now? What has happened in the last 10 years? If the Democratic leader or any-one else in his conference did not raise a concern in committee or cast a single negative vote then, let alone even ask for a rollcall vote, what could possibly justify these so-called grave concerns— grave concerns—he claims to have now? Professor Laurence Tribe, President Obama’s law school mentor, called Judge Gorsuch a ‘‘brilliant, terrific guy who would do the Court’s work with distinction.’’ This is Laurence Tribe, the President’s constitutional law pro-fessor, one of the best-known liberal professors in the country. Neal Katyal, President Obama’s top Supreme Court lawyer, lauded Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.000 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES610 February 2, 2017 
Gorsuch as ‘‘one of the most thought-ful and brilliant judges to have served our nation over the last century.’’ Over the last century. That is President Obama’s Supreme Court lawyer. The left-leaning Denver Post re-cently highlighted Judge Gorsuch’s reputation as a ‘‘brilliant legal mind’’ who applies the law ‘‘fairly and con-sistently.’’ I am happy to report that we have even been assured by liberal talk show host Rachel Maddow that Gorsuch is ‘‘a relatively mainstream choice.’’ Rachel Maddow. Turns out, in the years since Judge Gorsuch’s unopposed Senate confirma-tion, he has shown himself to be the very kind of judge everyone hoped he would be, one who demonstrates a ‘‘sense of fairness and impartiality’’ that Democratic then-Senator Salazar lauded him for in 2006, which Salazar called a ‘‘keystone for being a judge.’’ That was the Democratic Senator from Colorado when he was confirmed in 2006. That was Judge Neil Gorsuch’s rep-utation back then, and it is his richly deserved reputation still, as those in both parties who have known and worked with him continue to tell us. As one Democrat and Denver attorney put it, Judge Gorsuch is ‘‘smart [and] he’s independent.’’ The things we have heard from so many about Judge Gorsuch—smart and independent, fair and impartial, thoughtful and bril-liant—are just the qualities we should expect in our next Supreme Court Jus-tice. They are the same qualities I am confident Judge Gorsuch will bring to the Court. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this Republican-led Congress is committed to fulfilling our promises to the Amer-ican people. That work continues now as we consider legislation to push back against the harmful regulations from the Obama administration. On its way out the door, the Obama administra-tion forced nearly 40—40—major and very costly regulations on the Amer-ican people. Fortunately, we now have the opportunity to work with a new President to begin bringing relief from those burdensome regulations. Last night, the House sent us two resolutions under the Congressional Review Act—one of the best tools at our disposal to undo these heavy-handed regulations. This afternoon, the Senate will have the opportunity to pass the first of these resolutions, a measure to over-turn the stream buffer rule. The resolu-tion before us now is identical to the one I introduced earlier this week, and it aims to put a stop to the former ad-ministration’s blatant attack on coal miners. In my home State of Kentucky and others across the Nation, the stream buffer rule will cause major damage to communities and threaten coal jobs. One study actually estimated that this regulation would put as many as one-third of coal-related jobs at risk. That is why the Kentucky Coal Association called it ‘‘a regulation in search of a problem.’’ They joined with the United Mine Workers of American and the attorneys general of 14 States on both sides of the aisle urging Con-gress to act. We should heed their call now and begin bringing relief to coal country. Today’s vote on this resolu-tion represents a good step in that di-rection. Once our work is complete on this legislation, we will turn to another House-passed resolution that will pro-tect American companies from being at a disadvantage when doing business overseas. Although the Securities and Exchange Commission may have had good intentions, the resource extrac-tion rule costs American public compa-nies up to nearly $600 million annually and gives foreign-owned businesses in Russia and China an advantage over American workers. We all want to in-crease transparency, but we should not raise costs on American businesses, only to benefit their international competition. Let’s send the SEC back to the drawing board to promote trans-parency without the high costs or neg-ative impacts on American businesses. These CRA resolutions keep the in-terests of American families and work-ers in mind. Today, we will continue to chip away at the regulation legacy of the Obama years, with more CRA reso-lutions in the coming days as well. Let’s pass these two resolutions without delay so we can send them to the President’s desk and continue giv-ing the power back to the people. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I spoke at length about the Supreme Court nomination yesterday, but I just want to underscore a few points. We in the Senate have a constitutional duty to examine the record of Judge Gorsuch robustly, exhaustively, and comprehensively, and then advise and consent, as we see fit. We have a re-sponsibility to reject if we do not. We Democrats will insist on a rig-orous but fair process. Part of that process entails 60 votes for confirma-tion. Any one Democrat can require it. Many already have. It was a bar met by each of Obama’s nominations; each re-ceived 60 votes. Most importantly, it is the right thing to do. And I would note that a 60-vote threshold was reached by each of them either in cloture or in the actual vote. On a subject as important as a Su-preme Court nomination, bipartisan support is essential and should be a prerequisite. That is what a 60-vote threshold does; 60 votes produces a mainstream candidate. And the need for a mainstream consensus candidate is greater now than ever before because we are in major new territory in two ways. First, because the Supreme Court, under Chief Justice Roberts, has shown increasing drift to become a more and more pro-business Court—siding more and more with corporations, employ-ers, and special interests over working and average Americans—we need a mainstream nominee to help reverse that trend, not accelerate it. I will re-mind my colleagues, that is how Presi-dent Trump campaigned, but his nomi-nee seems not to be in that direction at all—not for the average working person but, rather, for special business inter-ests. Second, given that this administra-tion—at least at its outset—seems to have less respect for the rule of law than any in recent memory and is test-ing the very fabric of our Constitution within the first 20 days, there is a spe-cial burden on this nominee to be an independent jurist, someone who ap-proaches the Court without ideological blinders, who has a history of oper-ating outside and above politics, and who has the strength of will to stand up to a President who has already shown a willingness to bend the Con-stitution. Requiring 60 votes has always been the right thing to do on Supreme Court nominations, especially in these polar-ized times. But now in this new era of the Court, in this new administration, there is an even heavier weight on this tradition. And if the nominee cannot gain the 60 votes, cannot garner bipar-tisan support of some significance, then the answer is not to change the rules; the answer is to change the nominee and find someone who can gain those 60 votes. Changing the rules for something as important as the Supreme Court gets rid of the tradition, eliminates the tra-dition of mainstream nominees who have bipartisan support. It would be so, so wrong to do. I know many of my col-leagues on the other side are hesitant to do it, and I hope they will remain strong in that regard. 
f 
NOMINATIONS OF BETSY D EVOS AND ANDREW PUZDER Mr. SCHUMER. Now, on another matter, the pending nominations of the President’s Cabinet, again, we are in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.002 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S611 February 2, 2017 
unchartered waters with this adminis-tration. They have not proposed a nor-mal Cabinet. This is not even close to a normal Cabinet. I have never seen a Cabinet this full of bankers and billionaires, folks with massive conflicts of interest and such little experience or expertise in the areas they will oversee. Many of the nominees have philosophies that cut against the very nature of the Depart-ment to which they were nominated. Let me give you two examples this morning: Betsy DeVos, the nominee for the Department of Education, and An-drew Puzder, nominee for the Labor Department. First, Betsy DeVos. When you judge her in three areas—conflicts of inter-est, basic competence, and ideology, views on education policy—it is clear that Betsy DeVos is unfit for the job of Education Secretary. In all three areas, ideology, com-petence, and conflicts of interest, she rates among the lowest of any Cabinet nominee I have ever seen. At her hear-ing, she didn’t seem to know basic facts about Federal education law that guarantee education to students with disabilities. She didn’t seem to know the basic facts of a long simmering de-bate in education policy measuring growth proficiency. And in her ethics agreement, which was delivered to the committee after her first hearing, it was revealed that she would keep inter-ests in several companies that benefit from millions of dollars in contracts from the Department of Education, which she would oversee. There was a rush to push her through—one round of questions, 5 minutes each. Why? Why did someone generally as fair as the chairman of that committee do that? My guess, an educated guess: He knew how incom-petent this nominee was, how poorly she fared under normal questions, and the idea was to rush her through. Well, that is not what we should be doing on something as important as this. And if the nominee can’t with-stand a certain amount of scrutiny, they shouldn’t be the nominee. The glaring concerns have led two of my Republican colleagues, the Sen-ators from Maine and Alaska, to pledge a vote against her confirmation, leav-ing her nomination deadlocked at 50 to 50. I believe both of them cited the fact that in their State, charter schools are not the big issue; it is public schools. How are we going to treat public schools? Particularly in rural areas, as I am sure my friend the Presiding Offi-cer knows, there is not a choice of schools outside the major metropolitan areas, the major cities. If you don’t have a good public school, you have nothing. So particularly people from the rural States should be worried, in my judgment, about our nominee’s commitment to public education. For the first time ever, we have the chance that the Vice President and a pending Cabinet nominee, the nominee for Attorney General, Senator S
ES-SIONS , are casting the deciding votes on a controversial Cabinet position for Betsy DeVos. Mr. President, this has never happened before. The White House will, in effect, get two deciding votes in the Senate on a nominee to the President’s Cabinet: the Vice President and the nominee for Attorney General, our friend Senator S
ESSIONS . It highlights the stunning depth of concern this nominee has engendered in Republicans and Democrats alike. It is clear now that Senators of both par-ties agree she is not qualified to be Secretary of Education. And I would hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—this is such an impor-tant position; the nominee is so laddered on issue after issue after issue that we could get someone better. I don’t think it will be that hard. It will be President Trump’s nominee. It will not be us deciding, but it will be some-one who has basic competence, fewer conflicts of interest, and, above all, a commitment to public education. So I urge my Republican colleagues, friends, to stand up and reject Betsy DeVos, as the Cleveland Plain Dealer urged in an editorial this morning. This is not a normal nominee, once again. In my view, when I dipped into her record and how she performed in her brief hearing, she has not earned and should not receive the Senate’s ap-proval. Second, the nominee for the Depart-ment of Labor, Andrew Puzder. The hearing for his nomination has now been delayed four times because he still hasn’t submitted key paperwork laying out his disclosures and detailing a plan for divesting, if necessary, to avoid conflicts of interest. But that might be the least of the Senate’s con-cerns. This is a nominee who is being sued by dozens of former employees due to workplace violations. This is a nomi-nee who has repeatedly attacked the minimum wage, opposed the overtime rule, and advocated for more automa-tion and fewer jobs. He talked about— I think in very positive terms—robots and how they may run the fast food in-dustry. This is a nominee for Secretary of Labor who not only wants workers to earn less, he wants fewer workers. For several of these Cabinet posi-tions, it seems the President has searched for candidates whose philoso-phies are diametrically opposed to the very purposes of their Departments. For Education, pick someone with no experience in public schools and has spent her career advocating against them. For Labor, pick someone who has spent his career trying to keep the wages of his employees low and advo-cated against policies that benefit workers. Again, I repeat: This is not your typ-ical Cabinet. This is highly, highly un-usual. So when my Republican colleagues come to the floor every day to com-plain about delays and holdups, I would remind them that this is very serious. These Cabinet officials will have im-mense power in our government and wield enormous influence over the lives of average Americans: their wages and the education of their children, for in-stance. To spend a few more days on the process is well worth it. And if they prove unfit for the austere and power-ful roles they are about to take up, then it is our responsibility, as Sen-ators who advise and consent, to reject their nomination. 
f 
UKRAINE Mr. SCHUMER. One final point: I want to take a moment to mention Ukraine. Yesterday Rex Tillerson was sworn in as Secretary of State. In addition to dealing with the fallout from the Presi-dent’s first engagements with Aus-tralia and Mexico, I want to call the Secretary’s attention to the situation in Ukraine. Since President Trump’s call with Mr. Putin last weekend, there has been a significant increase in violence. I hope Secretary Tillerson will ensure that there is a strong statement from the Trump administration condemning these escalatory actions by the Rus-sians. I also hope my Republican counter-parts will start doing what they did last year every time this happened: Come to the floor and demand that the Senate act on tough sanctions against Russia. As I have said before, Russia remains a strategic threat to our Na-tion, and countering them needs to re-main a deeply bipartisan effort. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.J. Res. 38, which the clerk will re-port. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, there will now be 6 hours of debate, equally divided in the usual form. The Democratic whip. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I lis-tened carefully this morning to the statement made by the Republican ma-jority leader, and I was a little bit curi-ous as to what he was trying to say be-cause he talked about a judicial nomi-nee who rated unanimously ‘‘well qualified’’ by the American Bar Asso-ciation, who received kudos from Re-publicans and Democrats alike, includ-ing Members of the Senate, who went 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.003 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES612 February 2, 2017 
through the Senate without a hitch, and then he couldn’t understand why there would be more questions asked now for another appointment. I was puzzled. I thought he was talk-ing about Merrick Garland. We remem-ber him, don’t we? Merrick Garland was, of course, President Obama’s nominee to fill the vacancy on the Su-preme Court. Senator M
CCONNELL this morning said repeatedly: So what has changed since the first time Judge Gorsuch came before the Senate? Senator M
CCONNELL , what has changed is you, what you did when Merrick Garland’s name was sent up. For the first time ever in the history of the U.S. Senate, Senator M
CCONNELL denied a hearing and a vote to a Presidential nominee to the Supreme Court. It never happened before, not once in history. And if you think, well, maybe the Democrats didn’t have a chance to show the same steel will, the same political deter-mination, in the last year of his Presi-dency, Ronald Reagan nominated An-thony Kennedy to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. He sent the nomina-tion down to the Senate. I believe Sen-ator Biden was the chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee at the time. There was a Democratic majority. In the last year of Reagan’s Presidency, a so- called lameduck year by Senator M
CCONNELL ’s description, the Demo-cratic majority in the Senate gave President Reagan the respect of hon-oring his constitutional responsibility to fill the vacancy and sent Anthony Kennedy to serve on the Supreme Court. So Senator M
CCONNELL has asked what has changed. He has changed. He has changed the Senate. And here is the good news for him. We are not going to forswear our own demands that a Presidential nominee for the Supreme Court is deserving of a hearing and a vote. I said that over and over again when Merrick Garland was being stonewalled by Senator M
CCON-
NELL and the Republicans in the Sen-ate. I will say it again. I do believe the President’s nominee has a right to a hearing and a vote. That nominee also has a responsibility to show us that he is not only qualified to serve on an im-portant appellate court but to serve with a lifetime appointment to the highest Court in the land. On Tuesday night, President Trump announced he would nominate the Tenth Circuit Court Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. It is important to put that nomination in context. This is not a run-of-the-mill nomination. It is an extraordinary time in America’s history. President Trump’s announcement was actually supposed to happen today. Why was it sped up? Why did they hurry it up? Well, because of the avalanche of criti-cism being heaped on the Trump ad-ministration for their Executive orders on refugees and immigration. They had to change the subject. After dozens of legal immigrants were detained at air-ports over the weekend solely because of their country of origin, including children, seniors, interpreters who helped our troops, Federal courts stepped in to block the President’s Ex-ecutive order. We have done some research, and we are going to do some more. We think this is the first time in the history of the United States that a new President within the first 10 days had an Execu-tive order stopped in the Federal courts. It shows how controversial that order was, that the Federal courts would step in with this brand new President and say: Stop. This has to be weighed as to whether it is legal or constitutional. Then on Monday there was the un-precedented firing of an Attorney Gen-eral who refused to defend President Trump’s unlawful Executive order in court. President Trump moved up his Supreme Court announcement to try to change the headlines. In doing so, he made it even more clear how critical it is that we have an independent judicial system, not a rubberstamp for the President. It’s especially vital at this moment in our history. President Trump and his agenda are likely to come before the Supreme Court eventually. From his violations of the Constitution’s emoluments clause to his unprecedented Executive actions, President Trump is likely to keep the High Court busy. We need Justices on the Supreme Court who are truly independent. President Trump’s announcement came 10 months and 15 days after a White House announcement about an-other Supreme Court nominee I men-tioned earlier, Judge Merrick Garland, perhaps the most well-qualified, main-stream, independent nominee to come before the Senate. Merrick Garland is a son of Illinois, a good man, and an out-standing judge. Judge Gorsuch himself once described Judge Merrick Garland as ‘‘among the finest lawyers of his generation.’’ Merrick Garland was subjected to un-precedented obstruction by Senate Re-publicans and Senator M
CCONNELL . Re-publican Senators simply ignored their constitutional responsibility to con-sider this nomination, for political rea-sons. It was worse than a filibuster. Do you remember the time when Sen-ator M
CCONNELL and a number of oth-ers in the leadership said they would not even meet with the President’s nominee—would not even give him the courtesy of a meeting? Merrick Gar-land was the first Supreme Court nomi-nee in our Nation’s history to be denied any consideration by the Senate—no hearing, no vote—nothing. It was shameful. I took an oath of office to support and defend the Constitution—every Senator does—and to bear true faith and allegiance to it. I take it seriously. Even though my Republican colleagues chose to ignore their responsibilities when it came to filling that Supreme Court vacancy in an election year, I know we have a constitutional respon-sibility to give Judge Gorsuch a hear-ing and a vote. I will do my due dili-gence as a Senator and give his nomi-nation fair consideration. That is what the advise and consent responsibility of article I, section 8 of the Constitution requires. If my Republican colleagues com-plain about the process for Judge Gorsuch, just remember that no one ran a worse process on a Supreme Court nominee than my Republican colleagues themselves did for Merrick Garland. They really have no right to complain. Now that President Trump has nomi-nated Judge Gorsuch, Senators will embark on a thorough review of his record. He was confirmed to the Tenth Circuit in 2006, but the level of scrutiny is far higher for Supreme Court nomi-nees and lifetime appointments to the High Court. He now has a lengthy judi-cial record which we will review care-fully. There are parts of his record that al-ready raise questions and concerns. In recent years, we have watched the Su-preme Court transform into a cor-porate Court, where all too often cases seem to break for the big corporations, regularly against the little guy. We need a Supreme Court that gives the American people a fair shot against corporate elites, corporate special in-terests. Judge Gorsuch’s record as a judge and advocate raises concerns as to whether he would hasten that trend toward a corporate court. I note that yesterday, Reuters pub-lished an article entitled ‘‘As Private Lawyer, Trump High Court Pick Was Friend to Business.’’ The article said that while Judge Gorsuch was in pri-vate practice, he ‘‘often fought on be-half of business interests, including ef-forts to curb securities class action lawsuits, experience that could mould his thinking if he is confirmed as a [Su-preme Court] justice.’’ During his time on the bench, Judge Gorsuch appears to have a consistent pattern of favoring companies over workers in cases involving employment discrimination, worker safety, and other matters. That is why we need to carefully review his record. Judge Gorsuch must also answer im-portant questions about his views on issues of fundamental importance to American people, such as our right to privacy. Is there anything more impor-tant? Almost on a daily basis we are being asked if we are ready to give up a little more of our privacy. We know that corporate interests and business interests are collecting data on us. We can find it every time we log on to the Internet and there is this cascade of ads on the side of the page asking us if we want to buy something that we just happened to buy a couple months ago. We know as well that information is being catalogued carefully and being used by business interests to promote their products and to categorize us as Americans. We also believe—I think there are even some Republicans who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.004 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S613 February 2, 2017 
believe—that individuals have a right to privacy when it comes to the over-reach of the Federal Government and when it comes to critical decisions so important to our personal lives. At that last heartbreaking moment when a family member has to decide about the medical care for someone who is nearing death, is that going to be sub-ject to a court order or is that going to be a decision made privately by a fam-ily? At that moment when a family faces the pregnancy of a teenage girl in the household, is that a family decision or is that a decision where government has the last word? The Supreme Court decides this, and we need to ask Judge Gorsuch what he thinks and under-stand clearly what he says. We also believe that when it comes to our security—not just our privacy but our security—the Supreme Court time and again will have the last word. When it comes to the issue of safety, health, and environmental protection, where will this new Supreme Court nominee be? Is he going to bend toward the corporate interests and look the other way as we face climate change, the pollution of streams, the contami-nation of our drinking water, and dan-gers to our public health? If he is going to rule consistently for the corporate interest no matter what, he certainly doesn’t, as far as I am concerned, rep-resent the values we need on the Su-preme Court. He needs to answer ques-tions as well on immigration, privacy, campaign finance, and voting rights. Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch professes to be an originalist. Let me address that for a moment. I have been with the Judiciary Committee for quite a few years. Time and again, whether it is the nominee for Attorney General or nominees for the High Court, here is the cliche we are given: We are just going to apply the rule of law, what-ever the law says. That is what we do. We are originalists. I call that the robotic view of justice; that if you just plug in the facts, a computer can tell you the answer because a computer compares it to the law. Yet we know better. We know judges make decisions based on a variety of concerns, and they weigh some facts more carefully and give some facts more strength than others. This rule of law by robotic jus-tice is a fiction. We know that each nominee, whether from a Democrat or Republican, brings views to the Court that will decide how many cases will lean. Judge Gorsuch has to answer the questions forthrightly. There is a cot-tage industry of teaching nominees to give thoughtful nonanswers to impor-tant questions. That will not cut it for me or many of my colleagues. The American people want honest, candid candidates for the bench. We know Judge Gorsuch is the hand- picked nominee by President Trump and has been lauded by rightwing orga-nizations all over the United States. They hope he will be a dependable vote in their favor, but he has to dem-onstrate—to me and to many other Senators—that he will be prepared to disappoint the rightwing if the Con-stitution and law require it. Since the confirmation of Justice Clarence Thomas in 1991, Supreme Court Justices have had to show they can pass the threshold of 60 votes to get confirmed. I expect nothing less from this nominee. Justice Elena Kagan, nominated by President Obama, received 63 votes; Justice Sonya Sotomayor, nominated by President Obama, received 68 votes; Justice Sam Alito had a cloture vote where he re-ceived 72 votes and subsequently re-ceived 58 votes for his actual confirma-tion; Justice Roberts, 78 votes; Justice Breyer, 87; Justice Ginsburg, 96. Judge Gorsuch has a burden to bear. He has to demonstrate that he is a nominee who will uphold and defend the Constitution for the benefit of all of us, not just for the advantage of a privileged few. I take my constitutional responsi-bility very seriously when it comes to the Supreme Court. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I am reviewing the record and preparing questions to ask the nominee. It is going to take some time. It usually does, several months. But my Republican colleagues have kept this seat vacant since Feb-ruary of last year, so they don’t have any basis for arguing and complaining that we just have to move on this real-ly fast. I am sorry we are not considering the nomination of Merrick Garland, an eminently qualified mainstream judge who deserved better treatment than he received from Senate Republicans and Senator M
CCONNELL . No one deserved the treatment Merrick Garland re-ceived. With my oath to support and defend the Constitution in mind, I will con-sider Judge Gorsuch’s nomination pur-suant to the Senate’s role of advise and consent. I will strive to be thorough, fair, and focused on the important principles I have discussed today. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from the great State of Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Thank you, Mr. President. I come to the floor this morning to speak on the resolution of disapproval that is before us, but I want to make just a few comments following my col-league, the minority whip. I am pleased to hear him say that he does look forward to the opportunity for a hearing on Judge Gorsuch and the opportunity for a vote. I think we rec-ognize that we have in front of us an individual who has truly a stellar legal reputation, who has committed himself to the law in a remarkable way. When he was before this Senate for confirma-tion leading up to the Tenth Circuit, he enjoyed very strong support. I would like to think that on yet further re-view of this very strong individual, our colleagues will do the due diligence that is necessary as we perform our constitutional role of advise and con-sent. There is so much that I will respond to at a later time when I go into more detail about my support for Judge Gorsuch and why I think he is exactly the type of individual we want to see named to the Supreme Court, but the comment has been made, not only by my colleague from Illinois but from others, that somehow or other Judge Gorsuch is for Big Business and not the little guy. It seems that the criticism is based on this viewpoint that courts should not defer to Federal agency in-terpretations of their own rules, and certainly Big Business is a frequent challenger of government overreach. But, as the Presiding Officer and I both know, so are ordinary Americans—peo-ple like John Sturgeon, an Alaskan who took on the Federal Government, took on the agencies, and took on the Park Service because he was told he could not use a hovercraft in an area where he had operated one for decades. John Sturgeon, with the help of a few friends, who did everything from ga-rage sales to fund his litigation, and with just the generosity out of their own pockets, took all the way to the Supreme Court the question of whether or not the Park Service’s regulation had exceeded their legal authority. I happen to believe very strongly that Judge Gorsuch is clearly on the right track here when he questions the deference that courts give to our gov-ernment agencies. I think most Alas-kans would probably agree with us on this point—that when we are talking about the scales of justice, they should not be tipped in favor of our Federal agencies. Again, I am pleased to hear that the minority whip agrees that a filibuster is not appropriate, is not the way to proceed with this fine nominee. I look forward to learning more about Judge Gorsuch but also to be able to share more of my observations at a later point in time. Mr. President, I wish to join my col-leagues in support of H.J. Res. 38 to disapprove and nullify the Department of Interior’s so-called stream protec-tion rule. I wish to begin my comments by thanking Majority Leader M
CCON-
NELL and Senator C APITO of West Vir-ginia for sponsoring the Senate version of this resolution. I also wish to note that I am proud to be listed with the Presiding Officer as a cosponsor on this bipartisan measure with 28 colleagues in support. Now, by name alone, the stream pro-tection rule may sound pretty inno-cent, pretty well intentioned, but as we have heard and as we will hear throughout this debate, the reality is really different. This regulation will have severe economic impacts. It will cost us jobs. It will cost us revenues as well as affordable energy all across our country. By way of background, the rule re-vises longstanding regulations for coal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.006 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES614 February 2, 2017 
mining under the Surface Mining Con-trol and Reclamation Act, something around here we simply call SMCRA. Now this rule was finalized in Decem-ber of 2016, and it took effect 2 weeks ago, making more than 400 changes to existing regulations. Now, 400 is just a number that shows the scope of the changes that the Obama administration has made, but it hardly does justice to the sweeping substance of the changes or the delib-erately opaque process that the Obama administration followed to make them. SMCRA is supposed to be an example of cooperative federalism, and many States have approved programs that allow them to regulate coal mining within their own borders. But beyond that, the law explicitly directs the Fed-eral Government to work with States to engage with them whenever any changes are made. So it requires a high level of cooperation and collaboration. Contrary to the collaborative mood intended by SMCRA, the Obama ad-ministration chose to draft the stream protection rule behind closed doors. It ignored the input and recommenda-tions that were provided by States and other stakeholders. It subverted the law, basically, to meet its own policy objectives, which was to keep the coal in the ground. Ultimately, that is what they wanted to do, and it finalized a rule that will shut down coal mining in several regions in our country, includ-ing possibly in Alaska, if it is allowed to stand. Now, the Obama administration claimed that this rule would cost only $81 million a year and that it did not qualify as what is considered ‘‘eco-nomically significant’’ as a rule, as a result of that. We will likely hear that number touted by some of the oppo-nents of this resolution and probably some who will claim that we are exag-gerating the impact. But I don’t think we should forget how the Obama ad-ministration determined that the rule was insignificant in the first place. In January of 2011, the Associated Press obtained documents showing that this rule was projected to elimi-nate 7,000 direct jobs across the coun-try. So instead of going back and fixing the rule to avoid these potential job losses, what happened? The Depart-ment of Interior fired the independent contractor that had made the projec-tion. So, effectively, we have a situa-tion where the Department essentially cooks the books instead of fixing the rule. It then took steps to rebrand the rule, changing the name from the ‘‘stream buffer zone rule’’ to the ‘‘stream protection rule’’ making the rule sound rather innocuous. So what the American people should know is that there is a real discrepancy between the economic impacts the Obama administration estimated and what other sources project will happen if the rule is left in place. The projec-tion is that up to 30 percent of the di-rect jobs in coal mining will be lost, and domestic coal production will fall 29 to 65 percent, with anywhere from $15 billion to $29 billion in lost annual coal resource value and $3.3 billion to $6.5 billion in lost State and Federal revenue. So with estimates like this, it is no wonder that this rule has drawn such strong bipartisan opposition from Alas-ka all the way to Appalachia. If you are doubting the statistics—if you are saying, well, I am hearing certain things on one side and others on an-other—you need to talk to people out there. We did that. Instead of just tak-ing what the Obama administration said, we went out and we asked people. Last March, I held a field hearing of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and we held the field hear-ing up in Fairbanks, AK. Among our witnesses was a woman by the name of Lorali Simon. The occupant of the Chair knows her well. She works for Usibelli Coal Mine, an initially family- owned and operated coal mine—which has been very successful—and provides coal and power to the residents of the Interior, and has been for a long time. Ms. Simon spoke about how coal re-sources contribute significantly to our State by providing jobs and a reliable energy source. She explained that coal is the cheap-est source of energy in Interior Alaska for everything from the local commu-nity to our military bases there and how usability has helped to create business for others like our Alaska railroad. She also highlighted the broader picture about how coal strengthens our national and energy security. So those are all good things, in my book. But Lorali also testified about the stream protection rule. She said that, if the rule was finalized as it was pro-posed—which it has been—it will likely kill all coal development in Alaska. She also noted that Congress passed SMCRA, but during the Obama admin-istration, she said: ‘‘We were seeing unelected federal employees violate legislative intent, which will kill America’s coal industry.’’ Now, Lorali Simon is not alone in her criticisms or her opposition to this rule. Our Governor in Alaska, an Inde-pendent by the name of Governor Bill Walker, recently noted that it was one of the worst of many different actions the Obama administration took to limit resource development in our State of Alaska. The attorneys general of 14 different States wrote: 
The rule would have a disastrous effect on coal miners, their families, workers in af-fected industries, and their communities. It would also impose very significant costs on American consumers of electricity, while un-dermining our Nation’s energy supply. 
That is pretty tough—not only a dis-astrous effect on the coal miners but the cost on American consumers of electricity, undermining our Nation’s energy supply. The Interstate Mining Compact Com-mission described this rule as a ‘‘bur-densome and unlawful rule that usurps states’ authority as primary regulators of coal mining as intended by Congress under SMCRA’’ while also seeking to impose ‘‘an unwarranted top-down, one-size-fits-all approach that does not take into account important regional and ecological differences.’’ Then, finally, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce noted that the rule ‘‘exceeds the Department’s authority, will cause significant economic harm and job losses, and interferes with long-standing and successful state efforts to protect water quality.’’ It is very clear to me that this rule simply cannot stand. We have an op-portunity here to make sure that is the case. So if you are concerned about families paying more for their heating and their electricity bills, you should support this resolution. If you are wor-ried about job losses due to access re-strictions and rising energy costs, you should support this resolution. And, if you care about States’ rights, which so many of us do, or overregulation by the Federal Government, which we clearly do, you should support this resolution. I have noted to a couple of people today that this is a pretty good day to be debating a disapproval resolution under the Congressional Review Act. It is Groundhog Day, and it is exactly what the last 8 years have felt like for anyone who has paid attention to the regulations that were just churned out by the Obama administration. The SPR rule is a perfect place to start as we sort through the major burdens that the last administration imposed through its relentless regulatory ac-tions. So, again, I wish to thank Leader MCCONNELL and Senator C APITO for sponsoring and leading this legislation, and know that I intend to vote for it. I urge my colleagues to do the same. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I see my colleague from Texas. Did he want to make remarks in leader time? Madam President, I come to the floor to talk about the action today in the Senate, which is to try to overrun the clean water rule as it relates to the mining industry. The bottom line is, polluters should pay for the pollution, and that is what the rule says, and that is what is try-ing to be overrun today after a very short debate in the Senate. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would like to say it is about the coal industry and a war on coal. If they are so concerned about the coal industry, I would suggest to them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.007 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S615 February 2, 2017 
and coal workers that they take up the pension bill they promised to take up in the last Congress and have failed to take up. Last December, thousands of coal miners came to Washington, DC, and asked the Senate to live up to their promise that was made and put their health on the line and make sure that they had a pension program. More than 20,000 retired coal miners are at risk of losing their health care if we do noth-ing by April, and they have a very small pension—averaging about $530 a month—that is also at risk. I know some of my colleagues would like to believe this is somehow entirely related to a war on coal, but that nar-rative ignores the facts. In 2008, right before the financial crisis, the United Mine Workers’ pension plan was 93 per-cent funded—in 2008, 93 percent funded. Its actuaries projected it was on track to reach full funding in several years. So this notion that somehow the dis-cussion behind the scenes by the Inte-rior Department or the EPA caused an implosion in the mining industry and thereby they didn’t have resources is not the case. What is the case is that the financial crisis hit, and Wall Street speculators blew up our economy, cost-ing it $14 trillion—according to the Dallas Fed—and many in this body bailed them out. But we did nothing to bail out the miner pension program. Those pensions were thrown into crisis. By 2009, the United Mine Workers’ plan had dropped from the 93-percent funded level down to the low seventies—a 20- percent drop in a single year. So de-spite the fact that the plan was well managed, the investment returns con-tinued to be problematic. Wall Street— not the Department of the Interior or EPA—is the reason mine workers have so much challenge today. If they care so much about the min-ing industry and the workers, then bring that legislation forward on the floor of the Senate today instead of trying to overturn a rule that says pol-luters should pay. These safe drinking water issues and fishing issues are so important to an outdoor economy that employs a mil-lion-plus workers and is a vital part of practically every State’s economy. The notion that somehow this is a jobs issue—if they want to protect jobs in the outdoor industry, then please allow people to fish in rivers where they don’t have to worry about selenium. This is a big issue, whether talking about Montana, Colorado, Washington, or the State of Alaska. I will say that the Alaskan issues of salmon and habitat far outweigh the 113 jobs the Alaska coal industry pro-duces. Both can be seen as valuable jobs, but if we want to know about an economic impact to the State, it is dwarfed by the issue of making sure salmon have clean rivers and streams to migrate through. This legislation today is about trying to protect those waters. I would again say that the effects of mountaintop re-moval have been called out by the press for a long time. I wish to quote from a Washington Post editorial: 
For decades, coal companies have been re-moving mountain peaks to haul away coal lying just underneath. More recently, sci-entists and regulators have been developing a clearer understanding of the environ-mental consequences. They aren’t pretty. In the 1990s, coal miners began using large equipment to strip away mountaintops in states such as West Virginia. The technique made it economical for them to extract more coal from troublesome seams in the rock, which might be too small for traditional mining or lodged in unstable formations. En-vironmentalists were appalled, but the prac-tice spread and now accounts for more than 40 percent of West Virginia coal production. Burning coal has a host of drawbacks: It produces both planet-warming carbon diox-ide and deadly conventional air pollutants. Removing layers of mountaintop in the ex-traction process aggravates the damage. The displaced earth must go somewhere, typi-cally into adjoining valleys, affecting streams that run through them. The dust that’s blown into the air on mountaintop re-moval sites, meanwhile, is suspected to be unhealthy for mine workers and nearby com-munities. Scientists have recently produced evidence backing up both concerns. Over the summer, a U.S. Geological Survey study compared streams near mountaintop removal oper-ations to streams farther away. In what should be ‘‘a global hotspot for fish biodiver-sity,’’ according to Nathan Hitt, one of the authors, the researchers found decimated fish populations, with untold consequences for downstream river systems. The scientists noted changes in stream chemistry: Salts from the disturbed earth appear to have dis-solved in the water, which may well have disturbed the food chain. Last week, the Charleston Gazette re-ported on a new study finding that dust from mountaintop removal mining appears to con-tribute to greater risk of lung cancer. West Virginia University researchers took dust samples from several towns near the moun-taintop removal sites and tested them on lung cells, which changed for the worse. The findings fit into a larger, hazardous picture: People living near these sites experience higher rates of cancer and birth defects. 
Again, all this is from the Wash-ington Post editorial. 
With these sorts of problems in mind, the Environmental Protection Agency is taking a more skeptical look at mountaintop re-moval mining permits. The Clean Water Act gives the government wide authority over in-dustrial operations that change rivers and streams. 
The EPA has already used its efforts, in some cases where there was concern, to revoke a permit and has instructed its branches and offices to be more careful. 
The coal industry and its allies— 
And we have heard some of them here— 
are howling. Skeptics of mountaintop re-moval, one industry pamphlet insisted, ‘‘pro-mote an anti-coal, anti-business agenda that uses environmental issues as a mere pawn to redistribute wealth, grab power, and put forth liberal, social ideology. The GOP-con-trolled House passed a bill that would strip the EPA of some of its permitting power. But just this month— 
Because that was a couple years ago— the Obama administration once again pre-vailed in court, beating back another indus-try challenge. 
This editorial ends by saying: 
The emerging scientific evidence should cut through the rhetoric. The EPA is right to move more firmly to protect health and the environment. 
We are right to defend this rule and law and say that polluters should pay. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, yes-terday the Senate took up legislation to block the stream buffer rule, which is a job-killing regulation from the Obama administration—something the Obama administration will be long re-membered for—a regulatory overreach that strangled the growth of our econ-omy and the jobs that come along with it. This is a prime example of a mis-nomer, though. It is not really about protecting streams, as it claims, but about killing the coal industry and en-ergy production in our country. One of the things that have caused our economy to grow historically has been access to low-cost energy, but un-fortunately this regulation has made that not possible in coal country, tak-ing many jobs along with it and I think in part, at least, responsible for the vote President Trump got in many parts of the country that felt left be-hind by the economy and because of job-killing regulations like the stream buffer rule. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Madam President, yesterday I had the chance to meet with Judge Gorsuch personally, the man President Trump nominated to serve on the U.S. Su-preme Court. It is plain to me now why President Trump selected him to be the nominee for the seat vacated by the death of Justice Scalia. Judge Gorsuch’s experi-ence, intellect, and background make him uniquely qualified and qualify him as a mainstream nominee. That seems to be the nomenclature that has been embraced by our colleagues across the aisle. They said they hope President Trump nominates a mainstream nomi-nee. Well, he did. But I fully expect our colleagues across the aisle to try to paint him as some sort of extremist, which they can’t do based upon his dis-tinguished record on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals for the last 10 years as a Federal judge or his previous life. They are going to have to make things up in order to cause people to believe this nominee is not a mainstream nominee. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee to do our job of advice and consent and to see the nomination come to the floor, where I hope he will be con-firmed. I trust he will be confirmed one way or the other. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats— particularly their leader, the Senator from New York—have already an-nounced that they will fight tooth and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.009 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES616 February 2, 2017 
nail against any nominee put forward by President Trump. Predictably, the minority leader has made clear that he will try to filibuster the President’s choice. It has been ironic to watch him come here and extol the virtues of the 60-vote cloture requirement for con-firming a Supreme Court Justice when he and the rest of his colleagues in-voked the so-called nuclear option to change the Senate rules by breaking those rules and reducing the cloture re-quirement for lower Federal court judges and Cabinet members to 51. We see what happened as a result of that action. Now they find themselves on the receiving end of that 51-vote re-quirement caused by the nuclear op-tion. So much for immediate gratifi-cation and not so much for taking the long view in terms of how the Senate ought to operate. This sort of resistance mentality that has grown up among our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle ignores the fact that we had an elec-tion on November 8. The American peo-ple made their choice, and it is plain that our Democratic colleagues are simply not happy about the choice they made and are going to undermine and resist this President no matter what, particularly when it comes to staffing his Cabinet with the people he has chosen to serve the Nation as part of his administration. The American people also indicated they wanted us to move forward, away from the bickering, away from the gridlock, away from this mentality that we were here to serve someone else other than the American people. They want results, not politics as usual. I think that is the lesson we all should have learned from this last elec-tion. The sad reality is that it is in-creasingly clear to me that my Demo-cratic colleagues didn’t learn the right lesson last November and are trying to bring the Chamber to a standstill. Thanks to the nuclear option that then-Majority Leader Senator Reid championed and which all of our Demo-cratic friends voted for, they are not going to be able to stop President Trump’s nominees to the Cabinet be-cause all it requires is 51 votes. Yes, they can slow it down, but they can’t stop it. My question is, What purpose is to be served from keeping the Presi-dent fully staffed with the Cabinet that he has chosen, knowing that you are ultimately going to lose the fight? Unfortunately, this is not about the Senate alone. This is about the Amer-ican people. For 2 days in a row, Senate Democrats on the Finance Committee, which has been one of the most bipar-tisan committees in the U.S. Senate— our Democratic colleagues, each and every one of them, boycotted the meet-ings to consider President Trump’s nominees. I sit on the Finance Committee. As I said, it has historically been a bipar-tisan committee, but our Democratic colleagues chose to relinquish their re-sponsibility and ignore their duties to their constituents. Unfortunately, this type of behavior has become par for the course throughout the first days of President Trump’s administration. We have seen other examples of slow-walk-ing nominations, invoking every proce-dural rule that there is to deny unani-mous consent—the sort of normal cour-tesies that go along with working in the Senate on technical or procedural matters. We have seen countless examples of their slowing down the nomination process intentionally, even for highly qualified candidates. On the Judiciary Committee, on which I also sit, there is another exam-ple with respect to the nomination for Attorney General of Senator J
EFFSES-
SIONS , a well-respected colleague in this Chamber. I am glad we were fi-nally able to move his nomination out of the committee yesterday. But the truth is that even though many Demo-crats on the committee had worked side by side with Senator S
ESSIONS and had cosponsored legislation with him, they themselves said what a good man he was. They voted against him after slowing down this obvious choice to lead the Justice Department. President Trump talks about drain-ing the swamp in Washington, DC. The biggest swamp in Washington, DC, has been a Justice Department headed by Eric Holder and, sadly, by his successor Loretta Lynch. They have refused to enforce the rule of law and instead turned that into a political outpost for the Obama administration. Attorney General J
EFF SESSIONS is going to change that. He is going to enforce the law, and he will respect the law no matter who wins and who loses because his duty is to the Constitution and laws of the United States and to en-force those laws as Attorney General and, yes, to defend those laws. Some of our Senate colleagues were shocked when Deputy Attorney Gen-eral Sally Yates—although the Office of Legal Counsel said that the Execu-tive order issued by the President was legal and proper in its form—wrote a letter saying she was instructing the line lawyers in the Justice Department not to defend it in court. President Trump fired her, and he should have. That is political grandstanding by somebody who should know better, considering her distinguished career at the Department of Justice for the last 30 years. I don’t know who gave her the bad advice, but I am glad that President Trump decided to fire someone who ba-sically defied their duties to the De-partment of Justice and to the U.S. Government and preferred to take the side of politics and misinformation. We know that the Senate is con-tinuing with other nominations as well. I see this morning that the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee finally voted out the nomination of the attorney general of Oklahoma, Scott Pruitt, for Director of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. Unfortu-nately, our Democratic colleagues’ bad habits on the Finance Committee have spilled over to the Environment and Public Works Committee, and they chose to boycott that hearing as well. Notwithstanding that boycott, the ma-jority of the committee did vote out the nomination, and we will take that up soon. This lack of cooperation is unprece-dented. It really is unprecedented. At this point in 2009, President Obama had 11 of his Cabinet members confirmed by the Senate—11. Today we have only five confirmed, and many of those who have been confirmed were slow-walked by our Democratic colleagues for one lame excuse or another. This is not be-cause President Trump’s nominees aren’t qualified; it is because our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are determined to undermine this new President and his administration, no matter what cost is paid by the coun-try. After the election, President Obama, to his credit, talked about the impor-tance of a peaceful transition of power from one administration to the next. Some of our colleagues who are now obstructing this President’s Cabinet members have also paid lipservice to a peaceful transition of power. What we are seeing is a hostile transition of power—mindless obstruction, foot dragging, and delay for delay’s sake. Let me remind them once again that the American people voted on Novem-ber 8 and chose a President who has the authority to nominate the people he sees fit to serve on his Cabinet. We can’t afford to let this administration operate with one hand tied behind its back for the foreseeable future. We need to do our job and provide the President and the country with the ex-perts and advisers that the administra-tion needs to keep our country safe and to keep government functioning for the people. I hope soon—I am not optimistic, but I hope that soon our Senate Democrats will start working with us and not against us and, more importantly, against the interests of the American people who sent them here. 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA BAZACO  
Madam President, I want to spend a few minutes recognizing an extraor-dinary public servant on my staff who served in a unique capacity that many may not know exists. One of the most important things we get to do as Members of Congress is to act as the intermediary or intercessor between our constituents and a Federal Government that sometimes is not re-sponsive, particularly in dealing with Federal agencies. For instance, when somebody isn’t receiving their proper check from the Social Security Admin-istration or is having trouble getting an appointment at a Veterans Adminis-tration clinic or is in need of assistance with foreign adoptions, where do they turn? They turn to people like Linda Bazaco, who heads my casework pro-gram in Dallas, TX, and is going to be retiring soon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.010 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S617 February 2, 2017 
I am proud to say that we do our very best to make sure that the 28 million people I have the privilege of rep-resenting get the very best help pos-sible to help navigate the very real and very personal issues that involve the Federal bureaucracy. That way, my of-fice—specifically my constituent serv-ices or what we call my casework team—can help ensure that no Texan who reaches out to us slips between the cracks. In some circles, apparently, we have a reputation for bragging in Texas, but I have to say my staff are some of the absolutely best in the field when it comes to getting responses for Texans from Federal agencies. I like to say that if it can be done, it will be done. In that way, we play an important role in holding the bureaucracy accountable and reminding the Federal Government who their customer really is. It is the taxpayers to whom they ought to be re-sponsive. They shouldn’t need to call their Senator or their Congressman or Congresswoman in order to get re-sponses from the Federal Government, but, in fact, sometimes they do, and sometimes—well, it is our privilege to help. As I indicated, the person who has led this effort in my office for the last many years is Linda Bazaco, someone whom I came to know after she worked for my predecessor, Senator Phil Gramm. Linda fervently believes in the concept of government accountability and has developed a way to get the an-swers that Texans need and deserve. As I indicated, she started under my predecessor, Senator Phil Gramm, about 27 years ago. Today, Linda’s sys-tem has become the gold standard for other elected officials to get results on behalf of their constituents and, in doing so, has impacted constituents’ lives in profound ways: benefits, checks, expedited passports, medical care, or even the most basic—simply a return phone call from an agency. All the while, Linda has done this with en-thusiasm and with an eye toward qual-ity and getting results for the people of Texas. Linda, along with the team she has built, has pushed the government to be more accountable and responsive to the tens of thousands of Texans who have reached out to my office and, in most cases, will never know she was their se-cret weapon. Soon Linda will be taking on another challenge. After serving the 28 million people of Texas for nearly 27 years now, she will take up an even more impor-tant role; that is, a full-time grand-mother extraordinaire. I couldn’t be prouder of having someone of her cal-iber as a leader on my team, and I wish her and her husband Val and her three children and her five beautiful grand-children the absolute best in the next chapter of their lives. On behalf of all the generations of Texans you have helped over the dec-ades, the staff members you have led along the way, and at least two U.S. Senators, Linda, thank you for your service. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. I know we are going back and forth. I wish to inquire if my colleague seeks to speak. Go ahead because we are expecting someone on our side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I ask to speak as in morning business for up to 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I rise today to discuss President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch. As you know, the vacancy exists be-cause last year Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died suddenly at the age of 79, leaving an unexpected va-cancy on our Nation’s highest Court. As I said at the time of his passing, replacing Justice Scalia, one of the Court’s strongest defenders of our Con-stitution, would be extremely difficult. For nearly three decades, with his bril-liant legal mind and animated char-acter, Justice Scalia fiercely fought against judicial activism and legis-lating from the bench. To say our next Justice has big shoes to fill would be an incredible understatement. That is why the decision was made early on by Leader M
CCONNELL and others to give the American people a voice in this process, by waiting to confirm the next Justice until the 45th President was in office and able to nominate someone him or herself. We held that belief, even when it looked like our party would not win the Presidency. As we have been reminded before, elections have consequences. The American people chose to elect Presi-dent Trump, who throughout his cam-paign said that he would nominate someone in the mold of the late Justice Scalia. With his pick of Judge Gorsuch, President Trump made an excellent choice in fulfilling that promise. We believe Judge Gorsuch espouses the same approach to constitutional inter-pretation as Justice Scalia and has a strong understanding of federalism upon which our country is built. Because the current makeup of the Court is evenly split between conservative- and liberal-leaning Jus-tices, this ninth spot is as important as it has ever been. The next Justice has the potential to hold incredible influ-ence over the ideological direction of the Court for a generation to come. The Supreme Court is the final author-ity for interpreting Federal laws and the Constitution. It is one of the most important responsibilities found within our federalism. Since our very first Supreme Court— Justice James Wilson took the oath of office in October of 1789—there have been just 112 Justices to serve on the Court. These lifetime appointments are established under article III in the Con-stitution and are the ultimate author-ity over all of the Federal courts and State court cases involving Federal law. Since it was established, the deci-sions the Supreme Court has made have guided and altered the course of our Nation. The decisions it makes often have long-lasting ramifications, that in one vote can dramatically alter the course of our country. Based on what I know of Judge Gorsuch, I be-lieve he has the aptitude for this life-time appointment. He is greatly re-spected on both sides of the aisle. In fact, he was previously confirmed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit unanimously, and not a single Republican or Democratic Member of the Senate dissented. As such, we ex-pect the Senate will continue its tradi-tion of approving highly competent, qualified individuals to the Supreme Court in an up-or-down vote, following a thorough vetting process. I thank President Trump for nomi-nating to the Supreme Court a judge who has lived up to the Scalia gold standard. I also thank the American people who voted in November in sup-port of our efforts to retain Scalia’s legacy on the Court when his replace-ment is confirmed. Perhaps most importantly, I thank Judge Gorsuch for his lifelong commit-ment to defending our Constitution and applying the law as it was written. If confirmed, I am confident he will be an outstanding member of the U.S. Su-preme Court. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I would like to continue the debate on the measure before the Senate, which is to basically overturn a provision that would require coal polluters to make sure they clean up the damage they do to the clean water streams of our Nation. We are here today because the agen-cy who is in charge of setting these rules has finalized a rule. They did so after more than 5 years of discussion. They set it because there was so much scientific information about the great degradation to our streams caused by mining, when rocks are blown up and selenium is introduced into the stream. I have pictures I showed last night of deformed fish, pictures of river streams that are polluted. I have pictures of ob-vious degradation of the environment around them. The real issue is, the rule is now in place, and my colleagues want to ex-empt the coal industry from such regu-lation. Why would you want to exempt anybody from cleaning up their mess? Polluters should pay. I know my col-leagues are starting to chorus on some refrain about the economy, which makes no sense. Natural gas has driven a very competitive market to con-suming more natural gas than coal, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:18 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.012 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES618 February 2, 2017 
and Wall Street blew up the pension program of the miners, and now it is in jeopardy. If you want to help miners, then come address their health and safety and their pension program. If you want to make natural gas more ex-pensive, maybe you could make coal competitive again, but I don’t think that is what we really want in Amer-ica. My colleagues somehow ignore the fact that the people of the United States of America are going to demand clean water one way or another. You can protect the coal industry here with special interests and the amount of lobbying they do, or you can step up this process and have a regulation that works for the United States of America so the outdoor industry, sportsmen and fishermen—who have many more jobs— can continue to thrive. Why do I say that? Because my colleague from Texas brought up the EPA nominee, Mr. Pru-itt, who is coming to us from Okla-homa. I found, with great pleasure, the same arguments that the other side of the aisle is trying to make, they tried to make in Oklahoma. ‘‘Oh, my gosh. It is environmental regulation that is stopping us from producing a greater, more robust farming economy. We need to do something to stop those unto-ward regulations.’’ What did they do? They had a big ini-tiative for the ballot that basically said: Let’s make it really hard for any-body to regulate in regard to farming, unless they show it is somehow in the greater State interest. Even in red- state Oklahoma, they got it. They knew it was a fast run on the Clean Water Act, and they defeated that basi-cally 60 to 40. If we want to have a debate by de-bate, State by State, a discussion about clean water because people here will not defend the right for people to have clean streams, then we will have that debate. My colleagues sometimes try to say: Well, this is what attorneys general are concerned about. Some of them don’t like the rule. You have ample opportunity to change the rule. You could come here and propose legis-lation. You could ask your colleagues now to do something and move forward on an alternative, but that is not what is happening. This egregious approach is not only getting rid of a rule that currently protects us, for safe streams, but because it is a Congressional Re-view Act overriding that rule, it will prohibit us from taking up, in the same fashion, an approach to make sure this is regulated in the future. That is right. Turning down the rule this way will stop an agency from doing the job it is supposed to do. Why not just leave it to the States? That is like saying: I am going to leave clean air, clean water, or nuclear waste cleanup to whatever a State decides. That is not what Federal law is about. Here is an editorial from Kentucky where a ‘‘proposed $660,000 settlement of the Clean Water Act violations be-tween the State’s environmental agen-cies, and two of its largest companies, underwent a 30-day review.’’ What was that about? That was about the State of Kentucky failing to implement the old law. This was in 2010. The State of Kentucky’s Attorney General—they were such laggards at this—people sued the companies in the State because the State wasn’t doing its job. Eventually, they uncovered, as the article says, ‘‘massive failures by the industry to file accurate water discharge moni-toring reports. They filed an intent to sue, which triggered the investigation by the State’s energy and environ-mental cabinet.’’ The notion that States are on the job and doing their job in Kentucky—they weren’t. A State case was provoked by other people who were monitoring for clean water. It is our prerogative to set a standard for miners to clean up their mess. That is what we are talking about. Now the other side of the aisle wants to overturn that, saying that polluters don’t have to pay. How did we get to this situation? As mentioned, the past administration worked hard at coming up with a stream protection rule. Why did they come up with a new stream protection rule? Because it had been 33 years since we had a stream protection rule. The old rule did not prohibit mining through streams. Guess what? Neither does the new rule. The new rule says you are not prohibited from mining through a stream, but by gosh you ought to be required to mitigate the mess you create in the water system by mining through that stream. We are talking about mitigation re-quirements, and we are talking about measurements. Why do we need that? Because since 1983, when the previous rule was put in place—we now know that things like selenium cause very bad things to happen in water, with rocks and the discharge. We know sele-nium can cause the deformation of fish and that eating those fish can make you sick. That is why we want to have a rule to understand the impacts and to mitigate for them. I think about this particular picture, and the defor-mation in the fish tail and in the fish lip—the front end of the fish—are ex-treme examples of what selenium is doing in our water supply. Why would you not want—as someone blowing up a mountaintop and creating this kind of stream damage, why would you not want them to mitigate that? Why would you want to protect them? Be-cause you think you are protecting some coal industry jobs that basically have fallen off because natural gas has become a cheaper product? Your eco-nomic strategy is a race to the bottom. You think if you have the lowest envi-ronmental standards in the United States of America, that is somehow going to generate jobs? I think it is just the opposite. I have so many peo-ple in Washington State who say: I can’t attract employees unless we have a clean environment here because peo-ple want to live in a clean environ-ment, they want to fish, they want to hunt, they want to recreate, and they want an opportunity to do so. As a company, I can attract the best and the brightest because they know they are going to live in that kind of envi-ronment. The notion that this kind of ‘‘let us make sure the coal industry doesn’t have to play by the rules, they get an exemption from clean water’’ is some sort of economic strategy for the fu-ture of coal country, it is absolutely not. Saying that AGs are going to do the job, we have many examples of where they haven’t. There are also examples from Ohio and Pennsylvania, where the degradation is so bad it is nearly im-possible to clean up. Let us talk a little bit about the comparison of jobs from outdoor indus-try and the coal industry. It is not to demean the jobs of the coal industry and the individuals who have worked their whole lives in that sector or to say that one job is better than the other. There are over 6 million jobs di-rectly in the outdoor industry. They generate $80 billion in tax revenue, but if you come to Montana and there is a mine on top of a stream and people don’t want to go there to fish and recreate anymore, then you have caused damage. What are we talking about by State? Let’s look at it. Mon-tana, there are 64,000 jobs related to outdoor recreation. Why? Because Montana is beautiful. It has so many streams. I mentioned last night that wonderful movie called ‘‘A River Runs Through It.’’ It doesn’t say, ‘‘A River Runs Through It and a Mountaintop Mine Sits on Top of It.’’ That is not what that movie was about. It was about the beauty of the great outdoors. There are 122,000 recreation jobs in Utah. There are 125,000 in Colorado, 50,000 in Wyoming. There are 28,000 in North Dakota. Are people down here defending those jobs? I am defending them because a clean stream is a great source of recreation for people. I don’t want to fish or hike in a stream with selenium that could poison me or poi-son other people. What is wrong with polluters paying? I say nothing. The economic cost of this legislation is very minimal. The industry would be responsible for less than .01 percent of the economic cost; that is, the pollu-tion that would be required to clean up from this type of effort would be mini-mal to the industry. So what are they complaining about? What are they complaining about? They don’t want to measure selenium in the water. They don’t want to be responsible for miti-gating it. The economic challenges that the in-dustry faces from natural gas have nothing to do with this issue. This issue is about whether polluters should pay and whether we as a body are going to not only overturn this rule that is about clean water and safety for our communities by having streams pro-tected. It is also about whether we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.014 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S619 February 2, 2017 
going to preclude another administra-tive approach to fixing this issue. The Congressional Review Act is a very large cannon blowing a hole in the clean water requirements for the coal industry. Once you turn this down, you cannot easily reinstate something new. So our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, if they truly wanted to do something about this, could come to the floor today and say: I propose something different. President Trump, if he wanted to propose something dif-ferent that both guaranteed clean water and moved us forward, he could propose something. Instead, they sim-ply want to repeal this. So this chart shows just what I have been referring to; that coal basically now in 2016 is getting beat by natural gas. It is getting beat by natural gas because it has become a cheaper source. We are not going to get into the details of how that happened, but we are going to say here today that the notion that you want to let them off the hook from meeting environmental rules and regulations as a way to be competitive is a dangerous, dangerous precedent for the United States to be setting. We will not win, and our economy will not win from that situation. What we have to do instead is make sure that we are taking care of our environ-ment and being competitive in all sorts of industry issues. For example, this story was about, in West Virginia, how mountaintop mining caused a fish spe-cies to disappear. ‘‘We are seeing sig-nificant reductions of the species of abundant fish downstream from mining operations.’’ To me, that would be an anathema in the Pacific Northwest. Fishing is ev-erything. If somehow we were involved in a mining process that was killing fish, that would be the worst thing that could happen to our economy. There is no reason for us not to set rules and regulations to make sure the mining industry cleans up their mess. I hope our colleagues will understand how detrimental this rule is. Do not give the mining companies an exemp-tion from cleaning up messes in their streams. Let’s say that we are going to do the public interest and not special interests. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, today we are going to be voting on the first of what will be many resolutions of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to roll back the avalanche of Federal regulations that the Obama administration placed on the U.S. economy and, most importantly, the working men and women of this great country. Nowhere have these regulations been more of a burden than on the energy industry of America, which employs millions, millions of Americans— Democrats, Republicans, good, hard- working Americans, and thousands of hard-working Alaskans, my constitu-ents. So I am particularly pleased that the first of these actions—and we are going to be using the Congressional Re-view Act a lot because the economy and families in America need relief—in the Senate is to nullify the so-called stream buffer rule of the Department of Interior. My colleague and friend, the senior Senator from Alaska, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , was down on the floor a little bit about ago. She described just how sweeping this rule was in scope and how despite the Federal law called SMACRA, which requires cooperative Federalism, work-ing closely with the States, the Obama administration did not give the States any input—certainly not my State. But what I wanted to talk about on this rule in particular and why it is so important to have not just Republicans but Democrats—and I am going to en-courage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to please support this resolution of disapproval—why it so important we vote for this resolution of disapproval today is because of the coal miners in America—the coal min-ers in America, who have been under incredible strain and their families. The vote we take today is going to offer them the first signs of relief in years. Now, there were projections by the Department of Interior’s own con-tractors—as my colleague, Senator M
URKOWSKI , mentioned a little bit ago—that thousands of coal miners would lose their jobs because of this rule—thousands. A study showed that estimates would be one-third of coal miners, coal-min-ing jobs in the country were at risk be-cause of this rule. That is a big deal. That is a big deal. One-third. Studies are showing that by the Department of Interior’s own contractor. But not to worry, the Obama administration issued the rule anyway. Again, as my colleague Senator M
URKOWSKI men-tioned, there were concerns—very le-gitimate concerns in my State—that this rule could literally kill every coal- mining job in Alaska, at the Usibelli coal mine in interior Alaska. So what was the so-called stream buffer rule really about? What was it? Well, I think we all know. It was the last salvo in the Obama administra-tion’s arsenal in the war on coal min-ers, a war that has left thousands of hard-working Americans out of work, injured, in despair in its wake. That is what happened. Just look at what hap-pened. Look at our own Federal Gov-ernment going to war against hard- working Americans. That is what hap-pened for 8 years—disgraceful in my view. Now it is time to fight back. Now it is time to fight back. Now it is time for this body to show coal miners in Amer-ica that we are actually on their side and not against them and not trying to ruin them and their families. I want to recount a recent colloquy by a bunch of my colleagues from the other side of the aisle from last December—right be-fore recess. Many of my colleagues—all of whom I respect highly—on the other side of the aisle, my Democratic colleagues, came down to the floor. They were say-ing how coal miners of America were under siege, how they needed help. They were talking about my good friend and colleague Senator MANCHIN ’s bill with regard to protecting coal miner pensions, which, by the way, I am a cosponsor of. So I agree about protecting our coal miners, but I watched a lot of those re-marks. My colleagues were down on the floor for several hours, but what I found very ironic was that I looked at a lot of these Senators and asked: Where were you during this 8-year war against coal miners? What were you doing? I hate to say it, but a lot of them were allies in the Obama admin-istration’s assault on hard-working families and coal miners. I am not saying that about my good friend from West Virginia, J
OE M
ANCHIN , but there were a lot who were. Heck, some were even leading the charge, but, nevertheless, several were down here on the floor right before the holidays lamenting about what has happened to the coal miners in Amer-ica. So to my colleagues who were down here shedding tears for America’s coal miners in December, I want to offer a challenge to you. Here is your chance. Here is your chance. This is a rule that our own Federal Government has said will put thousands of coal miners out of work. If you really care about the coal miners of America, whether in West Virginia or Alaska, come down on the Senate floor this afternoon when we have this vote and vote for this resolution of disapproval, if you want to help the coal miners, if you want to turn this around so there is no war against them, led by the Fed-eral Government. Its own studies said: Yep. Sorry. You and your families are going to be out of work. If you really care like you were saying in December, then come down to the floor today and vote for this resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I think my colleague from Massachu-setts is here on the floor to speak. I will let him have some time. I would say to my colleague from Alaska, the real bait-and-switch is the side of this aisle that allows the Fi-nance Committee to pretend like it is going to do something on the pension program and votes a month before the election, and then after the election, fails to act on such an important issue. I hope people are not advocating pollu-tion as an economic strategy because it will not work. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I thank the Senator from Washington State for her tremendous leadership on all of these environmental issues, which are now on the table in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.015 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES620 February 2, 2017 
country for the first time in a genera-tion. 
TRIBUTE TO BILL BONNAVILLIAN  
Before I turn to the resolution the Senate is debating, I want to take a minute to recognize the contributions of Bill Bonnavillian to advancing America’s science and technology pol-icy. Last month, Bill stepped down as the head of the Washington office of the Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology after 11 years. Bill’s leadership of the office contin-ued MIT’s historic role of providing a vision for advancing science policy and ensuring that knowledge generated at MIT was relevant and available for pol-icymakers in Washington, DC. His leadership will be missed at the MIT Washington office, but I am glad to know he will be staying engaged with the MIT community. I hope he will continue to provide guidance to this body since now, more than ever, we need science to inform the decisions we are making on the Senate floor. Today, Madam President, congres-sional Republicans are beginning the process of going one by one to overturn commonsense rules that have long been opposed by the oil and gas, coal, and other industries in the United States of America. The majority is trying to undo these rules by deploying a rarely used procedural tool known as the Con-gressional Review Act. In fact, the majority is talking about using the Congressional Review Act, or CRA, so often that it could actually get hard to keep track of which indus-try is benefitting from week to week to week from the Republicans’ use of the CRA. I brought down a helpful tool so the viewers at home can keep track of which industries are benefitting each week from Republicans using the CRA to roll back protections for public health, for clean air, for clean water, for clean soil, for the health of the fam-ilies in our country. So let’s consult our wheel to see who is the big winner of the GOP giveaway this week. Up first are the mining and the coal industries. They are the first big win-ners of the GOP Congressional Review Act wheel of giveaways. That is right. First up for repeal by the Republican Congress are public health protections against the toxic practice of mountain-top removal coal mining. These protections were put in place by the Obama administration because a Bush-era rule was thrown out by the courts. These commonsense rules to monitor and ultimately restore streams impacted by coal mining are despised by the coal industry. Those that created the problem despise any rules that would require remedying the problem, as it affected public health— no surprise. Mountaintop removal mining is one of the most environmentally destruc-tive practices on Earth. Mountains are turned into barren plateaus. Streams in the bottoms of nearby valleys are filled with debris and buried. Heavy metals destroy water quality for near-by residents and ruin ecosystems. The rule that the Republicans are at-tempting to repeal today protects the public health and drinking water of millions of American citizens in Appa-lachia and elsewhere across our coun-try. The rule requires that lead, arsenic, selenium, and other toxic pollutants are monitored. It requires that streams that are damaged or destroyed must be restored. Now, the majority likes to say that there is a war on coal, but the only war that coal is losing is in the free market to natural gas, to wind, to solar. These are the sources of electricity that the utilities of our country, that the citi-zens of our country have been moving to over the last 10 to 15 years. There is a war going on in the marketplace. Adam Smith is spinning in his grave as he listens to the Republicans trying to protect an industry from market forces. Adam Smith is actually spin-ning so fast in his grave that he could qualify as a new energy source for our country. That is how shocked he would be about this attempt to undermine the public health and safety in our country on behalf of an industry that is losing a battle in the marketplace. It is the free market that ultimately is causing these changes, and the coal industry is saying: Please protect us from having to protect the public health and safety—clean air, clean water. Please protect us from having to protect families affected by our indus-tries. A few years ago, we generated rough-ly 50 percent of our electricity from coal. Now it is down to 30 percent of all electricity generated in our country from coal—50 percent to 30 percent of all electricity in a handful of years. Coal has been replaced in the free market by natural gas, which has grown from a little over 20 percent of U.S. electricity generation a decade ago to 35 percent today. That is coal’s big problem—natural gas, another fos-sil fuel, but one that emits one-half of the greenhouse gas pollutants as does coal. Coal has also been replaced by clean energy, by wind, especially, which has grown by 5 to 6 percent of our genera-tion, and by solar, which is now 1 per-cent of our generation. In other words, if you go back to 2005 and you look at our country, natural gas was a relatively small percentage of electrical generation, and so were wind and solar. As we debate this issue here today, wind and solar are now up to 7 percent of all electricity generated in our country, up from 1 percent just a little bit more than 10 years ago. It is growing so fast as a preference for American industry, American utilities, and American homes, that it poses a marketplace threat. So what we need to do now, finally, is to have the big debate out here as to what are the implications for public health and safety and what do we have to do in order to maintain the high standards that we have created for the protection of families over the last generation. Last year, electricity generation from natural gas surpassed that from coal for the first time since 1949, when data collection began. Why? To quote the Department of Energy: 
The recent decline in the generation share of coal, and the rise in the share of natural gas, was a market-driven response to lower natural gas prices that have made natural gas generation more economically attrac-tive. Between 2000 and 2008, coal was signifi-cantly less expensive than natural gas. How-ever, beginning in 2009, large amounts of nat-ural gas produced from shale formations changed the balance. 
While the cost of coal has risen by 10 percent since 2008, the cost of natural gas has fallen by more than 60 percent. For a power producer considering new generation capacity, the lifetime cost of electricity from a new coal-fired powerplant is 67 percent higher than from a new natural gas powerplant and 17 percent than from a newly con-structed wind farm, according to the National Academy of Sciences. The reason no one is building coal- fired powerplants is very clear: It is the free market. Coal cannot compete in the free market. In 2016, we added more than 14,000 new megawatts of solar. We are going to add 7 to 8,000 new megawatts of wind. We are going to add nearly 9,000 new megawatts of nat-ural gas, and we added virtually no new megawatts of coal-fired generation in our country. We are projected to add no new coal generation this year as well. It will be more natural gas, more wind, and more solar. The marketplace is rejecting coal as a source of electricity. The market-place is doing that. This isn’t a con-spiracy. It is competition in the free market. Lest my colleagues think that this is just happening in the United States, it is not. More than half of all electrical generating capacity added in the world last year was renewable. Let me say that again. More than half of all new electrical generating ca-pacity added in the world last year was from renewable energy—wind and solar—across the planet. China recently announced that it in-tends to invest $360 billion on renew-able energy by 2020. They intend to cre-ate 13 million Chinese jobs in renew-able energy in that time. This isn’t a conspiracy. It is competi-tion, and the competition for those clean energy jobs is global. When we started carrying iPhones, it wasn’t a war on black rotary dial phones; it was a technological revolu-tion. When we started using Macs and PCs, it wasn’t a war on typewriters; it was a technological revolution. The horseless carriage wasn’t a war on horses; it was a technological revolu-tion that moved us to automobiles. The move away from coal and oil to-ward clean energy and natural gas isn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.016 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S621 February 2, 2017 
a war; it is a revolution—an American- made free market revolution. We now have more than 400,000 Amer-icans employed in the solar and wind industries. By 2020, there are projected to be 600,000 Americans working in these clean energy industries. It is not a war. It is a revolution. Now, next there is going to be an-other industry to win in the CRA, the Congressional Review Act giveaway game. That is right. The next winner will be the oil and gas industries. Republicans intend to move to over-turn a bipartisan requirement under the Dodd-Frank bill that publicly trad-ed oil, gas, and mining companies dis-close to their investors when they make payments to foreign countries, but that requirement is vigorously op-posed by ExxonMobil, the American Petroleum Institute, and the oil and gas industry. Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act was a bipartisan provision au-thored by Senators C
ARDIN and L UGAR . It requires oil, gas, and mining compa-nies to disclose payments to foreign governments, and that is now in jeop-ardy. The Dodd-Frank disclosure rule goes to the core of the Securities and Ex-change Commission’s mission of inves-tor protection. Secret payments can easily be expropriated by corrupt gov-ernments. They can also be a signal that a company is involved in risky business overseas—risks that investors need to know about when making in-vestments. By eliminating this disclosure re-quirement, using the Congressional Re-view Act, we are potentially allowing for oil companies to make secret, un-disclosed payments to foreign govern-ments. Those could include payments intended to gain an advantage over other companies or even bribes to for-eign officials. Eliminating this disclosure require-ment could allow for oil companies to make secret payments to foreign na-tions that could have serious implica-tions for these nations and for inves-tors. I urge my fellow Senators to reject these resolutions and keep in place the commonsense protections for public health, clean water, and financial dis-closure. Earlier today, the Republicans on the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee reported out the nomination of Oklahoma Attorney General Pruitt. Democrats on the committee have grave concerns about his ability to up-hold the EPA’s mission to ‘‘protect human health and the environment.’’ So what we are talking about here is the totality of a picture. The use of the CRA to—one by one by one—go after these environmental protections that have been put in place to increase the health of Americans, to reduce their exposure to arsenic, to lead, and to other dangerous chemicals. This first one that we are debating goes right to the heart of that issue. What the coal industry is doing is using the justifica-tion of their need to be competitive with the natural gas, wind, and solar industries, a battle they are losing in the financial marketplace, as a jus-tification for undermining the public health of our country so they can be more competitive. In other words, the price to be paid to make the coal industry more com-petitive with other industries to which they are losing market share in the electrical generation market is that the public health has to be com-promised and we have to turn a blind eye to the impact on the children and the families in our country who are being exposed to these dangerous chemicals. That is the price we have to pay as a nation? It is unacceptably high. So Adam Smith looks on, and Adam Smith judges us here today. This marketplace defeat of coal by natural gas, wind, and solar is one that is being used to hurt children and hurt families in our country. I do not think it is an acceptable position for our Na-tion to take. I urge a rejection of that motion. I yield back to the leader of this ef-fort on the Senate floor, the great Sen-ator from Washington. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of all, I appreciate the opportunity to get wedged in here. There are a number of very interesting things happening today. One is the CRA that I am very much concerned about. I know that my good friend from Massachusetts did not misrepresent something intentionally; however, this is a little bit more com-plicated than people think it is. I spoke earlier this week on our need to roll back a lot of these regulations that were handed down during the Obama administration. They are all a part of that War on Fossil Fuels, and as you hear, that war is still going on with some of those individuals. How-ever, President Obama is gone, and now we have to look at some of these over-regulations. For a number of years, I chaired the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee. During that period of time, that particular committee had the ju-risdiction over the EPA, which is where most of the bad regulations came from. When I say ‘‘bad regula-tions,’’ I am talking about the over-regulations that make it very difficult for our companies to compete with for-eign companies that don’t have these types of regulations. Let me share something that is not very well understood, and that is what a CRA really is. There are a lot of peo-ple of the liberal persuasion who would like very much to have everything they could regulated in Washington, DC. For example, one of the fights we had was the WOTUS fight. If you ask any of the farmers and ranchers in America—not just in my State of Okla-homa but Nebraska and many other States—what is the most serious prob-lem they have, they would say it is the overregulation of the EPA. If you ask them, of all the regulations, which ones are the most difficult for the farmers out there trying to scratch a living, they will say it is the regula-tions on water. Historically, the jurisdiction of water is a State jurisdiction. Now, a liberal always wants that jurisdiction to be with the Federal Government in Wash-ington. That is their nature. I don’t criticize them for that. They believe that. But if you ask the farmers in my State of Oklahoma, they will say they don’t want that to happen. Histori-cally, water has always been the State’s jurisdiction, with the exception of navigable water. We understand that navigable water should have a Federal jurisdiction. In fact, I would have to say there was a real effort 6 years ago by a Senator who at that time was rep-resenting the State of Wisconsin and a House Member who was representing a district in Minnesota. Those two indi-viduals introduced legislation to take the word ‘‘navigable’’ out of water reg-ulations so the Federal Government would have jurisdiction over all of the water in the States as opposed to the State having that jurisdiction. Not only did we defeat the legislation, but both of those Members were defeated in the polls when they came up for reelec-tion on that issue. The people are clearly on our side. Where does a CRA come in? A CRA is something that has been used to shed light on what we are doing here. I am talking about with respect to our elect-ed representatives. If there are regula-tions that are punitive to the busi-nesses back home, when the Senator goes back to his or her State, they can say: Well, that wasn’t I, that was an unelected bureaucrat who did that. I am opposed to it. They have a shield so people don’t really know where they stand. A CRA takes away that shield because the CRA challenges a regula-tion, and it has to be voted on, forcing Members of the Senate and the House to be responsible for how they are real-ly voting. It is a way of shedding light. We have a lot of CRAs coming. One is going to be a CRA that I sponsored having to do with a regulation in the Dodd-Frank bill, in section 1504. As I mentioned, most of the overregulations come from the EPA, but this particular regulation didn’t come from the EPA. It came from the Dodd-Frank banking legislation having to do with financial services. It is in a section that had nothing to do with financial services. Section 1504 requires all information to be made public that would come from a bid. In the United States of America, our oil and gas companies are in the private sector, but in China it is run by the government. If we are competing for an oil and gas issue that might be in Tanzania and we are competing with China, China would be competing as a government, and we would be doing it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.018 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES622 February 2, 2017 
in the private sector. Section 1504 re-quires the private sector to disclose all elements of their bid when they are competing for a contract with China. The reason for this initially was to pre-clude a country’s leaders from at-tempting to steal money that was given to them for a certain oil project. With this disclosure, they would not be able to do it. Well, you don’t have to have all the components of the bid. All you have to have is the top line, how much money was actually sent to, in this case, the country of Tanzania. The courts came along in 2014 and said this regulation was wrong. There are a couple of problems. One problem is that there is no reason in the world that you should have a mandate to dis-close all the details of a bid because that is giving away information to the competition, giving the other side an advantage. The other problem is the expense of it. We are talking about $600 million a year that would be borne by the private sector in America that China would not have to pay. So it only punishes those within the United States. After the courts threw this out, the SEC should have reworked the rule. They were instructed to rework the rule so every detail of the bidding did not have to be disclosed, just the total amount. That solved the problem that was perceived to be out there because then it would be known that so much money, for instance, maybe a check for $50 million, would go out, and we wouldn’t have to break down the de-tails of it. The main thing is, we need to know, in good government—and that was the intention in the first place— how much money was going to a for-eign government. Some have argued that the CRA is motivated by companies who want to get around transparency. That is clear-ly not the case. The courts have said it is not the case. Oil and gas companies in particular are longstanding sup-porters of greater transparency initia-tives such as the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, the EITI, that is a multilateral, multistakeholder global initiative composed of energy companies, civil society organizations, and host governments. The EITI rules would apply equally to all companies that would be operating in a country. That would level the playing field. We have also heard from those on the left saying that voting to repeal the rule would be a vote in favor of corrup-tion. Yet, importantly, the United States already has in place the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits the paying of bribes to foreign officials to assist in obtaining or trying to re-tain business. The Federal Government is able to bring civil enforcement ac-tions against companies that violate this rule, and section 1504 of the Dodd- Frank Act did not change that. That was in place before and is still in place now. If we pass the CRA and eliminate section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act, it is not going to change things. There are others in the humanitarian community who have expressed con-cern to me that the CRA will under-mine efforts to fight corruption in other governments around the world. Let me assure you that I support your goal. The courts were emphatic when they said this regulation should be repealed. In fact, it was taken down by the court way back in 2013. Well, it has come back up again. What we want to do is merely comply with what the courts told us to do in 2013, and that is to use the CRA to knock out this section 1504 and go back and rewrite it to take out merely the requirement for a break-down of all the individual elements of a contract. That is something we intend to do. I see my good friend from West Vir-ginia, who I think would understand just as well as anyone that when I go back to my State of Oklahoma, they say to me: You have a President—this was back when President Obama was President—who has a War on Fossil Fuels. Fossil fuels are coal, oil, gas, and I would include nuclear. Coming from my State of Oklahoma, they ask: Explain how, if 89 percent of the power that is generated in America comes from fossil fuels and nuclear and they are successful in doing away with it, how do we run this machine called America? The answer is, we can’t. We have to have it. I think we all understand what we want to do is have this rule changed so we are not put at a competitive dis-advantage so we are able to go ahead and compete with countries that have a government-run system. To be able to do that, we need to rewrite this par-ticular act. Again, the courts have al-ready agreed to that and that is what we are attempting to do. For those concerned about the tim-ing and speed of the CRA, I have good news. The actual rule is not set to go into effect until 2018 anyway. The more swiftly we can enact the CRA, the more time it will give us and the SEC to rework it. This is something that is perfectly acceptable. Some of my critics say we can’t come back with a rule that is substantially the same. This will not be substan-tially the same. Actually, this is what the court recommended in 2013. In closing, I want to ask this ques-tion: If we put forth a rule that makes it harder for U.S. companies overseas, who will fill the void? The U.S. compa-nies have the best environmental standards, the best labor practices, and the least corruption of many of the other countries. However, if this vacu-um is there, the business will go to companies from China, India, and Mex-ico that don’t care about pollution and don’t care about labor standards. That is not what we want to have happen. What we need to do is foster a strong competitive environment, with reduced corruption overseas, for the benefit of those living under these governments. So I invite my colleagues to join me in this effort to do away with this reg-ulation through the CRA and to repeal section 1504 of Dodd-Frank and rewrite it so it accomplishes the goal of stop-ping corruption and at the same time is not going to put us at a competitive disadvantage. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise also to speak about the rule. I want ev-eryone to know that the State of West Virginia has been a heavy-lifting State. We are a construction State. We mined the coal that made the steel that built the guns and factories that enabled our Nation to defend us and gave us the great country we have. We have done everything. There is no one in West Virginia, Oklahoma, or any extraction State who wants dirty water or dirty air. Pitting people against each other is just wrong. The way this comes down is that this is a duplicative rule, this stream protection rule that was put in place. My colleagues know that last year the Department of Interior Office of Surface Mining and Reclamation En-forcement basically decided to send the final stream protection rule to the White House without fulfilling their obligations or even a request by myself to contact and work with the local au-thorities and to work with the States that are involved. They did nothing. They would not reach out to us whatso-ever. This was one of many of Presi-dent Obama’s administration’s regula-tions that absolutely crippled West Virginia families and businesses with no plan to replace or create new jobs or help these communities. Not only is this rule very alarming in its scope and potential impacts, the rulemaking was executed in a very flawed way. The rules by the Depart-ment of Interior and Office of Surface Mining and Reclamation must be based on comprehensive data that is avail-able to stakeholders, particularly when those rules threaten to eliminate thou-sands of jobs. All we have asked was to come to the DEP, the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protec-tion, and tell us what is not working, tell us what you want us to do dif-ferently, work with us and help us strengthen where there is a flaw. Not once did we ever get that type of courtesy. States critical to the imple-mentation of this rule were left out of the process in any meaningful way. The Office of Surface Mining failed to work with States throughout this proc-ess, despite the clear congressional in-tent. Furthermore, agencies should not be assuming duplicative rules that overlap regulations under other envi-ronmental laws such as the Clean Water Act. This rule is excessive and duplica-tive. It has over 400 changes to the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act—which is what we refer to as SMCRA—that duplicate existing prac-tices and protections that the EPA and the Army Corps already oversaw. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.019 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S623 February 2, 2017 
So, basically, we already have two agencies that have to do with any type of permitting that goes through the EPA, in conjunction and in alliance with the Army Corps. This overstepped and took all the powers away from them completely. Why would we want to duplicate? If we have an agency that is not doing its job, either change the personnel or get rid of the agency; don’t just create another duplicative role and another agency to oversee it. During my time in the Senate, I have been committed to policies that pro-tect our coal-mining communities and economies, and that is why I intro-duced this resolution of disapproval to undo this harmful, duplicative regula-tion. I am a firm believer in the balance between the economy and the environ-ment. I believe that everything we do in life should have a balance, and we should try to find that balance. But when you are trying to basically use overreach, duplicative rules—a nui-sance—which do nothing but create havoc and make it almost impossible to go forward, you can’t hire enough lawyers and enough accountants to get through the paperwork the government can put on you. But never once, from any of us—from West Virginia or any other State that does the heavy lifting—none of us think that we should discard the Clean Water Act or the Clean Air Act. Those are things that we will cherish and we will protect, and those came about by Republicans and Democrats working together—Republican administrations. We are all for that; we are just not for beating us over the head with a ham-mer when we can work to fix things if we think there is an error. The consequences of this regulation will have far-reaching impacts on the future of coal mining and therefore all other things we can count on. I think, as the Senator from Oklahoma just said, in West Virginia, we have what we call ‘‘all of the above’’ energy. We want all of the above to be used, and use it in the cleanest fashion, and de-sign and develop new technologies that we can use and depend on. We depend on coal, we depend on natural gas, and we depend on nuclear power for the ma-jority of our energy. The other thing I have said is that I believe we should be developing renew-ables also, and we are doing that. Wind, solar, biomass—we do everything. But if you believe that is going to run the country in the energy you use every day and take for granted, then tell me what 4 hours of the day you want your electricity to run. What 4 hours of the day do you want your refrigerator to stay cold? What 4 hours of the day do you want to heat your home? Tell me what 4 hours of the day you take for granted that anything and everything you want works 24 hours a day, because you will not have baseload. Those are the facts. If you don’t like it, then let’s continue to work to make it better, but don’t just put your head in the sand and say: I am going to have what-ever I have. This will work fine. And I have no fossil. I don’t need fossil. I am sorry, the world doesn’t work that way. This country doesn’t work that way. The grid system—your light switch—doesn’t work that way. So today once again I am standing on behalf of West Virginians and common-sense people all over this country, and we have a lot of them in West Virginia. I ask my colleagues to hear their voices and vote in support of this reso-lution that gets rid of these over-reaching, duplicative rules that do nothing but create havoc on the econ-omy and the well-being of the citizens of our great country. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I think all of us understand the gravity of moving forward on a CRA. It is not a usual procedure; it is limited in terms of filibuster rules, and it is ex-traordinary. In this case, unfortu-nately, it is necessary. Had the pre-vious administration actually listened and worked constructively with Sen-ator M
ANCHIN and me and my utilities and the coal industry in North Dakota, we would not be standing here now. This was a rule that had a specific in-tent of addressing mining practices in Appalachia. Yet the former administra-tion made the rule applicable to the entire country. I don’t know that any of those folks drafting the rule had ever been to North Dakota to see just how different our mining practices and geology are compared to Appalachia, so I invited former Assistant Secretary Schneider out last year to take a look for herself. When she came out, she heard directly from North Dakota utilities, regu-lators, and coal companies, and she saw how our operations differ and how my State is a national leader in reclama-tion. Based on the final rule, it is ap-parent that the rule was already made before her visit, and the input of the folks back home in my State, quite honestly, was not taken seriously. North Dakota coal stakeholders esti-mate that the rule could cost coal pro-ducers in North Dakota alone approxi-mately $50 million annually in addi-tional compliance costs and take more than 600 million tons of otherwise mineable, affordable coal off the table. I will tell you, when you look at the landscape of North Dakota and you are sitting there and you are explaining this and you are showing how one rule would require equipment to be moved, draglines to be moved, and how all of that makes absolutely no sense in terms of the resource and, in fact, in terms of the difficulty of actually doing reclamation that needs to be done in that situation; when you are standing out there and you actually look at it, the only conclusion you can come to when you see the net result of this rule is that it was intended to shut down coal mining. That is the only conclusion I could come up with. It wasn’t about clean air and clean water; it wasn’t about protecting this re-source; it was about shutting down the coal mines. So this impacts not only the ability of our utilities to access this affordable and abundant resource, it hits thriving rural communities throughout North Central North Dakota, communities like Hazen, Washburn, and Beulah that rely on coal for good-paying jobs, for funding our schools, for fire protection, for law enforcement and other commu-nity resources that allow our rural communities and healthy middle class to thrive in the State of North Dakota. One-size-fits-all rules do not make any sense. And when you look at the application of this rule and once-size- fits-all, it clearly makes no sense. The beautiful mountains, forests, and streams that dominate the West Vir-ginia landscape, as just described by my great friend Senator MANCHIN , are nothing like the rolling prairies, the buttes, and the prairie potholes of North Dakota. How anyone can look at these two States and think that a rule which is promulgated which will be universally applied can logically be ap-plied to those two different land-scapes—the logic of that completely es-capes me. A rule that requires enhancements to the land, including trees and perma-nent fencing to keep livestock away from streams—well, in North Dakota, we are pragmatists. Not only do we re-turn the land to the same or better condition, we usually convert that land from farm or ranchland to this beau-tiful landscape we see here. I want everyone to understand what reclamation looks like. I want you all to understand that this used to be a strip mine. This used to be a big hole in the ground producing coal. And over generations, and restoring this to the topography—the biggest challenge we have in North Dakota is convincing the original landowner, who would love it to be straight so it is easier to farm, that we have to put it back the way it was. My colleagues can look at this land-scape, and they cannot tell me that the company that did this and the State that set the standards and the commit-ment that was made to reclamation was not honored; that it is not working in North Dakota and that we need a one-size-fits-all stream regulation to fix a problem that doesn’t exist—a problem that is going to cost us $50 million and hundreds of jobs in my State. This is exactly why the people of this country get frustrated, and the people of this country do not under-stand why Washington, DC, thinks they know it all. As a matter of fact, our reclamation programs are highly regarded, and we are, in fact, recognized for doing the best reclamation in the country. I would point to the 2016 Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation Small Project 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.021 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES624 February 2, 2017 
Award that went to our mine reclama-tion project in Bowman, ND. Our coal industry and our utilities are always willing to work with the Federal Government on regulations that focus on actual results, on im-proving environmental safety and standards. They are willing to do that again. They have never had an issue with updating this regulation. All that was asked was that the former admin-istration listen to them, actually be-lieve their eyes when they see the work we are doing and understand the im-pact of that rule. It was done in haste, it was done hur-riedly, and it was done so they could check a mark and say: See, we really are leaving it in the ground. If you want to be leave-it-in-the- ground, then have the courage to come here and say that this country, in the next 20 years, will not extract one fos-sil fuel from the ground. I have great respect for Senator M
AR-
KEY. He was just here talking about how we have made progress because of the conversion from coal mining to natural gas. It is a little disingenuous, I would say, because the whole while, we are talking about how this conver-sion would not have been made possible if it weren’t for industry practices of utilizing fracking to extract natural gas. This is a structured movement using bogus regulations to promote a na-tional policy without having the cour-age to just advance that national pol-icy forward, which is to leave it in the ground. We heard from Senator M
ANCHIN . I want everyone who says: We are going to pursue a leave-it-in-the-ground na-tional policy—I want them all to think about what that does to women and children who live on fixed incomes. I want you to think about what that means for reliable, redundant, and af-fordable power generation in our coun-try. We are going to let the market de-cide. We have moved toward wind energy, which, ironically, the big movement of wind energy was facilitated by a com-promise we reached over a year ago that dealt with allowing for the export of crude oil out of this country—the lower 48—in exchange for more perma-nency and for production tax credits and investment tax credits. We can, in fact, achieve a public policy result if we work together and if we don’t have hidden agendas like ‘‘leave it in the ground.’’ This rule was wrong, it was struc-tured wrong, and it attacks an industry that does this. I will tell my col-leagues, I have been out there. I have worked in this industry and I have been a regulator of this industry. This is not unique. This is what reclamation looks like in North Dakota. And to suggest that we have not been good stewards, to suggest that somehow we are contaminating this beautiful re-source by what we are doing, is wrong on so many levels. It is costly to our consumers. It costs us jobs, and it is wrong on so many levels. With that, I would say, please—this is a process that should only be used very rarely but I think is being used appropriately in this situation with the stream rule. So I stand with my friend JOEMANCHIN in helping sponsor this CRA. We will continue to fight for our industry, fight for our good-paying jobs, and fight for commonsense regu-lation that actually achieves the pur-pose of protecting this beautiful re-source we have in North Dakota. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I am deeply concerned about efforts under-way to use the Congressional Review Act to eliminate protections that have saved lives and cleaned up our environ-ment. I certainly respect the views of my friend and colleague from North Dakota, but there are other perspec-tives to consider. And while today it is a stream buffer rule, tomorrow it will be some other rule intended to protect the health of our communities and our citizens. The Congressional Review Act is a rarely used tool that can erase rules that have taken years and much public input to develop. Passing a CRA resolu-tion, as we are being asked to do in this instance, also prevents us from im-plementing similar protections in the future. The reason is that by passing this kind of resolution, it prevents us from implementing any kind of other rule that is similar in nature. Regardless of whether you voted for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton, no-body wants to live in a dirty environ-ment where we don’t have clean water, clean rivers, clean streams, or clean air. Once again, we are being told to choose between a clean environment and creating jobs. In Hawaii, we have one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country and some of the most robust protec-tions for our environment. Today’s de-bate over the stream buffer rule and fu-ture debates under the Congressional Review Act are not about States’ rights. Today’s debate is not about reg-ulation for the sake of regulation. It is not about a war on coal; it is about pre-venting fossil fuel companies from cre-ating unhealthy communities by pol-luting the water we drink and the air we breathe. The Department of the Interior has been working on this rule for 7 years— 7 years. It replaces an outdated regula-tion that was written during the Reagan administration in 1983. Science has come a long way in 34 years. In that time, we have learned a lot about the detrimental impacts of coal mining on clean water and public health. Clean water is essential, and politically expedient decisions we make now will have lasting impacts for years to come, as families in Flint, MI, know all too well. The stream buffer rule that we are being asked to undo requires coal com-panies to monitor water for contami-nants. Communities have a right to know what is in their drinking water. They have a right to know that their water is clean. They have a right to know what kind of contaminants are in their water. I don’t think this is an un-reasonable expectation. Why are we making this debate a fight between supporting jobs for coal miners and clean water? Divide and conquer is a time-tested tactic that ends up hurting vulnerable populations and communities. Let’s not fall prey to such divisive tactics. This is why I am perplexed as to why we are voting to undo the progress we have made. I will be voting against the CRA and any other CRAs that harm our environment and public health and force us to make a false choice. Again, while I respect the views of my colleagues who have a different perspective on what we are being asked to do today, I urge my colleagues to join me in defeating this resolution. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to oppose the resolution of disapproval on the stream protection rule. Each Con-gress has an opportunity to promote having cleaner air and cleaner water. Our job description shouldn’t include hollowing out the protections for clean air and clean water which previous Congresses have provided. Clean air and clean water are vital not just to human health and the envi-ronment, but to our economy as well. The number of premature deaths due to poor water quality affects our econ-omy. The number of school or work days missed due to health problems af-fects our economy. The ability of in-dustries to have access to clean water affects our economy. Like many of my colleagues, I am proud to represent part of Appalachia, in the western part of Maryland. I have enjoyed skiing, hiking, and simply en-joying one of the most beautiful places in our country. Recreational activities along the Appalachian Mountains de-pend upon clean air and clean water. And recreation is a huge part of ex-panding economic opportunities in Ap-palachia. Over the years, I have met with many people directly affected by the mining practice known as mountaintop removal, and I have worked very hard to address their concerns in a bipar-tisan manner. For instance, in the 111th Congress, I introduced S. 696, the Appalachia Restoration Act, with the senior Senator from Tennessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER , to help protect streams and rivers. The stream protection rule updates 33-year-old regulations to implement the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act. The update establishes clear requirements for responsible sur-face coal mining that will protect 6,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.022 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S625 February 2, 2017 
miles of streams and 52,000 acres of for-ests over the next two decades, pre-serving community health and eco-nomic opportunities, while meeting the Nation’s energy needs. The stream protection rule includes reasonable and straightforward reforms to revise three-decades-old coal mining regulations to avoid or minimize harm-ful impacts on surface water, ground-water, fish, wildlife, and other natural resources. There are a number of very positive, reasonable, and economically feasible changes in the proposed stream protection rule that make it an im-provement over the existing regula-tions. The rule incorporates the best avail-able science, technology, and modern mining practices to safeguard commu-nities from the long-term effects of pollution and environmental degrada-tion that endanger public health and undermine future economic opportuni-ties for affected communities. The final Rule gives regulators more tools to measure whether a mine is de-signed to prevent damage to streams outside the permit area. The rule would require companies to avoid mining practices that perma-nently pollute streams, destroy drink-ing water sources, increase flood risk, and threaten forests. It would also require companies to restore streams and return mined areas to the uses they were capable of sup-porting prior to mining activities and replant these areas with native trees and vegetation, unless that would con-flict with the implemented land use. To help mining companies meet these objectives, the rule requires test-ing and monitoring the condition of streams that might be affected by min-ing before, during, and after their oper-ations to provide baseline data that en-sures operators can detect and correct problems and restore mined areas to their previous condition. Using the Congressional Review Act, CRA, to attack a rule that protects people and communities from harmful impacts of irresponsible coal mining operations, such as buried streams, floods, and subsidence, will benefit coal companies that cut corners at the ex-pense of the people who live in Appa-lachia. And if the resolution is passed, agencies will be prohibited from pro-mulgating any other ‘‘similar’’ rule, unless Congress passes enabling legisla-tion. Opponents of the rule call it a ‘‘job killer.’’ That is myth. The regulatory impact analysis, RIA, for the rule esti-mates that, overall, employment will increase by an average of 156 full-time jobs. According to the RIA, the rule will create more than twice as many jobs as it will eliminate by requiring operators to perform more duties for reclamation, including stream moni-toring. Likewise, the impact on an av-erage household’s monthly electricity bill is slight: just 20 cents per month. Coal miners and their families need jobs, and they need clean water. The two aren’t mutually exclusive. What they don’t need is this attempt to gut a reasonable rule designed to protect them from an environmental disaster, which is much more likely to occur if the Senate passes this resolution of disapproval. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I op-pose the Republicans’ current efforts to gut environmental protections that put industry profits before public health. In repealing the EPA stream protec-tion rule, Republicans are again choos-ing to put the health and well-being of average Americans in jeopardy in favor of the interests of the Big Coal indus-try. This bill seeks to unravel clean drinking water protections imple-mented by the Obama administration. The last time I checked, no one voted to pollute the environment in the last election. The majority of Americans do not agree that we should be disman-tling protections that ensure clean air and clean water. The stream protection rule shields communities from toxic pollution from coal mining, updating regulations that are more than 30 years old. These pro-tections bolster those in the Clean Water Act and establish a long-overdue monitoring requirement for water pol-lutants—including lead, arsenic, and selenium—known to cause birth defects and other severe human health im-pacts. The rule was updated to better protect public health and the environ-ment from the adverse effects of sur-face and underground coal mining. This rule would protect or restore about 6,000 miles of streams and 52,000 acres of forest over two decades. It would prevent water pollution by au-thorizing approval of mountaintop re-moval mining operations only when natural waterways will not be de-stroyed, requiring protection or res-toration of streams and related re-sources, such as threatened or endan-gered species. It gives communities in coal country much needed information about toxic water pollution caused by nearby mining operations. Long-term, the rule would ensure that premining land use capabilities are restored and guarantee treatment of unanticipated water pollution discharges. Mountaintop mining destroys com-munities. Let’s be clear. This rule helps protect communities from the pollution caused by mountaintop re-moval coal mining. In Appalachia, mountaintop removal coal mining has been responsible for the destruction of 2,000 miles of streams and 2.5 million acres of the region’s ancient forests. States have issued advisories that peo-ple should not eat the fish in mined areas because of chemical contamina-tion. In dozens of peer-reviewed stud-ies, mountaintop removal mining has been linked to cancer, birth defects, and other serious health problems among residents living near these sites. According to Kentuckians for the Com-monwealth, the public health costs of pollution from coal operations in Appa-lachia are $75 billion every year. According to a 2011 study in the Jour-nal of Community Health, in counties where mountaintop removal occurs, cancer rates are almost twice than those nearby where there is none. As many as 60,000 additional cases of can-cer are linked to the practice within those 1.2 million Americans who live in these areas. In addition, a 2011 study in the sci-entific peer-reviewed journal Environ-mental Research found that, even after accounting for socioeconomic risks, birth defects were significantly higher in mountaintop mining areas compared to non-mining areas. Likewise, a 2011 study in the Journal of Rural Health found that areas in Ap-palachia with mountaintop removal have significantly higher death rates from heart disease than other areas with similar socioeconomic conditions. Researchers in the same Rural Health study estimated that more than 700 ad-ditional deaths occur annually. Yet the rule is dogged by many myths and falsehoods spurred by the fossil fuels lobby. Almost a quarter of a billion dollars have been spent by oppo-nents of the rule—the coal mining in-dustry, electric utilities, National As-sociation of Manufacturers, railroads, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce— on political lobbying and campaign do-nations. They—and Republicans—claim that implementing this rule will kill coal production—not true. Coal produc-tion is impacted by many factors, in-cluding low natural gas prices. The CEO of the coal company Murray En-ergy even said, ‘‘I’ve asked President- elect Trump to temper his comments about . . . bringing coal back. It will not happen.’’ In comparison, this rule could actu-ally create jobs. Many of the jobs cre-ated by the rule will be construction- type jobs easily conducted by former coal miners. Another myth is that the rule is a huge economic burden on industry— not true. The economic impacts of im-plementing this rule are small relative to the size of the coal industry. Indus-try compliance costs are estimated to average only 0.3 percent or less of the coal industry’s $31.2 billion 2015 esti-mated annual revenues. Conversely, the costs of repealing the rule are borne by Appalachian families and small businesses. Families in these communities will be the ones to endure significant health impacts. Businesses like restaurants, farms, and the out-door recreation industry rely on clean water and are jeopardized by coal con-tamination in their community’s streams. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this effort to kill the important protec-tions provided by the stream protec-tion rule. We must reject efforts to put the interests of the Big Coal industry above the health and well-being of the American people. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, with the resolution on the floor today, our Republican colleagues are begin-ning their effort to roll back critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.001 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES626 February 2, 2017 
health, safety, and environmental safe-guards that the Obama administration put in place. The tool that they are using, the Congressional Review Act, is a particu-larly blunt instrument. The Congres-sional Review Act allows the majority to rush a resolution of disapproval through the Senate with limited debate and only a limited opportunity for Americans to see what Congress is doing. But a resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act does not just send a rule back to the drawing board. Instead, the resolution repeals the rule and prohibits the Agency from ever proposing anything like it again. An analysis in the Washington Law Re-view reported that it is ‘‘conceivable that any subsequent attempt to regu-late in any way whatsoever in the same broad topical area would be barred.’’ The rule before us today, the stream protection rule, deals with how waste from surface mining, also called ‘‘mountaintop mining,’’ is handled. The rule prevents this waste from being dumped near streams. The waste from these mining operations includes toxic pollutants like lead and arsenic. And these pollutants can cause serious health problems in surrounding com-munities. A 2008 study in the Journal of the North American Benthological Society found that 98 percent of streams downstream from mountaintop mining operations were damaged. This rule limits pollution near streams, re-quires monitoring of water quality, and creates standards to restore streams after a mining operation ends. The Reagan administration first put forward stream protections in 1983, ex-ercising authority under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977. Today more than 30 years later, we better understand the effects of sur-face mining, and it makes sense to up-date our standards to protect public health. The Bush administration revis-ited the issue in 2008, but a Federal court vacated the Bush administration rule because they failed to fully con-sider effects on wildlife. Under the Obama administration, in 2009, the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement, or OSMRE, began considering options to bring these stream protections up to date with the current scientific under-standing. In the course of developing the updated rule, OSMRE shared infor-mation and solicited comment from State regulatory authorities and incor-porated their feedback. The Office of Management and Budget’s Office of In-formation and Regulatory Affairs con-tinued the stakeholder engagement process. The Obama administration considered the issue deliberately, for 7 years, before publishing the final rule in December. OSMRE acted appropriately with the Stream Protection Rule. But the ques-tion before us today is not whether the rule is perfect. Today we are consid-ering whether the Agency should be permitted to update the old 1983 rule at all. I believe that it was right for the government to update this outdated regulation and use the best available science to protect drinking water and safeguard public health. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to join me to vote against this resolution to disapprove the rule. Ms. HIRONO. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator withhold her suggestion? Ms. HIRONO. Yes, I will. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise to address the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States. I will address Mr. Gorsuch’s quali-fications and his extensive legal experi-ence in a moment, but first, I invite my Senate colleagues to consider: What do we seek in a nominee to our Nation’s highest court? Maybe it is easier to say what we don’t want. We do not want a law-maker. Washington has plenty of those, 100 Senators and 435 Members of Congress. We do not want a crusader for a cause. Most of all, we do not want a trailblazer. What we want is a follower of the Constitution. We want a Supreme Court Justice who will follow the laws, as written, and uphold the rule of law. This demands discipline; it requires the rarest of virtues: humility. There is no room for hubris on the Supreme Court. We do not want a Justice who be-lieves he knows better than our Found-ers. That is not his job. A Supreme Court Justice should neutrally apply the laws as written by Congress and as understood by the Framers of our Con-stitution. They must not impose their personal preferences upon the law or upon the American people. I want to say again that we want someone who will follow the law and uphold the rule of law. We also seek a keen legal mind. A nominee must possess the sharpest in-tellect and only the most rigorous aca-demic qualifications. This person may be one of nine human beings who will resolve questions affecting the free-doms and the rights of millions. There-fore, in addition to ironclad commit-ment to the rule of law and brilliant intellect, this person must be a known quantity. There must be a reliable record for us to carefully assess. In exercising our constitutional power of advice and consent, we don’t make guesses here in the U.S. Senate. We hold hearings; we ask probing ques-tions. This is how we will determine if Mr. Gorsuch is the legal disciple, bril-liant mind, and known quantity the American people need and the person the American people deserve. The evi-dence so far suggests that he is. As a judge on the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the Tenth Circuit, Mr. Gorsuch has served 10 years in extraor-dinary fashion. He was confirmed by a voice vote here in the U.S. Senate. His opinions reflect a history of upholding the rule of law. His conduct on the bench demonstrates an exemplary judi-cial temperament. He is enormously well qualified. His educational back-ground is impressive: an undergraduate degree from Columbia, a law degree from Harvard, and a Ph.D. from Oxford University. Judge Gorsuch clerked for the Supreme Court. Further, he is well within the mainstream. Among his many impressive aca-demic distinctions, he is a Truman Scholar. This sizeable financial award is given by the Harry S. Truman Schol-arship Foundation to young people pur-suing a career in public service. I note that my colleague from Delaware, Sen-ator C
OONS , is a Truman Scholar. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright serves as president of the Tru-man Foundation. Senator M
CCASKILL  of Missouri is a board member. All are highly respected Democrats. It should be telling that the organization, now headed by Secretary Albright and Sen-ator M
CCASKILL , helped Mr. Gorsuch fund his graduate studies. Jeffrey Rosen of the nonpartisan Na-tional Constitution Center had this to say about the judge: ‘‘He sometimes reaches results that favor liberals when he thinks the history or the text of the Constitution or the law require it, es-pecially in areas like criminal law or the rights of religious minorities.’’ Norm Eisen, Special Counsel for Eth-ics and Government Reform in the White House for President Barack Obama, attended law school with Mr. Gorsuch. He called him, simply, ‘‘a great guy.’’ There is much more that can and will be said about the nominee in the days to come. Much of it will contribute to a vigorous confirmation process. Sadly, I suspect much of it will not. Many, in-cluding some in this Chamber, have said they will oppose any nominee, no matter how qualified. Americans deserve better than this bitter feud in the U.S. Senate. The Presidential campaign is over. As the Washington Post recently editorial-ized, ‘‘A Supreme Court nomination isn’t a forum to refight a presidential election.’’ The newspaper’s editors urged against ‘‘a scorched-earth’’ re-sponse. Senate Republicans gave President Bill Clinton an up-or-down vote on his first two Supreme Court nominees. Senate Republicans gave President Obama an up-or-down vote on his two first Supreme Court nominees. This is a chance for my colleagues in the U.S. Senate to show how high-minded they can be. They can permit a similar up- or-down vote on this President’s first Supreme Court nominee. I invite them to engage with me in a respectful, civil dialogue as we carry out our duty of advice and consent. We need a vigorous confirmation process, and I will work for that vigorous, open, respectful, and transparent process. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.003 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S627 February 2, 2017 
hope all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in that. Mr. President, I yield back the re-maining proponent debate time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pro-ponent’s time is yielded back. The Senator from Delaware. 
NOMINATION NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I would just remind my colleagues that a lot of folks in my State and people I talk to around the country believe it is out-rageous that the last President nomi-nated a candidate for the Supreme Court for almost a year—a full 10 months—before stepping down before his term ended, and that nominee never got a hearing. We had a National Prayer Breakfast this morning, as our Presiding Officer knows. One of the occurring themes of the speakers at the Prayer Breakfast was the Golden Rule, the obligation to treat other people the way we want to be treated. I think that should apply to this nominee from this President. I also believe it should have applied to the last nominee from the last Presi-dent. I think the way Merrick Garland was treated was outrageous, and he was roundly praised by Democrats and Re-publican, Members of this body, alike. The fact that he never got a vote I think is appalling. It runs against ev-erything I was taught to believe. Perhaps the Presiding Officer’s par-ents raised him the same way. My par-ents raised us to believe that two wrongs don’t make a right. Two wrongs don’t make a right. Folks on our side believe—although deeply troubled by the way the last nominee for the last administration was treated—this nomi-nee deserves a hearing. My hope is that he gets one and there is time set aside to prepare for that hearing. My hope is that he will take the time to come and meet with us, particularly those of us who have concerns about his nomina-tion. I think he should be subject to the same 60-vote margin the last several Supreme Court nominees were sub-jected to and passed; I think in one case it was 62 votes, and in another case, 63 votes. I just want to let my friends on the other side—and they are my friends— know that we and, frankly, a lot of people in this country are still trou-bled, looking back. We are going to look forward with the Golden Rule in mind. My hope is that our colleagues will do the same in the future. Mr. President, I rise on a subject that some of my colleagues have talked about here today. It is one that we have been discussing for almost the last 24 hours. It is a Congressional Re-view Act resolution to disapprove the stream protection rule. People may wonder, What does this mean? There once was a Senator from Nevada named Harry Reid. He once wrote a law that said: If Congress doesn’t like a particular rule that has been approved and has gone through the process—drafting, all the approval processes—published in the Federal Register, and something like 60 days on the legislative calendar have run, then that rule is official; it is in full effect. However, if a Member of this body or the House wants to use the Congres-sional Review Act authored by Senator Harry Reid, they can repeal a rule for which the 60-day legislative clock has not run since that rule or regulation was published in the Federal Register. In this case, 60 legislative days have not passed since the stream protection rule was promulgated, printed in the Federal Register, and one or more of our colleagues has said: Let’s use the CRA—Congressional Review Act—to see if we can block or repeal it. I spoke on this yesterday, and I am happy to have a chance to talk a little bit about it again today. A prevailing argument in favor of this resolution to kill the rule is the significant negative economic implica-tions of managing mining operations and site reclamation in such a way that life and economy continue along with and after extraction ends. Let’s take a few minutes to reflect on the other side of the coin. I can assure you that hunters, fishermen, bird-watchers, and recreation enthusiasts of all ages, sorts, and varieties in my home State of Delaware—and I am sure in every State in our Nation—value an environment that supports the places they treasure and the species they seek. That is not the legacy of mining. Because of historically weak rec-lamation and restoration require-ments, Appalachia now has more than a million acres of economically unpro-ductive grasslands that cannot support farming, ranching, or the hardwood forest products sectors. That is one of the reasons for and one of the many strengths of this rule: to focus on post- mining economic uses of land, which could include ranching, forestry, tour-ism, birdwatching, hunting, fishing, and the list goes on. In America today, there are 47 mil-lion men, women, and children who hunt and fish. We all represent them. According to a 2014 report from the Na-tional Wildlife Federation, these ac-tivities deliver an astonishing $200 bil-lion to the country’s economy, and they support one and a half million jobs. I wish to also point out that mining impacts on headwaters are particularly important, as they represent the very foundation of our water system that supports all these activities and gen-erates all of these benefits. Just to il-lustrate this point, Appalachia—a re-gion in which I grew up—is the world’s leading hotspot of aquatic biodiversity. I was born in Beckley, WV, and we lived there for 6 years or so after I was born and I came back a whole lot over the years to hunt and fish with my grandfather, but I had no idea there was this kind of biodiversity in that re-gion. There are more species of freshwater fish in one river system in Tennessee than in all of Europe. Think about that—more species of freshwater fish in one river system in Tennessee than all of Europe. Yet surface coal mining has destroyed more than 2,000 miles of streams in this region alone. Cutting the heart out of our ecosystems is no way to do business. The question is, Would mining com-panies respect and consider these val-ues and benefits as part of their oper-ations and reclamation efforts without surface mining and clean water laws and the effective protections provided by the stream protection rule? I would say probably not. It is no surprise, then, that conservation and fisher-men’s organizations, such as Trout Un-limited, the American Fly Fishing Trade Association, the Izaak Walton League of America, and Theodore Roo-sevelt Conservation Partnership, so strongly support this rule and robust implementation of the Clean Water Act. In fact, 82 percent—over 8 out of 10—of America’s hunters and anglers feel that we can protect water quality and also have a strong economy and good jobs at the same time. It is a false choice to say we can’t have both at the same time. The stream protection rule would protect and restore an estimated 6,000 miles of streams and 52,000 acres of for-est over two decades—areas important for hunting, fishing, and outdoor recre-ation. All these activities would provide local citizens and communities with economic opportunity to replace or build upon what often are one-industry regions. They, in turn, support local economies and create accessible work opportunities for residents, many of whom would otherwise struggle to make ends meet, care for their health, and support their families. In the end, this is a much more valuable and sus-tainable future for everybody con-cerned. These truths hold in their unique ways in mining States across our coun-try, whether they involve ensuring salmon runs in Alaska or ranching in Wyoming. I will close by repeating a point I made previously in support of this stream protection rule. This past year, the Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement and the Fish and Wildlife Service completed consulta-tion under the Endangered Species Act, resulting in what is known as the 2016 Biological Opinion. This new Biological Opinion smooths the way for more effi-cient Endangered Species Act compli-ance and provides some important pro-tections to industry and State regu-lators regarding possible impacts of mining operations on protected species. I think it is important to note that if we kill this rule—and I hope we will not—that protection for industry and State regulators will go away, and those players will have to resort to a more cumbersome case-by-case review under the Endangered Species Act for all activities that might affect pro-tected species. That would be a shame. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.025 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES628 February 2, 2017 
That would be a shame, especially for a struggling industry. For this and for so many other rea-sons, this is a job-creating, economy- expanding rule. Why wouldn’t we sup-port it? Once again, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this resolution. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, yes-terday I had the chance to come to the floor and talk about the changes I have seen in the streams and rivers in my home State of Oregon as we worked to clean them up, restore them for wild-life, restore them for swimming, re-store them for boating, and restore them for drinking water, and how ter-rific it was to see this occur. We are now considering a parallel provision—a provision designed really to protect the streams near intense mining zones. I had a chance yesterday to go through the details of the regula-tion and how it made, for example, the coal slurry ponds more secure so they wouldn’t rupture. As I pointed out, one ruptured and killed over 100 people and injured more than 1,000 people, not to mention the damage it did to the eco-system for an extended length down-stream. I talked about the toxic chemi-cals that are leaching out of improp-erly developed piles, as they are called. Today I want to share a few more of the stories of folks who live in the area and how important it is for them. Sam Needham, who lives near Appa-lachia, VA, talks about the changes he has seen in rivers near his home since he moved there in 1978. Sam said that when they first moved there, ‘‘Callahan Creek that runs near our house . . . was full of different kinds of fish. Now I don’t see any fish in the water. I wish it could be like it was in the 70’s and 80’s, but with all the runoff from sedi-ment ponds and mines, I don’t think it will ever be like that again.’’ Sam sup-ports the stream protection rule. He said: ‘‘I would like to see regulations to protect our waters and maybe one day be able to fish in Callahan Creek again.’’ He is not asking for a tremen-dous amount. Chad Cordell of Charleston, WV, said that he has ‘‘been concerned about the impacts of mountaintop removal since learning the beautiful valleys and streams of my home state were being buried under hundreds of feet of rub-ble.’’ He said he wants ‘‘strong, science-based protections for the creeks, streams, and rivers that are the lifeblood of our state,’’ and he noted that ‘‘attacking the Stream Protection Rule isn’t the way to build strong, healthy, resilient communities or a strong, stable economy.’’ John Kinney of Birmingham, AL, said: 
I have lived most of my life in Jefferson County, Alabama, enjoying the outdoors, particularly canoeing and fishing on the Black Warrior and Cahaba River. While it seems that many folks in regu-latory agencies don’t consider Alabama to be part of Appalachia, and don’t understand the extent of coal mining in our state, I have seen the devastating impact of coal mining in our state . . . first hand. He goes on: 
I have seen lakes turned gray downstream of mines. I have seen streams turned bright orange downstream of coal preparation plants. I have seen sloughs that once formed deep channels (perfect spots for largemouth bass) filled in with sediment. 
John wants to see Federal protec-tions ‘‘that help protect water quality for all uses downstream of coal mines and associated industries’’ and wants to see the stream protection rule stay where it is. Here is a final story. It is from Chuck Nelson, a fourth-generation coal miner from West Virginia who dug coal un-derground for 30 years. He became an advocate for environmental rules like the stream protection rule after a coal processing plant was built near his home. Thick, black coal dust was al-ways coating his home inside and out. His wife developed very bad asthma problems, and his kids couldn’t use the swimming pool because of a thick black skin always on the top of the water. He decided to make his voice heard, and he came to DC from West Virginia 25 times to talk to lawmakers and regulators. He was a regular cit-izen. He saw a problem impacting his wife, and he wanted us to work to fix it. He finally succeeded when the stream protection rule was finalized in December. It amounts to this: The way that one conducts mountaintop coal mining has a huge impact, just as it does with other industries. Having basic rules about how that work is done ensures sustainability of the nearby streams. This was done with a tremendous amount of involvement of stake-holders, tremendous number of meet-ings, 6 years of coordination, trying to find a way that doesn’t paralyze coal mining but does protect the streams. That is the balance which was being searched for, discovered, and imple-mented with this rule, and we should leave it in place. We shouldn’t destroy these years of work to protect our beautiful streams with just a few hours of debate, with no public notice or awareness of what is going on. If we want to review this thoughtfully and seriously, let’s have it done in com-mittee, where the public can partici-pate and Senators can take a delib-erate stand and not destroy this work to protect these thousands of miles of streams in a blink of an eye. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there is a provision in the law which allows the Congress to review regulations within 60 days after they are written and de-cide up or down. That is what we are doing here. This is about the stream rule that has a direct impact on mining oper-ations, particularly coal mining oper-ations. This has been a battle that has been going on for decades—decades— trying to establish a fair environ-mental standard for those in mining operations. Efforts have been made, some with limited success. Courts have thrown out earlier versions. So the Obama administration decided they would tackle this. They spent 6 years rewriting 380 pages of rules. Over 150,000 public comments were solicited and received. This is a pretty controversial matter, as you can tell. I have been amused by the critics of this rule who said: Well, Obama just did that as he was going out the door. No. They worked on it for years. There were, as I said, over 100,000 public comments. It is not easy. It is tricky and it is challenging, but they produced it. Now today the Repub-licans in the Senate and the House want us to wipe it away. What difference would it make? If you don’t live next to a coal mine, do you think, well, what difference does it make in my life? I listened to J
EFF MERKLEY , my friend from Oregon, talk about the streams and the rivers. Maybe I don’t fish, and I don’t care. I don’t go out camping, either, and I haven’t been hiking. Whether the fish are alive or dead or the streams are polluted or not, who cares? I guess some people feel that way. I don’t, even though I don’t use our natural resources as much as some. But there is a bigger issue here. This is not just about whether there will be fish alive in the stream or the lake. Let me tell you what that issue is. The issue is the safety of our drinking water. Do you know what is going on when these mining operations dump all this debris into the streams? It rains. Water is flowing. The stream water goes downstream. Now follow the water from the dumping of the mining oper-ations to the chemicals included in that dumping—arsenic, for example. As it goes downstream, it doesn’t just kill the fish. In my State, 1 out of 10 people in Illinois depend on those internal river and stream sources for their drinking water. If you don’t have hon-est, realistic, and safe standards when it comes to drinking water, you have decided to up the risk of the people who are drinking the water that comes out of the tap. I think that is a problem. Have you had a conversation with your family at any point about what is going on? Why do we have so much cancer in this area? Why do we have so many prob-lems in this area? Could it be the drinking water? We have asked that question ourselves in our own area of Central Illinois, and many other fami-lies have asked the same. If we take the approach which we are being asked to today and wipe away the safety standards for the water that is ultimately flowing into the taps where we drink it, shame on us. Shame on us. Is it too much to ask the mining operations not to dump their trash into the streams? Is it too much to ask 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.026 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S629 February 2, 2017 
them to restore vegetation after they have chopped off the top of a mountain in West Virginia? In Illinois, I can tell you the strip mining, which went on for years and decades left a lot of areas of beautiful farmland in Illinois forever blighted. Whatever happened to the coal com-panies that stripped off that land, took the coal, and left the mess behind? Long gone. You couldn’t find them if you wanted to. What Senator C
ANTWELL has said, and we ought to remember, we believe polluters should pay. We believe that the ultimate responsibility, when it comes to keeping our environment clean, our drinking water safe, is on the polluter. The Republicans disagree. They say: Well, it is just Obama’s War on Coal. All right. If you want to bring it down to that level, then it is Trump’s War on Clean Drinking Water. That is what this vote is all about. That is what it is all about. Shame on us if we decide to eliminate this protection for families and run the very real risk that the pollution in those streams could cause public health issues, as well as the death of wildlife and fish down-stream. That is why I think this vote is so important. This is a first. You heard what Re-publicans have said is the reason Amer-ican business is not growing—overregu-lation. You get this picture of some mettlesome, busybody bureaucrat dreaming up some other way to make life more difficult for people who own businesses. I will tell you there is some of that, and I am not going to defend it, but there is also a conscientious ef-fort by people who are scientists to try to make sure that those of us who are not scientists live in a world that is safe, safe for the air we breathe, safe for the water we drink. If we start sweeping that away, rejecting the science that proves overwhelmingly that we are going through global warming and climate change, rejecting the science that says the runoff in these streams and rivers could ulti-mately hurt not only wildlife but ulti-mately hurt the American people and the water they drink, shame on us. Well, we will get rid of regulations, coal mining operations will make more money, and maybe they will continue on—I am sure they will in some re-spect—but will we be better off as a na-tion? This is day 14 of the Trump Presi-dency. It seems like a lot longer to some of us. Republicans in the Senate and the House have decided to strike a blow for eliminating science-based reg-ulation to protect the public health. It is a shame, but it is going to happen. They have the votes on the Senate floor. They are in control and now the American families are going to ask us: Were you there? Were you standing up for us when the safety of our drinking water was at stake? I will be voting no on this effort to repeal this legislation. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CAS-
SIDY). The Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Illinois for being on the floor to speak. He is right. We are going to keep score. There are going to be attempts by the Trump ad-ministration and the other side of the aisle to level the score against clean water; that is to say, polluters don’t have to pay. So if we pass this override of existing clean water rules—yes, this will be the start. Trump 1, clean water 0. Unfortunately, it is probably not going to the end because what is hap-pening now is, Republicans control ev-erything in Congress. They want to use their ability to have very little debate and to then override rules that are on the books to protect streams in the United States of America. I so appreciate my colleagues coming to the floor to explain this issue, as this is critical. It is critical because the impacts of mining destroy head-waters. Between 1992 and 2000, coal mines were authorized to destroy about 1,200 miles of headwater streams, and this resulted in the loss of 4 percent of our upper headwater streams in areas of Appalachia in a single decade. The surface mining impact on water from fractured rocks above coal seams react chemically with the air and water and produce higher concentra-tions of minerals, irons and trace met-als, and those headwaters in West Vir-ginia typically measure with elec-tricity conductivity on an order of magnitude of those downstream. What that is saying is, these chemicals react in the water to create problems. Under-standing what has been going on with that level of conductivity is one of the big advances in science in the last 10 years. That is why we want to update the rule because we now know what goes on when selenium is in the water. The conductivity is highly correlated with the loss and the absence of var-ious species that are very pollution sensitive. This level of stream degradation comes from the various fractured rock. When sulfate is present, you get acid mine drainage. That acid mine drain-age then mobilizes metals toxic to fish—such as iron and aluminum and zinc—and that is where we start to have problems. A 2008 study found that 93 percent of streams downstream of surface mining operations in Appa-lachia were impaired, and our col-leagues don’t want to make sure that the mining companies monitor that and do stream restoration? Another study found that adverse im-pacts of Appalachian mines extended on an average of 6 miles downstream; that is, this acid mine drainage is flow-ing 6 miles downstream. Why not have the mines measure this at the top of the stream, understanding what the se-lenium impact is, and doing something to minimize the impact on our streams that we are going to have to live with forever. What is wrong with selenium? It causes very serious reproductive prob-lems, physical deformities, and at high concentration it is toxic to humans. Basically, it is the similar effect to ar-senic poisoning. These coal mines are transforming our landscape, lowering our ridges, and raising our valley floors. One study in 2013, in Central Appalachia, found that mining lowered these ridgetops by an average of 112 feet. What we are trying to say is, you are impacting wildlife downstream; that the deforestation of these sites allows the flow of these riv-ers to increase flooding. The effects are worsened because the compacted soil on these sites also causes a problem. It is not much better than just plain old asphalt; that is, it means that plants and forests cannot grow back, it means that it impairs these various species, and it causes problems. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article from the Pittsburgh Post-Ga-zette. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Jan. 31, 2017] A P
LUME OF POLLUTION DISCOLORS PART OF  M
ONONGAHELA RIVER (By Don Hopey) An iron-orange acid water discharge from a long-abandoned coal mine discolored the Monongahela River for a four-mile stretch along the Allegheny County-Washington County border over the weekend, raising public concern but causing no problems for public water suppliers downriver. The discharge from the Boston Gas Mine, its volume boosted by recent rains, enters the river in the small Sunfish Run tributary at Sunnyside, in Forward, 34 river miles from Pittsburgh’s Point. Beginning Saturday evening and continuing through Sunday, it was visible flowing downriver in a 75-foot wide plume that hugged the east bank until blending into the river near New Eagle. ‘‘It was orange, and it had to be an enor-mous amount of water to color the Mon,’’ said Janet Roslund, a resident of Monongahela, where she viewed the plume. ‘‘Something about that is just not right.’’ Neil Shader, a spokesman for the Pennsyl-vania Department of Environmental Protec-tion, said the plume likely contained iron, aluminum and manganese, and the depart-ment is continuing to take water samples. ‘‘At this time there is no concern for drink-ing water, and water systems have systems in place to remove the contaminants,’’ he said. The Ohio River Valley Water Sanitation commission notified all downriver water sup-pliers on the Allegheny and Ohio rivers, but the closest, Pennsylvania American Water, with intakes 10 miles down the Mon in Elrama and 18 miles downriver at Becks Run, reported no water quality problems. ‘‘We’ve been monitoring the intakes for the past 40 hours and have found no impacts to the water supply,’’ Gary Lobaugh, a water company spokesman said Monday. ‘‘We’ve increased our sampling of source water to every hour but seen nothing impacting our water quality.’’ According to Joe Donovan, a geologist at West Virginia University who studies aban-doned mine discharges in the Mon Valley, the abandoned Boston Gas mine is a large 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.028 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES630 February 2, 2017 
mining complex that has approximately eight outcrop discharges along the river be-tween Donora and Monongahela. The one on Sunfish Run that created the orange plume in the river is the largest, he said. ‘‘Nothing new here,’’ he said. ‘‘(The) flow may be up this time of year, especially right after a precip event.’’ 
Ms. CANTWELL. The discharge from the long-abandoned Boston Gas Mine in Pennsylvania turned a 4-mile stretch of the Monongahela River orange. The Pennsylvania Department of Environ-mental Protection said the plume like-ly contained iron, aluminum, and man-ganese. A geologist at West Virginia University who studies abandoned mine discharges said the abandoned mine is a large mining complex that has approximately eight outcrop dis-charges and created this large plume. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an AP story dated January 28, 2017. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Associated Press, Jan. 28, 2017] U
NDERGROUND FIRES, TOXINS IN UNFUNDED  C
LEANUP OF OLDMINES (By Michael Virtanen) P
RESTON COUNTY , W.V A. (AP).—An under-ground coal mine fire burns beneath a sprawling hillside in West Virginia, the pale, acrid smoke rising from gashes in the scarred, muddy earth only a stone’s throw from some houses. The fire, which may have started with arson, lightning or a forest fire, smoldered for several years before bursting into flames last July in rural Preston County. The grow-ing blaze moved the mine to the top of a list of thousands of problem decades-old coal sites in West Virginia awaiting cleanup and vying for limited federal funds. State officials say $4.5 billion worth of work remains at more than 3,300 sites aban-doned by coal companies before 1977, when Congress passed a law establishing a na-tional fund for old cleanups. That program was part of an effort to heal the state from the ravages of an industry that once domi-nated its economy but has fallen on hard times. ‘‘West Virginia is right at the top for needs,’’ said Chuck Williams, head of Ala-bama’s efforts and past president of the Na-tional Association of Abandoned Mine Lands Programs. He said Pennsylvania, Kentucky and West Virginia—all states with a mining history that extends back two centuries—ac-count for the lion’s share of unfinished work among the 28 states and Indian tribes in the program. Despite being one of the most affected, fed-eral officials have only one-third of West Virginia’s proposed cleanup costs on their $7 billion national list of high-priority work. The sites include old mines that leak acidic water into streams and kill wildlife and dan-gerous holes that attract children. Tunnels and caverns beneath homes also need to be shored up and new water lines are needed where wells are polluted. ‘‘Our program exists to abate health and safety hazards,’’ said Rob Rice, chief of the West Virginia Office of Abandoned Mine Lands and Reclamation, which is handling the mine fire. ‘‘We have so much need. It’s frustrating for us.’’ Environmental improvements are a sec-ondary but major benefit, he said. ‘‘This whole area has been extensively mined,’’ said Jonathan Knight, riding re-cently through the exurbs east of Morgan-town. A planner for the state office, he said housing developments have been built above old mines that many homeowners don’t even know about. The state will get $23.3 million from the federal reclamation fund this year, which is replenished by fees on mining companies. The mines pay 12 cents per ton of under-ground coal mined and 28 cents per ton from surface mining, but the funding has dropped the past three years with a downturn in coal production. It will cost about $1 billion just to extin-guish all of West Virginia’s 43 fires in aban-doned mines, according to the state office. They could have been caused by forest fires, arson, lightning strikes or even old under-ground explosions that never went com-pletely out. About $5 million will be spent to extin-guish the Preston County fire, smoldering a stone’s throw from houses in a mostly rural area near the hamlet of Newburg. In October, the office spent $209,400 to cut trees and plug holes feeding the fire with oxygen. The state office, with about 50 staff, is paid from the federal Abandoned Mine Reclama-tion Fund along with the contractors it hires. Together they close mine portals, ex-tinguish fires, support collapsing hillsides and sinking houses, and treat acidic water leaking out along with dissolved metals. The need for drainage work won’t end for cen-turies. The grants also fund water lines to replace polluted wells. ‘‘There’s more water within mine pools in West Virginia than there is in the lakes of West Virginia,’’ Rice said. ‘‘More than 2,500 miles of streams are severely degraded be-cause of mine drainage in West Virginia.’’ The state program has brought several back to life with new treatment systems. The federal program is scheduled by law to expire in 2021, leaving behind about $2.5 bil-lion in a trust fund expected to pay for any ongoing work needed by 25 states and three Indian tribes to address problems from pre- 1977 abandoned coal mines. West Virginia has set aside about $55 million of its grant money received already for continuing water treatment funded by the interest. The federal program has collected more than $10.5 billion in fees from coal produc-tion and distributed more than $8 billion in grants to states and tribes, according to the federal Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement. It will provide nearly $181 million in fiscal 2017. ‘‘We continue to discover threats from left- behind mine pits, dangerous highwalls, acid mine drainage that pollutes our water sup-plies, and hazardous mine openings,’’ federal director Joe Pizarchik said earlier this year. An Obama administration appointee, he re-signed effective last week. Pollution and lurking underground dangers from mining since 1977 fall into a different category because the federal government made them the responsibility of the compa-nies. They were required to post bonds before opening mines, with the state taking over if they default. 
Ms. CANTWELL. The article talked about Preston, WV, and a fire in an abandoned coal mine that smoldered for several years. This mine is one of ‘‘thousands of problem decades-old coal sites in West Virginia awaiting clean-up.’’ These abandoned sites include old mines that leak acidic water into streams and killing wildlife. Tunnels and caverns beneath homes threaten water sources where wells are polluted. All of these are examples of the kind of damage that is being done by these mines. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD an-other article from the Columbus Dis-patch. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Columbus Dispatch, July 20, 2014] I
NWESTVIRGINIA , MOUNTAINTOP MINING IS C
AUSING FISHSPECIES TODISAPPEAR  W
ASHINGTON .—In West Virginia’s Appa-lachian Mountains, fish are vanishing. The number of species has fallen, the populations of those that remain are down, and some fish look a little skinny. A new government study traces the decline in abundance to mountaintop removal, the controversial coal-mining practice of clear- cutting trees from mountains before blowing off their tops with explosives. When the resulting rain of shattered rock hits the rivers and streams that snake along the base of the mountains, minerals released from within the stone change the water’s chemistry, the study said, lowering its qual-ity and causing tiny prey such as insects, worms and invertebrates to die. ‘‘We’re seeing significant reductions in the number of fish species and total abundance of fish downstream from mining operations,’’ said Nathaniel Hitt, a research fish biologist for the U.S. Geological Survey’s office in Kearneysville, W.Va., and one of the study’s two authors. Hitt and his co-author, Doug Chambers, a biologist and water-quality specialist in the Charleston, W.Va., office of the USGS, took a 1999 study of the Guyandotte River basin’s fish populations by Penn State researchers to compare them over time. For two years starting in 2010, they sam-pled the populations in waters downstream from an active mountaintop coal-mining op-eration. In one of the sample areas, the Mud River watershed, which contains the largest tributary of the Guyandotte River, at least ‘‘100 point-source pollution-discharge per-mits associated with surface mining have been issued,’’ the study said. North America’s central Appalachian Mountains, where the basin lies, are consid-ered a global hot spot of freshwater-fish bio-diversity, but few researchers have inves-tigated the impact of mountain strip mining on stream fish, and the effects ‘‘are poorly understood,’’ the study said. Hitt and Chambers found that the number of species was cut in half and the abundance of fish fell by a third. The silverjaw minnow, rosyface shiner, silver shiner, bluntnose min-now, spotted bass and largemouth bass, plus at least two other species detected before their study, were no longer there. Another fish species—the small and worm-like least brook lamprey, never before de-tected—had moved in. In areas of the river basin where there was no mountaintop mining, fish flourished. In addition to species that had been in those waters previously, seven new ones were found, including the spotfin shiner, the spottail shiner and the golden redhorse. ‘‘I think if we only focus on the fact that it’s fish . . . some people will say, ‘So what?’??’’ Chambers said. But fish and the invertebrates they eat are canaries in a coal mine for researchers, ‘‘indicators of the water quality,’’ he said. The USGS looks ‘‘at the nation’s water re-sources . . . their significance to the nation, and tries to understand processes that are degrading water quality. Tainted water may not be suitable for additional uses.’’ Research such as the USGS’ study of mountaintop mining, published online this month by the Society for Freshwater 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.005 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S631 February 2, 2017 
Science, is viewed with suspicion in coal country, where mining operations provide thousands of jobs. ‘‘The people opposed to the coal industry are trying to pile on with more studies,’’ said Bill Raney, president of the West Virginia Coal Association. ‘‘It sounds like this is one of those studies that sets out to show there’s harm done. It sounds like perhaps more of the same.’’ Raney said he has not seen the USGS study and cannot strongly criticize its methods or conclusions, but people ‘‘don’t just wake up in the morning and decide they are going to do mountaintop mining,’’ he said. ‘‘It takes three to four years to get a permit. Every as-pect of the operation is analyzed.’’ Mountaintop removal as a way of extract-ing coal has been in practice since the 1960s, but its use has expanded in the past two dec-ades, and it now takes place in the Appa-lachian regions of Ohio, Kentucky and Vir-ginia in addition to West Virginia. The coal that the process produces pro-vides power to hundreds of thousands of homes, industry advocates say, and creates about 14,000 jobs that pay middle-income sal-aries in regions where work is hard to find. ‘‘The average mining wage is more than $66,000 per year . . . 57 percent higher than the average for industrial jobs,’’ according to the National Mining Association. ‘‘Moun-taintop mining accounts for approximately 45 percent of the entire state’s coal produc-tion in West Virginia.’’ Raney’s association disputes allegations that mining destroys streams and moun-tains, saying that state permits and govern-ment regulations require the land to be re-stored after use. But the Sierra Club Eastern Missouri Group called the practice ‘‘quite possibly the worst environmental assault yet’’ because of the amount of landscape it removes and the effects on people and animals. Homeowners in one West Virginia commu-nity, Lindytown, were bought out by a com-pany before the town essentially disappeared after mountaintop removal. Homes and a grave site were left behind. Cascading debris has buried streams, affecting a diversity of wildlife, a major concern raised by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Often, companies are granted exemptions that ease requirements to restore land. Con-servationists call the practice a plunder, and protesters, including Quakers in Appalachia and demonstrators at the White House, have called on the government to end it and banks to stop funding it. ‘‘Mountaintop-removal mining is one of the fastest-changing land-use forms in the region,’’ Hitt said. ‘‘One of the main ques-tions for our research lab is how biological communities respond to land-use changes.’’ In the case of the fish, they seemingly do not respond well, Chambers said. ‘‘To sum up, 10 fish species were apparently extirpated from the mined sites,’’ meaning they were wiped out, he said. Fish with a more diverse diet appeared to fare well, but those that relied primarily on invertebrates, such as small aquatic insects, tended to fare poorly. ‘‘It’s telling us that the water quality is changing,’’ Chambers said. Water in that area is not used for drinking, he said, but ‘‘if you look at it from a regulatory perspective, you have to determine if the water is fish-able, swimmable, drinkable—all of these are benchmarks.’’ 
Ms. CANTWELL. The article states: ‘‘The report found that the number of species was cut in half and the abun-dance of fish fell by a third, down-stream from these mining operations.’’ I wish to talk about a mine now owned by Murray Energy that in 2009 spewed pollution in Pennsylvania, kill-ing 43,000 fish and 15,000 mussels. Seven years later, the fish and mussels are still missing and not returning. They have paid a fine, but we are still living with the damage. As my colleagues can see, this issue is about overriding a rule that helps protect our streams and rivers and makes sure that the wildlife there has safe drinking water and to make sure that we enjoy these natural areas. As I have pointed out through this debate, there are many jobs in the outdoor in-dustry, and that is why sportsmen such as Trout Unlimited and the wildlife federations that are coalitions of hunt-ers and fishermen all support this rule and don’t want it overturned. I know that the coal industry has spent $160 million over the last dozen- plus years trying to defeat regulation of its industry. Actually, the 0.1 per-cent they would have to pay was a lot lower than what they were spending on their lobbying issues. Instead, they should help us all get to the bottom. But why have we done this by trying to fight today? That is because the science has told us that since 1983, we have a lot more information about the toxic level in the streams because of these products. We simply want a rule that reflects that the mining industry must measure and mitigate that im-pact. What is wrong with allowing science to lead the way? I know our colleagues like to say that States should be left to do this, but you do have to have a Federal standard. You do have to have a Fed-eral standard that they adhered to. It would be as if today I said: Let’s over-ride what we have done in this Nation in setting a miles per gallon for auto-mobiles and just leave it up to the States instead. Well, we are saying we should have fuel efficiency but let’s just leave it up to the States about how many miles per gallon we really should have in automobiles. If we did that, how many regulations do you think we would have? Do you think we would have the same fuel effi-ciency we have today? What is happening is these coal com-panies are going into States, going into their areas, and lobbying lawmakers there against regulation, and in a cou-ple of cases I have discussed today they were successful in getting Kentucky to fall asleep at the switch so the citizens brought the lawsuits to clean up the mines. They were successful because they finally caught the attention of people who should have been doing their job. This rule, as it has been put in place, does give States flexibility. Its key def-inition says States get discretion to es-tablish an objective criteria for meas-uring standards and restoring the streams. It basically says the final rule has several options to demonstrate compliance on the area of fish-and- wildlife. States can use their judgment about the types, scope, and location of enhancements. It says on groundwater, States can choose their sampling, pro-tocol, subsequent analysis, and base-line. On rain measurements, States can choose whether to require mines to prepare a hydrologic model about the mine, and States can choose to allow mining companies to change their drainage patterns as they look at re-building ephemeral streams. There is a lot of flexibility for the States. A lot of them haven’t been doing as good a job as we would like, but you have to have a Federal stand-ard. Your Federal standard is decades old. Science is telling us we have a problem. Please, please, do not pass this override of an important clean water law. Instead, if we want to fix it, let’s sit down and do that legislatively. Let’s not allow the polluters to get away with having their way on so many streams across America. Mr. President, my comments here re-flect my understanding as ranking member of the Senate committee of ju-risdiction over the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act, SMCRA. I am strongly opposed to dis-approving the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement’s stream protection rule because I both support the substance of the rule and I believe the Congressional Review Act is an in-appropriate and extreme legislative tool. While my opposition to H.J. Res. 38 and its Senate companion, S.J. Res. 10, is clear, in the event that either resolu-tion is enacted, I would look forward to a timely reissuance of a new rule. Not-withstanding the delay resulting from enactment of either disapproval resolu-tion, the authority SMCRA grants to OSMRE through the Secretary of the Interior will persist—so will the clear obligations in the statute. The provision in the Congressional Review Act that prohibits reissuance of a future rule ‘‘in substantially the same form’’ as the rule being dis-approved, unless specifically author-ized by another future law, does not di-minish my confidence. Under the ample authority granted to the Sec-retary of the Interior under SMCRA, a large variety of forms of implementing its obligations under SMCRA remain available to the Agency. The resolution represents a major setback for many communities affected by coal mining that had participated in an extensive 8-year rulemaking proc-ess. But it does not limit OSMRE’s ability or obligation to implement SMCRA’s statutory requirements fully, including but not limited to regula-tions that define material damage to the hydrologic balance outside the per-mit area; give effect to the SMCRA’s prohibitions against material damage to the hydrologic balance outside the permit area; prohibit harmful mining activity within a certain perimeter, in-cluding the stream buffer zone as under the 1983 regulations; require permitting decisions to be based on full and com-plete information; ensure protections 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.006 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES632 February 2, 2017 
for fish and wildlife; and guarantee that adequate financial assurances are put into place to provide for full and complete reclamation. I expect any Secretary of the Interior to follow the law and fully implement the ongoing obligations under SMCRA. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 43 Leg.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—1 
Sessions 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO EXECUTIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 14, J
EFFSESSIONS to be Attorney Gen-eral. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 53, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 44 Leg.] YEAS—53 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Carper Sessions 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of JEFFSESSIONS , of Alabama, to be Attorney General. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of J
EFFSESSIONS , of Alabama, to be Attorney General. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Jeff Flake, Steve Daines, James Lankford, Dan Sullivan, Thom Tillis, Rob Portman, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Deb Fischer, James M. Inhofe, Tim Scott, Lindsey Graham, Jerry Moran, Pat Roberts. f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 45 Ex.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.011 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S633 February 2, 2017 
Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Sessions 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO EXECUTIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 13, Thomas Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote: The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 46 Leg.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sessions 
The motion was agreed to. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. Mitch McConnell, David Perdue, Johnny Isakson, Tom Cotton, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Jerry Moran, Pat Rob-erts, Roy Blunt, Lamar Alexander, John Barrasso, Orrin G. Hatch, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, John Thune, Richard Burr. f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 47 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sessions 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO EXECUTIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 12, Steven Mnuchin to be Secretary of the Treas-ury. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 48 Leg.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.009 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES634 February 2, 2017 
Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sessions 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman, Orrin G. Hatch, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, Steve Daines, Tim Scott, John Hoeven, Michael B. Enzi, John Barrasso, John Thune, Mike Rounds, Mike Crapo, James M. Inhofe, Joni Ernst, Chuck Grassley. f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 49 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). The majority leader. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION— MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 41. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 41, a joint resolution providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Ex-traction Issuers.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 50 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (H.J. Res. 41) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 802(d)(2), there will now be up to 10 hours of debate, equally di-vided between the proponents and the opponents of the joint resolution. The Senator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the regulatory burden imposed by the SEC’s extractive re-source rulemaking and offer my sup-port for the resolution to disapprove it. I will take a few minutes to talk about the complicated history of this rule and then about the concerns with the way it was formulated. The SEC originally adopted the rule in 2012 and was challenged in court by the Chamber of Commerce and the American Petroleum Institute. In 2013, the U.S. district court threw out the regulation, contending, among other things, that the SEC misread the re-quirements of the statute. The SEC did not appeal the decision, acknowledging that it needed to rewrite the rule. The SEC’s proposed timetable for a new rule was delayed several times, and in 2014, Oxfam America sued to compel the SEC to move forward on a new rulemaking. The court ordered the SEC to file an expedited schedule and, as a result, a new rule was proposed in 2015 and finalized last year. As one can see, this rule and its var-ious iterations have been fraught with controversy for many years. Advocates of the rule have said that it will com-bat corruption in resource-rich na-tions. The SEC’s final rule raised doubts about this. The final rule stated several things, including: The direct causal relationship between increased transparency in the extractive indus-try and social benefits is ‘‘inconclu-sive.’’ In fact, it noted that ‘‘research and data available at this time does not allow us to draw any firm conclu-sions.’’ Unlike the potential benefits, though, the costs are reasonably cer-tain. The SEC estimated up to $700 million in initial costs and up to $590 million in ongoing annual costs. Put another way, each company would endure between $560,000 and $1.6 million in initial costs, and between $224,000 and $1.3 million in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.013 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S635 February 2, 2017 
additional costs each year. We cannot view these costs as affecting only the largest companies, but must consider the plight of the smaller ones. Just under half of all companies cov-ered by this rule are considered smaller companies, and they would be dis-proportionately impacted by millions of dollars in fixed costs—money that could be better spent on jobs and growth. Finally, the President’s statement of administration policy also endorses this resolution. Some of the reasons it highlights include: 
In some cases, the rule would require com-panies to disclose information that the host nation of their project prohibits from disclo-sure or is commercially sensitive. The rule would impose unreasonable com-pliance costs on American energy companies that are not justified by quantifiable bene-fits. Moreover, American businesses could face a competitive disadvantage in cases where their foreign competitors are not subject to similar rules. 
I have repeatedly stressed the need for the U.S. financial system and mar-kets to remain the preferred destina-tion for investors throughout the world, and this rule harms this status. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and to preserve the integ-rity of our securities laws and capital markets. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to at this time enter into a col-loquy with my colleague from Georgia, Senator I
SAKSON . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President and chairman of the Banking Committee, I appreciate the time and the recogni-tion. As the chairman knows, I am a member of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee and a former chairman of the African Subcommittee, and I have traveled to both of those continents for many years. I have seen resource-rich and poverty-poor countries where they have a natural resource investment and wealth, but they never reinvest in their people. I think transparency is important in seeing to it that the resources they re-ceive for selling those natural re-sources are made available to their people so that the resources go to the benefit of the people and not the gov-ernment. Are you also aware that I am not a big supporter of the Dodd-Frank disclo-sure bill, but I also have concerns that simply vacating the rule implementing the Lugar-Cardin amendment without providing for a replacement would cre-ate a setback for U.S. leadership in anti-corruption efforts around the world? Because of what we have done in transparency and anti-corruption, countries like the United Kingdom, the EU, Norway, and Canada have followed our lead, and I do not want to lose that. Therefore, I wish to ask the chairman of the Banking Committee a couple of questions to ease my fears about this question. First, I would like to direct a couple of questions to the chairman. It is my understanding that this joint resolu-tion does not—underscore not—repeal section 1504 of Dodd-Frank law; is that correct? Mr. CRAPO. Yes, that is correct. What this resolution does is to cause the current SEC rule to not take effect. As it was characterized yesterday on the House floor and will be character-ized further today on the Senate floor, what the SEC will need to do is to go back to the drawing board and come up with a better rule that complies with the law of the land. Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the chairman for that answer. I would like his commitment to work with me and other members of the cau-cus who are concerned and who want to be assured that the SEC will move for-ward with the implementation of this replacement provision as soon as pos-sible. Mr. CRAPO. I thank my colleague. I will work to ensure that the SEC im-plements all of its congressional man-dates. Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the Chair. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President— Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator from Ohio yield for a request? I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of the remarks of the Sen-ator from Ohio, I be recognized for up to 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. BROWN. Up to 5 minutes? Mr. GRASSLEY. OK, as long as I get to speak after this issue is over. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the resolution before us, which really ought to be titled the ‘‘Kleptocrat Relief Act.’’ My Republican colleagues today are trying to repeal a critical bipartisan rule initiated by Senator Lugar, a Re-publican from Indiana, and Senator C
ARDIN , a Democrat from Maryland. It is a critical bipartisan rule to prevent corruption. This transparency rule is part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. It is one of the best anti-corruption tools that President Trump now has to keep his promise to, in his words, ‘‘drain the swamp’’ in Washington and around the world. But now, in just week 2 of his Presi-dency, Republicans are racing to use an obscure law called the Congressional Review Act to wipe it out. The CRA was not intended to hand a new Presi-dent the power to roll back regulations that protect workers, protect the envi-ronment, protect investors, and protect consumers. In this case, Republicans are using the CRA to target rules that have gone through extensive years-long adminis-trative and public review, including on issues that agencies were specifically ordered by this Congress to study and address. Republicans’ unprecedented use of the CRA is not about Congress per-forming due diligence or agency over-sight, it is a gross abuse of power to make their big corporate allies happy. I heard my friend from Idaho talk about the Chamber of Commerce and the American Petroleum Institute. That is just a start. The rule they are trying to repeal protects U.S. citizens and investors from having millions of their dollars vanish into the pockets of corrupt for-eign oligarchs. It does that by requir-ing all oil, gas, and mineral companies listed on U.S. stock exchanges to dis-close the royalties and the bonuses and the fees and the taxes and other pay-ments they make to foreign govern-ments. This kind of transparency is essential to combating waste, fraud, corruption, and mismanagement, as Senator ISAK-
SONtalked about the poverty he sees in these resource-rich countries. Yet Rex Tillerson, whom this body just, I believe yesterday, confirmed with a pretty much partisan vote—Rex Tillerson and congressional Repub-licans want to strip it away. Rex Tillerson, in his years as CEO of ExxonMobil—and we will talk about that in a moment—strongly opposed this rule, almost by himself, with ExxonMobil as the head of that com-pany. At Mr. Tillerson’s confirmation hear-ing, Senator K
AINE from Virginia in-troduced into the record a 2008 report by Republican Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee staff. That report was the basis—Republican staff, I assume at the behest of Senator Lugar and others—that report was the basis for what eventually became section 1504 of Dodd-Frank, known as the bipartisan Cardin-Lugar amendment to fight cor-ruption in mineral-rich developing countries. That report concluded that many resource-rich countries are poor because their vast mineral resources often breed corruption. That corrup-tion lines the pockets of the kleptocrats—read ‘‘thieves’’—increases poverty, increases hunger, and in-creases instability. As Senator Lugar said: 
Paradoxically, history shows that rather than a blessing, energy reserves can be a bane for many poor countries, leading to fraud, corruption, wasteful spending, mili-tary adventurism and instability. Too often, oil money that should go to a nation’s poor ends up in the pockets of the rich or is squandered on the trappings of power and massive showcase projects instead of being invested productively and equitably. 
That is called the resource curse. It prevails all over the world today. For example, oil-rich Venezuela is running out of food and medicine. Resource- rich Nigeria is in an economic mess wracked by terrorism and poverty. Armed groups have fought for years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.048 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES636 February 2, 2017 
over mineral wealth in the Congo and elsewhere in Africa. Resource-rich countries in Asia have similar problems. The natural resource sector in so many countries is fa-mously corrupt—the world’s single most corrupt industry, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-op-eration and Development. But oil com-panies can no longer hide behind the excuse of confidentiality. Increasingly, companies are expected to disclose what they pay in taxes and other pay-ments to governments whose natural resources they extract. That is what this language from Senator Lugar, Senator C
ARDIN , and Senator L EAHY  did. That is what the rule does. That is what we should do. This Congress wants to undo that. This is now re-quired under the laws of the United States and 30 other countries, as well as international initiatives. In other words, what we did here was followed by 30 other countries, and a number of more responsible energy companies, I would say, passed this language and began to implement these laws. The Extractive Industries Trans-parency Initiative is a global standard that aims to put information about government revenues from natural re-source deals into the public domain in 51 countries, including ours. This in-cludes telling us what taxes the compa-nies pay, which is key to ensuring citi-zens know what benefits they get— from Venezuela or Nigeria or Congo— from their own natural resources. Let me offer some concrete examples of the kind of corruption we are talk-ing about. This just turns your stom-ach. In Equatorial Guinea, according to anti-corruption groups, oil companies, including Exxon, have had a long his-tory of problems on this front. The re-gime of President-for-life Obiang, who executed his brutal uncle to gain power almost 40 years ago, has been tarnished with allegations of corruption, cro-nyism, brutal political repression, rou-tine human rights violations, and drug trafficking for years and years. Years ago, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations re-leased a report and held a public hear-ing which revealed that a number of oil companies—again, ExxonMobil; they keep coming up in this—were making direct payments into an account in the name of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea located at Riggs Bank in Wash-ington, DC. Virtually all of the money in the account, tens of millions of dol-lars, consisted of royalties and other payments from oil companies, pri-marily—surprise—ExxonMobil, to the country of Equatorial Guinea for the right to explore and produce oil in that country. But instead of paying the money to the government or the na-tional treasury of Equatorial Guinea, the companies sent the money to the account at Riggs Bank. That account was controlled by President-for-life Obiang and two of his relatives. The ac-count signatories were the President- for-life, his son, and his nephew. Imag-ine that. Instead of paying the national treasury, the oil companies made pay-ments into this account in another country, controlled by a dictator and his relatives. I can’t believe we in this body support that. How could the citi-zens of Equatorial Guinea know how much royalty money was coming in for their oil in their country and where it was going when it was in a secret ac-count controlled by a dictator? The an-swer, obviously, is they couldn’t. The report from the PSI—the com-mittee that investigated—documented that some of the funds from that ac-count were used to make suspicious transactions. The United States then investigated the President-for-life’s family finances. Prosecutors noted that President-for-life Obiang’s son ‘‘received an official government sal-ary of less than $100,000 a year but used his position and influence as a govern-ment minister to amass more than $300 million worth of assets through corrup-tion and money laundering.’’ He paid himself $100,000 but found a way to amass $300 million more—all in viola-tion of the laws of his country and our country both. In 2014, the son settled a case brought by Federal prosecutors. He agreed to sell his $30 million mansion in Malibu, his Ferrari, and various items of Mi-chael Jackson memorabilia he had col-lected. The New York Times reported earlier this month that he is still working to delay his trial on corruption charges in France, where prosecutors say he amassed a personal fortune of $115 mil-lion, which he used to indulge his tastes. When he served as Agriculture Min-ister of Equatorial Guinea, prosecutors say he used his influence over the tim-ber industry—next to oil, the most im-portant export industry in the coun-try—to line his pockets. Last November, prosecutors in Swit-zerland seized luxury cars belonging to him, and last month, at the request of the Swiss, the Dutch authorities seized his 250-foot, $100 million yacht named the ‘‘Ebony Shine’’ as it was about to sail to Equatorial Guinea. He said the yacht belonged to his country’s govern-ment. All the while, his people are starving. You can’t make this stuff up. If the bill before us were adopted, the Obiang family would be celebrating. They would be celebrating in Washington, in California, and in Equatorial Guinea. In Nigeria, again according to Global Witness, a major oil deal struck by— surprise—ExxonMobil with the Nige-rian Government is being investigated by Nigeria’s Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, a law enforcement agency that investigates high-level corruption. The probe centers on a pro-tracted and controversial deal agreed to by ExxonMobil and the Nigerian Government in 2009 to renew three lu-crative oil licenses, which at the time accounted for around a quarter of Nige-ria’s entire oil production. ExxonMobil agreed to pay $600 mil-lion to renew the licenses and con-struct a powerplant at a cost of $900 million to the company, making a total contribution of $1.5 billion. Yet documents suggest that the Nigerian Government may have valued the li-censes at $2.5 billion and that the Chi-nese oil company CNOOC offered to pay $3.7 billion for the same licenses—over six times the amount reportedly paid by ExxonMobil. Other incredible and notorious exam-ples abound. It would be reason enough for us to act to try to help the millions of people around the world who are vic-tims of this corporate collusion, but in today’s world, the resource curse doesn’t just impact far-off countries; it affects Americans every day. It has em-powered anti-American dictators in Iraq, Libya, and Syria, situations which cost American lives and Amer-ican taxpayer dollars. It worsens global poverty, which can be a seedbed and a fertile growing ground for terrorism against us and our allies. It leads to the instability that threatens global oil supplies. It raises gas prices at home. That is why we need this rule—all of the above—to protect American na-tional security interests by combating the corruption and secrecy, with all these oil companies at the table with them. That has caused conflict, insta-bility, and violent extremist move-ments in Africa and the Middle East. As ISIS has demonstrated, nonstate ac-tors benefit from trading natural re-sources in order to finance their ter-rorist operations. Despite all this, the Republican-led House of Representatives, as Senator C
RAPO said, voted yesterday to repeal this bipartisan initiative—an initiative that holds Big Oil accountable and pro-tects the American people. Today, the Senate Republican leadership is fol-lowing suit. It is a little ironic in light of the fact that Candidate Trump, at almost every rally in my State, almost every rally in State after State after State where he was campaigning, talked about draining the swamp. Since the rule’s creation, ExxonMobil, led by Mr. Tillerson—now the Secretary of State—and Big Oil al-lies, such as the American Petroleum Institute, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, and the Heritage Foundation, have fought to kill it. Who else opposes this rule besides Senate Republicans, House Repub-licans, and President Trump? There are the autocrats in Russia. We know about the connections between Russia and the Secretary of State. We don’t know quite enough about the connec-tions between our President and Presi-dent Putin because we can’t get the President’s tax returns. We know something is going on. Everybody knows it. Nobody knows quite what. Who else opposes it? Autocrats in Iran, where Advisor Flynn made some interesting and provocative comments today, autocrats in Venezuela, auto-crats in Africa with oil wells, gasfields, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.049 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S637 February 2, 2017 
or copper mines who want to keep their payments a secret. It is working for them. It is working for the autocrats. It is working for Exxon. Apparently it is working for Republicans in the House and Senate too. I am not sure exactly how, but I know it is working. More than 30 countries—mostly the United States, Canada, and European nations—have adopted similar anti- corruption standards. Senator Lugar, Senator L
EAHY , and Senator C ARDIN ’s law passed as part of Dodd-Frank, and the SEC is adopting this rule. More than 30 other countries in the world followed our lead, and some of the more responsible oil companies were prepared to comply. So to be clear, with Europe and Canada in the same disclosure system, the playing field is now level. It is working. Many companies already report such payments under European rules and are doing just fine, so this is hardly causing them undue burdens in the reg-ulatory framework that my colleagues like to talk about. That is why many in industry support the rule, despite the actions of Exxon, the bad actor here, and the CEO of Exxon—now, amazingly, our Secretary of State. BP and Shell—two major, large oil companies—have publicly endorsed payment reporting and lining up U.S. rules with those in other markets. For-eign and state-owned oil companies from China and Brazil, including CNOOC, PetroChina, Sinopec, and Bra-zil’s Petrobras, are required to disclose under U.S. rules, leveling the playing field for U.S. companies. Gazprom, Rosneft, BP, and Shell already report under UK rules. The largest mining companies in the world, including Newmont Mining, BHP Billiton, and Rio Tinto, have supported similar re-porting. Oil, gas, and mining workers unions, such as United Steelworkers, back the rule. Notice who doesn’t back the rule: Exxon, the American Petroleum Insti-tute, and autocrats in Iran, Russia, and Venezuela. Investors also support it—including investor groups with $10 trillion under management—so they can better un-derstand and manage the reputational, expropriation, sanction, and other risks facing firms in which they invest. It is supported by the American Catho-lic bishops, the Presbyterian Church— all kinds of religious groups. Who is against it? Republicans in the House, Republicans in the Senate, the President of the United States, ExxonMobil, the Secretary of State, who used to be CEO of ExxonMobil, and autocrats in Iran and Venezuela. We get the picture. All these groups who care about jus-tice, who care about fair play, who care about doing business with predictable and fair rules, like BP and Shell, all of them support it—Global Witness, the ONE Campaign, Oxfam, and Publish What You Pay. We need to be clear on one other thing my friend from Idaho said: This rule won’t cost a single American job. Everything oil companies can legally do today is still allowed under the anti- corruption rule. They only have to do one more thing: They have to report their numbers to the Securities and Exchange Commission. How can that cost millions of dollars? The Cardin-Lugar rule makes Big Business and government more trans-parent, fights corruption, and does it all without hurting taxpayers. It is a creative approach to global problems that our leaders did embrace until we had a President who wants to ‘‘drain the swamp,’’ he says—should be em-bracing, not rejecting at the behest of just a few actors. Again, who is lobbying to overturn this rule? It is autocrats around the world. It is Exxon. It is the American Petroleum Institute. It is a very small number of companies, when so many people are on the other side. If we repeal this measure today, shareholders, investors, and poor com-munities around the world will con-tinue to see their money and natural resources stolen by crooked oligarchs. We will be undoing the moral leader-ship. This is in so many ways a moral question that Senator C
ARDIN , Senator Lugar, and Senator L
EAHY brought to us bipartisanly, with broad support by both parties. We will be turning a blind eye to corruption, we will be betraying our principles, and we will be undercut-ting our allies in Europe and Canada who followed our lead and crafted their own rules based on ours. Under the terms of the Congressional Review Act, any future ‘‘substantially similar’’ rule will be forever prohibited from being written by the SEC. That makes no sense. I hope this effort fails. I know my Re-publican colleagues understand this be-cause enough of my colleagues recog-nize the merits of this anti-corruption measure and they refuse to kowtow to the dinosaur wing of Big Oil. It is not even all of Big Oil; it is the dinosaur wing of Big oil. It is the autocrats. It is the American Petroleum Institute. It is the Chamber of Commerce. It is ExxonMobil. I thank Senator C
ARDIN and Senator L
EAHY for their work, and I thank former Senator Lugar from Indiana for the important work he did on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I know that President Obama is gone now, but his War on Fossil Fuels is alive and well. However, they are not winning that. Back in Oklahoma, they ask me the question sometimes: If all of the lib-erals are concerned and if they are all opposed to fossil fuels—and to nuclear, I might add; coal, oil, gas, and nu-clear—if coal, oil, gas, and nuclear are responsible for 89 percent of the power it takes to run this country, how do you run the country without those? Those are the kinds of questions we get. I appreciate and—I know it is a very popular statement that was made by my friend from Ohio; unfortunately, it has nothing to do with the issues we are looking at right now. Back during the time Dodd-Frank was considered, it was dealing with banks and financial institutions. It had nothing to do with energy. Yet section 1504 was put in there. Part of section 1504 required that information be pro-vided during the course of a competi-tive situation for some kind of a project. I will give you an example. We have a private sector in our oil and gas. For China, that is a government project. If we are competing with them—let’s say for some cause that is in Tanzania or someplace—they said, so that there is a safeguard and there can’t be corrup-tion, so that if we should win—I say ‘‘we,’’ but I am talking about the pri-vate sector in the United States of America—then they have to report the information to the SEC, which in turn makes it published. Their intent was not to have to break down everything that was in that offer. It is the bottom line. What is the total cost that goes to these countries? What are the total costs? That is all they care about be-cause if that money went to Tan-zania—and there are some corrupt offi-cials there and they might steal some of the money, but to keep that from happening, we want to report what the cost was in the winning party. You don’t have to have all that informa-tion. In fact, in 2013, the court struck this down because they said that was not the intent. The intent was to have the total figure, so they said, even sug-gested—and our intent at that time was to vacate that, as the court did va-cate that rule and send it back and have the SEC redo it in such a way that it would affect only the amount of money that would go that might cause some corruption at some time. That is what it was all about. Unfortunately, they put together another one that was very similar and required a lot of infor-mation that was not necessary. I would like to correct something on the CRA that the Senator from Ohio said. The CRA is there because when an unelected bureaucrat comes out with some kind of an unreasonable rule that is very costly to the people of this country and it is done by someone who is not an elected official, the elected official says: Look at this. Wait a minute. This is something that people are complaining about when I go home. They love that because they can say: This wasn’t me. This wasn’t me. This was an unelected bureaucrat that put these rules in. What a CRA does is make us in the House and in the Senate more account-able because we have to then stand up and vote on something, saying that we endorse this rule or we don’t endorse this rule. That is what it is all about. Anyway, we have an opportunity here to go ahead, and I am certainly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.051 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES638 February 2, 2017 
hoping that we will do this and change this rule so that it would make as a re-quirement nothing but the amount of money that is paid by the winning party in a situation where they are competing with each other. If that happens, then we will know how much money that was, and we will be able to go to the party and find out if they are stealing some of this money. Why is it necessary to have all of the components of competition when you have the private sector in the United States of America competing with countries like China where it is a government-owned institution? That is all this is about. All we want to do is to be able say we want to re-port so that the public knows how much the total bid or, in this case, the total amount was, not all the compo-nents that went into the calculation of that. That is all it is about. My time has expired. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to lay out the schedule for every-one. I know they are interested in knowing the way forward. I have dis-cussed with the Democratic leader where we go from here. The Senate is going to debate the pending joint resolution tonight for as long as there is interest in debate. To-morrow the Senate will convene at 6:30 a.m. and immediately proceed to two rollcall votes: passage of the joint reso-lution of disapproval and cloture on the nomination of Betsy DeVos. Restating that, debate tonight as long as our friends on the other side would like to debate, and tomorrow we will convene at 6:30 a.m. and imme-diately turn to two rollcall votes: pas-sage of the joint resolution of dis-approval and cloture on the nomina-tion of Betsy DeVos. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, has the distinguished majority leader finished? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Yes. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Repub-licans in both Chambers have intro-duced a resolution to permit oil, gas, and mining companies to continue making secret payments—involving billions of dollars—to corrupt foreign governments in exchange for access to their countries’ natural resources. This resolution would overturn legis-lation on which I worked closely with former Republican Senator Richard Lugar and Senator C
ARDIN and was in-cluded as section 1504 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act to provide great-er transparency when such payments are made and help better inform inves-tors and combat massive corruption in the process. One would think that everyone here would support a commonsense rule that will protect investors and make it a lot harder to get away with the theft of billions of dollars in public funds in some of the poorest countries of the world. But apparently, that is not a concern, at least not to the sponsors of this resolution or those who intend to support its passage. Some Republicans and their friends in the oil and gas industry say this rule creates unacceptable burdens. That is utterly without merit, as I will explain in a moment. But even assuming there were a grain of truth to that, rather than proposing to amend the underlying legislation, which would require bipartisan sup-port, this resolution is being advanced under the Congressional Review Act, to enable a simple majority vote to com-pletely dismantle the rule with min-imum debate. Keep in mind that the rule is simply the product of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, imple-menting bipartisan congressional in-tent and would not take effect until the end of 2018. Despite what some have claimed, the SEC has not twisted the statute in any way when they devel-oped this rule. But if this rule is over-turned, the SEC will be prevented from issuing any substantially similar rule, potentially in our lifetimes. In other words, what we are doing here is, for all practical purposes, the death knell for global efforts—involv-ing most of our closest allies—to com-bat massive corruption resulting from the extraction of natural resources and help investors assess risk in the often murky and unstable oil, gas, and min-ing sectors. This is an issue on which the United States, until now, has been a global leader. I mention this because the sponsors of this resolution have said that they support the goals of this rule, and all they want to do after overturning it is make some minor adjustments to it. That is the epitome of disingenuous. The rule does not take effect until the end of 2018. If that was what they real-ly wanted to do, they would propose an amendment, and we could discuss it. Their real purpose, even if they are re-luctant to say so, is to prevent disclo-sure. This rule has two primary purposes. First, it is to protect investors. Inves-tors whose combined net worth exceeds $10 trillion, support this rule and its equivalency with the rules adopted by some 30 other governments. And sec-ond, to protect the public. The practical effect of overturning this rule is that U.S. and foreign com-panies will be able to continue to make secret payments to corrupt foreign autocrats like Vladimir Putin and kleptocracies in Africa like the govern-ments of Angola and Equatorial Guin-ea. By doing so, these companies will be aiding and abetting those kleptocrats when they pocket the pro-ceeds for their personal use. We have seen this for years. The people of those countries barely survive on $1 or $2 per day, while their leaders drive Mer-cedes, fly private jets to vacation homes on the French Riviera or in Santa Monica, and pay off the armed forces to keep themselves in power. And where does the money come from that pays for that grotesque flaunting of wealth? From the royal-ties paid by U.S. and other foreign companies. Do we really want to be complicit in that kind of thievery and immorality by shielding it from public scrutiny? Do we really think that the American people want to be tarred with it indi-rectly through the shady activities of American companies? Do we really want to hide important information from investors who are trying to assess risk in the companies they invest in? Of course not. Anyone who reads this rule and pays the slightest attention to the esti-mated $1 trillion lost to crime, corrup-tion, and tax evasion in these countries and the millions of deaths attributed to corrupt practices where these ex-tractive companies operate will recog-nize the fallacy of the baseless attacks by those who oppose it. The sponsors of this resolution claim that this rule puts American busi-nesses at a competitive disadvantage. What are they talking about? The rule applies to both U.S. and foreign compa-nies and complements existing laws elsewhere in the world. In fact, Chinese state-owned companies, like PetroChina and Sinopect, are covered by the U.S. law. Great Britain, the EU, Canada, and Norway are just four ex-amples of governments that have adopted similar rules, with Russian state-owned companies like Rosneft and Gazprom covered in the U.K. I challenge the sponsors of this legis-lation to provide any objective facts to support the argument that U.S. compa-nies are disadvantaged by this rule. That is a pernicious myth. The sponsors have also repeated the self-serving claims of the petroleum in-dustry that complying with this rule would unacceptably increase their cost of doing business. While that has be-come the predictable complaint of the business community whenever such a rule is promulgated, in this instance, they base it on an outdated and dis-credited analysis. The irony is that, even if one were to agree with their most farfetched, worst-case scenario, it pales compared to their immense prof-its. If we overturn our rule, what pre-vents others from doing the same? And then we are right back where we start-ed. Once again, we will have paved the way for secret payments and billions of dollars stolen from the public treas-uries and squirreled away in Swiss bank accounts by the Robert Mugabes of the world. There is another aspect to this that no one has talked about, and that is the connection between corruption and terrorism, particularly in Africa. Ter-rorist groups flourish where govern-ment corruption contributes to incom-petent, corrupt military forces. Terror-ists benefit when revenues from these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.052 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S639 February 2, 2017 
activities are kept in the dark, ena-bling them to radicalize and recruit an impoverished and resentful population. By overturning this rule, Senators should know that violent extremists, terrorists, and other criminal enter-prises will be among the beneficiaries. Corruption is among the most corro-sive forces that breed instability and violence, and then countries like ours end up trying to feed and shelter the innocent people who bear the brunt of it. It not only wreaks havoc on the peo-ple of those countries; it hurts Amer-ican companies trying to do business there, and it hurts Americans who in-vest in these risky companies. If the norm is nondisclosure, then bribery be-comes an unavoidable and accepted way of doing business. That is what companies from coun-tries like Russia and China that com-pete with American companies would prefer because corruption is what they are best at. But this rule requires those foreign companies and others to simi-larly disclose their profits. Are the sponsors of this resolution even aware of this? This rule will enhance U.S. competitiveness. This rule protects in-vestors and the public. When it was first passed, section 1504 put the United States at the forefront of transparency and government ac-countability efforts. And as I have al-ready said, that leadership paid off. Other countries have followed our ex-ample. This resolution will jettison a decade of work here and abroad. There is no excuse for it. There is no need for it. If there are legitimate concerns about section 1504, then let’s talk about ways to amend it and improve it. But let’s not, by overturning this rule, tell the world that we don’t be-lieve in transparency and good govern-ance, that we will turn our backs on the theft and misuse of payments made by U.S. companies, that we do not care about the people of those countries who suffer the consequences, and that we do not care about American inves-tors who deserve this critical informa-tion so they can have confidence in the companies they invest their hard- earned money in. This resolution is an affront to the values and to the citi-zens of our great and good Nation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me thank Senator L
EAHY for his com-ments. Ten years ago, I was privileged to be elected by the people of Maryland to represent them in the U.S. Senate. I came to the Senate with Senator B
ROWN at that time. It was our first year. Senator B
ROWN had the oppor-tunity to serve on the Banking Com-mittee. I had the opportunity to serve on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. Today I hold the position on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee that Senator Lugar held when I first went on the committee; that is, the ranking member of the committee. I remember one of the very first hearings we had in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on resource, curse or blessing. It was a matter of concern to every single member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Democrats and Republicans. We saw the faces of people from nations in Af-rica who had a resource wealth, but they had the resource curse. The people were living in horrible poverty. Yet the country had mineral wealth—gas and oil—that was being exploited but not for the benefit of the people. It was being used to obtain income for their leaders to funnel corrupt practices. Senator Lugar, in October of 2008, au-thored a committee report of the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee enti-tled ‘‘The Petroleum And Poverty Par-adox: Assessing U.S. And International Community Efforts To Fight The Re-source Curse.’’ We went through the regular legisla-tive process as to how we could deal with the circumstance that we knew the United States must exercise leader-ship. As Senator BROWN has pointed out the whole history and the impor-tance of it—and all of the details—I just want to fill in some of the details as to how this came about because we were looking for a way in which we could turn the wealth of a nation to its people and cut off the corruption that it funded. The corruption was not just the obscenity of wealth being used by their leaders—as Senator B
ROWN point-ed out in Equatorial Guinea—it was also the fact that this wealth that was coming to these leaders was also being used for criminal activities, to finance illegal drug activities and to finance terrorism. I take issue with my friend from Oklahoma and his comments. There has never been an effort in this legisla-tion to affect the supply of any source of energy here or anywhere around the world. That is being done. The question is, Where does the money go that is being used to exploit these resources? Do they go to the people of the country where the resource is located or do they go for corruption? That is what we attempted to do—Senator Lugar and I and others. I thank Senators L
EAHY and D URBIN , who was on the floor earlier and was one of our early leaders, Senators M
ENENDEZ and W
ICKER . We did this not only in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at the time I was chairman of the Sen-ate U.S. Helsinki Commission—the Helsinki Commission, and Senator W
ICKER was helping, we worked in that organization to see how we could deal with transparency and how the Amer-ican leadership could help the inter-national effort to end the resource curse. As a result, legislation was au-thored and introduced in order to try to deal with this issue. Senator Lugar and I authored a bill, a bill that said we want to know where the money is going so we can track the money. We wanted to be able, for the people of that nation, to say: We know money is coming in now. Our leaders show us where the money is going. That legislation was introduced. It was debated. It became part of the Dodd-Frank law. Quite frankly, it was supported in a rather bipartisan way, and it became law. Ever since its en-actment, it has been fought by the American Petroleum Institute. I am not sure why because today other countries have adopted similar stand-ards. This information is readily avail-able as far as the way it is compiled by companies. Many oil and mineral com-panies today are supplying this infor-mation with no complaints, no prob-lems, but it was fought. Tonight we are debating the use of the Congressional Review Act. It was pointed out earlier tonight that before today, it only had been used once since its 1996 enactment. The reason is be-cause it is a sledgehammer approach to dealing with issues that should be dealt with by a scalpel, but here is the real abuse. We are using the Congressional Review Act—which is supposed to be used when an agency goes rogue, when they start to do things that were never intended by Congress, were never au-thorized by Congress. Section 1504 was passed by Congress, and it has taken the SEC almost a decade to get the rules out. And we are saying they abused their power? Maybe they abused their power by delay, but they cer-tainly haven’t abused their power with what they have come forward with. They are carrying out congressional mandate as they should. It was never the intent of the CRA to be used for this type of a process. So I just urge my colleagues to recognize that this is not the right way we should be pro-ceeding. In September 2009, with Senator Lugar’s help, I introduced legislation. It was bipartisan. Senators MERKLEY , W
ICKER , S CHUMER , L EAHY , D URBIN , F
EINSTEIN , M ENENDEZ , and others joined in that effort. The SEC was di-rected to develop rules on oil, gas, and mining companies as to how the disclo-sures could be made on the U.S. stock exchange so they could disclose their rights and payments made to foreign governments. That is what we man-dated. Why do we want to know that? Because these royalties and payments were basically bribes to government leaders because it never went to the people. It was in the U.S. interest, not only because of how those funds were used against our principles and not only did it finance illegal activities, but it could have been a source for sta-ble governments, which was important for U.S. interests that we have stable governments. It helps us in our foreign policy and national security. It also gives us a stable source of oil, gas, and minerals. Investors have the right to know. They have the right to know in what countries their companies are in-vesting their stockholder investments. It was a reasonable request by Con-gress. One of my colleagues indicated that it was held to be inappropriate by our courts. That was on a process issue. It was not on a substantive issue. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES640 February 2, 2017 
was corrected. A new rule has come out, and now we are using a CRA in order to block it. The rule, as it is cur-rently worded, provides for a reason-able period for enforcement. So it is not even going into effect immediately because we are allowing the companies to have ample time in order to comply with the rule. I just want to make this point. It cre-ates a level playing field. It does not put American companies at a disadvan-tage. This is a level playing field. Thir-ty countries already require this. The EU requires this. Canada requires this. Do you want to know why they did it? Because the United States led. We passed the law. I met with the Euro-peans. I met with the Canadians. They said: This is a good bill. You are our leaders. You are doing it. We are going to do it also so they did it. It is in ef-fect in these countries. Oil companies and mineral companies have complied with it. They are fine. Guess what. It wasn’t difficult. Shell, BP, France’s Total, Russian’s Rosneft, Lukoil, Gazprom—their huge giant—all have reported. It has not caused any com-petitive problems. They are not losing any proprietary rights, as has been suggested. There has been no harm done. When I listen to the cost-benefit analysis and listen to our distinguished chairman talk about the data is not really available, the reason the data is not available is because we don’t have disclosure. If we get the information, then we will be able to tell exactly how we can deal with the problems in Ghana or Nigeria or in Equatorial Guinea or problems in so many coun-tries where the people are hurting with some of the worst poverty rates in the world. We will be able to find that in-formation out, but if we don’t know what is being paid by U.S. companies, how do you do a cost-benefit analysis? I don’t know how you could possibly do it. I heard the numbers, the cost of com-pliance, and I would challenge that. I would challenge the cost of compliance numbers because this information is al-ready available. Companies know where their money is going. It is a nor-mal business issue. I heard it is going to cost hundreds of millions of dollars of contracts. I don’t want to minimize the cost, but as a percentage of the business they are doing, it is minor. The benefit we get if the money can go to the people and deal with these hor-rible conditions that we see in these re-source-wealthy countries, then it is certainly worth the effort. That is part of our effort in dealing with other countries, to try to lift up the standard of living in so many of these countries. So when we look at, again, what is at stake—what is at stake? And that is to allow the wealth of a country to go to its people for its stability. I have heard my colleagues say: Well, we are not against this. The law is still there. All we are talking about is this regulation. Once we pass this CRA, we are going to go back to work with the SEC and bring in a new rule. Do you really be-lieve that? Do you really believe that if we pass this CRA, that we are going to see a new rule come out of the SEC? It has taken us 9 years to get to where we are right now. Do you really believe that with the law saying that the SEC cannot bring out a rule that is substan-tially the same in form, unless author-ized by a subsequent law of Congress— do you really believe that will not be challenged in the courts with lengthy litigation before we will ever see an-other rule take effect? Let us be clear about this. I am going to continue to do everything I can to make sure that the people of these na-tions get the wealth of their country. I am going to do everything I can. I am going to work with all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I really do believe in the sincerity of my col-leagues, that they believe in this trans-parency. It is going to be tested. I am going to come back and see where we can make sure that 1504 is enforced be-cause if I heard my chairman—and I re-spect him greatly, we work on a lot of issues together—when the chairman says that he is going to make sure the SEC complies with all congressional mandates—this is a congressional man-date—and it is our responsibility to make sure the SEC complies with Sec-tion 1504. If our colleagues pass this CRA—and I hope you don’t—it is our responsibility to make sure the SEC complies with 1504. I am going to be here urging in every way I can to make sure that happens. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the statement from Publish What You Pay, which talks about a lot of the different aspects and myths that have been said, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
PUBLISH WHATYOUPAYUNITED STATES  
MYTH BUSTING : THE TRUTH ABOUT THE CARDIN - 
LUGAR ANTI -CORRUPTION PROVISION  The Cardin-Lugar Provision requires US- listed oil, gas and mining companies to pub-licly disclose the project-level payments they made to the U.S. and foreign govern-ments for the extraction of oil, gas and min-erals. The Cardin-Lugar provision is a landmark piece of bipartisan legislation. The final anticorruption rule implementing the Cardin-Lugar provision passed by the SEC in June 2016 significantly advances inter-national efforts to curb corruption and has been applauded by investors, companies and governments around the world. However, a great deal of misinformation has been spread about the rule. Below you will find evidence correcting the most glaring inaccuracies put forward. But before getting into the myths, here are some hard facts. Research concludes that increased trans-parency resulting from the disclosures re-quired by the Cardin-Lugar Rule could lower the cost of capital for covered companies by $6.3 billion to $12.6 billion. The international norm of resource sector payment transparency, built on strong American leadership, is estimated to have increased predicted global GDP by $1.1 tril-lion. Investors representing nearly $10 trillion in assets under management support of the Cardin-Lugar Rule. Between 2011–2014 conflict linked to cor-ruption in Libya led to five U.S.-listed com-panies missing out on an estimated $17.4 bil-lion due to production disruptions. Myth 1: Compliance costs for disclosure could reach as high as $591 million per year. Facts: The only comprehensive cost anal-ysis submitted to the SEC concluded that the total aggregate compliance cost to in-dustry in the first year would amount to $181M and would not exceed $74 million per annum in subsequent years. The $591 million number comes from an outdated SEC estimate from the 2012 version of the final rule. The reason the number is so high is because API claimed that there were countries that prohibited disclosure and if companies were forced to disclose they would have to hold a ‘fire-sale’ of all of their assets in that country—this number comes from the assumption that every company would lose their assets in these countries where disclosure was supposedly prohibited. It is (1) disingenuous to quote this cost esti-mate from the 2012 regulation, instead of quoting form the 2016 regulation, and (2) ir-relevant because the SEC now allows for companies to apply for an exemption if they believe disclosure is prohibited in a country, therefore the above estimate is wildly inac-curate. Myth 2: U.S. companies are at a competi-tive disadvantage because non-U.S. compa-nies do not have to make the same disclo-sures, and the rule applies only to public companies. Facts: The U.S. law covers all oil, gas and mining companies listed on U.S. stock ex-changes not simply companies based in the United States. Thus, the rule covers all com-panies filing an annual report with the SEC both foreign and domestic. This includes for-eign oil majors BP, Shell, and Total as well as leading state-owned oil companies from China and Brazil, such as PetroChina and Petrobras. But a significant number of for-eign companies are already required to make the same type of disclosures under the rules in other jurisdictions. Since the passage of Cardin-Lugar in 2010, important U.S. allies have followed our lead-ership in payment transparency and now 30 countries have adopted their own mandatory disclosure rules for companies listed on their stock exchanges. And while in many ways, the Canadian and EU requirements are more stringent (and also cover private companies), the laws in all jurisdictions have been deemed equivalent by the SEC. Companies are allowed to submit the same reports in all jurisdictions. These laws already cover the vast majority of companies that compete with American firms including Russia’s state-owned companies, Gazprom and Rosneft which are required to report in the UK. Myth 3: The SEC rule is burdensome. Facts: The Cardin-Lugar Provision is a re-porting requirement, which is not onerous and does not limit the operations of oil, gas, and mining companies; the rule simply re-quires companies to publicly report pay-ments that companies would track in the normal course of doing business The rule is a straightforward requirement to make that data transparent and usable by investors and citizens. Leading global oil and mining ma-jors such as Shell, BP and Total, along with Russian state-owned companies, are entering their second year of reporting under EU rules without any negative impact or re-ported issue. In fact, many major companies have publicly endorsed this type of reporting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.054 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S641 February 2, 2017 
and have called on the U.S. to ensure our rules are harmonized with those other mar-kets. Myth 4: The rule requires companies to dis-close proprietary information that could help foreign competitors. Facts: The SEC rule requires companies to disclose payment information; it does not mandate the disclosure of proprietary, con-fidential or commercially sensitive informa-tion by companies. Numerous companies are already reporting under the similar rules in other markets, such as Shell and BP, and none have reported any competitive harm from payment transparency. However, the SEC’s rule nonetheless contains safeguards. To the extent a company legitimately be-lieves that disclosure will risk exposing pro-prietary information, they can apply to the SEC for exemptive relief on a case-by-case basis. Furthermore, a competitor cannot use pay-ment data to ‘‘reverse engineer’’ a com-pany’s return on investment or the contract terms of a specific project. Complex factors such as access to technology and finance de-termine a company’s success in winning bids with host governments—not transparency of payments. Extractive companies that are covered by payment disclosure requirements in other jurisdictions have continued to win bids. Myth 5: This rule was not properly vetted by Congress. Facts: The Cardin-Lugar Amendment en-joyed bipartisan support and was subject to extensive review in both the House and Sen-ate, and it was unanimously supported in conference. It is based on underlying legisla-tion with a long Congressional history that was the subject of multiple hearings in both the House and Senate. In fact, the first pre-cursor was a Republican House resolution on oil and mining transparency from 2006. For this reason, propositions to repeal the rule signify an inappropriate use of the CRA. The intent of the CRA is to address midnight rules, not rules like 1504 that have undergone years of extensive regulatory development. Myth 6: The SEC rule will cause companies to lose out on foreign contracts. Facts: Opponents of the Cardin-Lugar anti- corruption provision have claimed that com-panies could be placing themselves at odds with legal or contractual prohibitions on re-porting in countries like Angola, China, Qatar, and Cameroon and may subsequently lose out on business in those countries due to the transparency rule. In the six years since this law was passed, no company has pro-duced evidence that any country prohibits this type of disclosure, and numerous sub-missions to the SEC have demonstrated no such prohibitions exist. The experience of companies already reporting under the par-allel disclosure rules in other countries like-wise confirms the absence of any prohibition on reporting; companies like BP and Shell have disclosed project-level payments made in Angola, China, and Qatar with no reper-cussions. Nor have these companies lost out on bids because of payment disclosure re-quirements. Nonetheless, the Cardin-Lugar provision contains safeguards to ensure that companies that face a legitimate problem can apply for an exemption from disclosure on a case by case basis. Myth 7: The Cardin-Lugar provision has nothing to do with the SEC or investors. Facts: It is important to note that the SEC extractives transparency rule is not a case of agency overreach. Congress specifically man-dated the SEC issue this rule in Section 1504 of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, and by issuing the 2016 rule the SEC complied with the will of Congress. Both Senator Cardin and Sen-ator Lugar, the original sponsors of the bill, along with Senators Leahy, Durbin, Brown, Warren, Baldwin, Markey, Coons, Shaheen, Whitehouse, Menendez and Merkley, ex-pressed explicit support for the SEC’s inter-pretation of Section 1504 during the rule-making process. The rule has significant benefits for inves-tors. Throughout the rulemaking process, in-vestors worth nearly $10 trillion of assets under management repeatedly emphasized their support for payment disclosures under the rule. The rule provides investors with critical information for assessing risk in the often murky and unstable oil, gas and min-ing sectors, with positive follow-on impacts for firms that benefit from increased inves-tor confidence and certainty. The increased transparency resulting from this provision has been estimated to lower the cost of cap-ital for covered U.S.-listed firms by $6.3 bil-lion to $12.6 billion. Myth 8: We don’t need Cardin-Lugar be-cause we have the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Facts: While the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) remains an important statutory tool critical to fighting global corruption, its scope is confined to bribery. Bribery is only one tool used to facilitate corruption. All too often, it is the legal payments made to governments that are misused, or si-phoned off to the bank accounts of a coun-try’s corrupt elites. However, the fact that companies are already subject to the FCPA does mean the burden of reporting payments to comply with the Cardin-Lugar rule is minimal; companies are already required to collect and track payment information as part of the books and records provision of the FCPA. In this way, the two laws work very well together in creating a strong regu-latory foundation to prevent corruption. Myth 9: This rule is the same as the one sent back to be revised by the courts in 2013 and did not incorporate the Court’s or indus-try concerns. Facts: The American Petroleum Institute filed suit to challenge the original rule issued by the SEC in 2012, despite its largest member companies claiming to support transparency. The earlier version of the rule was vacated by the court and sent back to the SEC in 2013 on narrow procedural grounds, not on the substance of the rule. Since then, the SEC has had another two years of public consultations and internal analysis, resulting in an even more robust record with substantial evidence supporting each aspect of the 2016 rule. That evidence also includes the experience of companies al-ready reporting on their payments under similar rules in other jurisdictions. The SEC’s final rule strikes an appropriate bal-ance by requiring the level of transparency Congress intended, while also accommo-dating industry concerns by providing com-panies with the opportunity to apply for case-by-case exemptions when they face re-porting challenges and a generous phase-in period. Reporting will only begin at the end of 2018. Myth 10: Sections 1504 (extractives trans-parency) and 1502 (conflict minerals) are the same thing/substantially similar. Facts: Section 1504 requires U.S.-listed oil and mining companies to annually disclose the company’s major payments made to the U.S. and foreign governments. It is simply a financial disclosure of payments companies already track. Section 1502 mandates that a certain set of companies using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold in their products undertake supply chain due diligence and report annually to the SEC regarding the source of the minerals used in their products and whether the min-erals are sourced in conflict areas in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Myth 11: The Cardin-Lugar rule poses a se-curity risk for American companies and their employees working abroad. Facts: There is no evidence justifying the claims that the Cardin-Lugar rule would have any negative impacts on security. In fact, all available evidence points to the con-trary. The United Steelworkers explicitly argue that the Cardin Lugar anti-corruption rule will enhance employee safety. Gen-erally, 1504 helps protect U.S. national secu-rity interests by preventing the corruption, secrecy, and government abuse that has catalyzed conflict, instability, and violent extremist movements in Africa, the Middle East and beyond. As ISIS demonstrated, non- state actors can benefit from trading natural resources in order to finance their oper-ations; project level reporting will make hid-ing imports from non-state actors more dif-ficult, thereby limiting their ability finance themselves with natural resource revenues. Myth 12: This law increases prices at the pump and takes capital away from other business opportunities. Facts: All of the data suggests that trans-parency actually helps company balance sheets by lowering the cost of capital and in-creasing investor confidence. On the other hand, corruption costs oil and mining com-panies millions of dollars every year from in-stability and fragility in resource-rich coun-tries, which contributes to increased oper-ating risks, waste, inefficiency, and delays. For instance, between 2011 and 2014, the con-flict in Libya fueled in part by citizens’ frus-tration with corruption and poor governance caused five U.S.-listed oil companies to miss out on more than $17 billion in revenues due to production disruptions in the country. 
Mr. CARDIN. Let me conclude, for years, Congress has been fighting to shine a light on the billions of dollars paid by extracted companies to foreign governments. By taking away one of the only tools we have to shine a light on extracted payments’ associated cor-ruption, we are sending a message to corrupt leaders around the world that the United States does not care about corruption; that we won’t hold them accountable, and that they should con-tinue with business as usual: Exploit-ing their own people, and perhaps even funding terrorist organizations with some of their secret proceeds. It is not in our national interest to stop an anticorruption rule that bolsters America’s national security, advances our humanitarian and anticorruption goals, and demonstrates U.S. moral leadership. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this resolution of dis-approval. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to com-ment on some of the initial reactions that I have heard from my Democratic colleagues on the President’s nomina-tion of Judge Gorsuch to be an Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court. First of all, even before we had the nominee, there were many of the Democratic Members vowing to fili-buster the nominee, site unseen. That, of course, is very unfortunate, as well as being ridiculous—in other words, saying you are going to filibuster somebody before you even know who the nominee is. But of course, given 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.038 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES642 February 2, 2017 
how the minority has treated the President’s Cabinet nominees so far, it is not exactly surprising that they would say this before the President even nominated somebody for the Court. Then, of course, this week the Presi-dent announced his nominee. Judge Gorsuch, of course, was confirmed by the Senate in 2006 without a single ‘‘no’’ vote and is universally respected as one of the finest and most fair-minded judges in the country. In fact— get this—one of President Obama’s So-licitors General called him ‘‘one of the most thoughtful and brilliant judges to have served our Nation over the last century.’’ Now, if an Obama Solicitor General says that and that is not mainstream enough, I don’t know what is. After the President’s announcement, something very interesting happened. Right out of the gate, there were a number of Sen-ate Democrats calling for ‘‘a hearing and a vote.’’ Well, that certainly sounds very encouraging. The press picked up on these comments, and one newspaper even reported that after learning who the nominee was, there were already seven Senate Democrats opposed to filibustering this nominee. At first glance, it appears those Democrats were trying to be consistent with their stance from last year that a nominee deserves a hearing and an up- or-down vote. But of course, now they conveniently seem to have dropped the up-or-down portion of that stand. Now, isn’t that a nice trick, a new trick. Take, for example, one of my colleagues, who last year said: ‘‘The Constitution says the Senate shall ad-vise and consent, and that means hav-ing an up-or-down vote.’’ But oddly, just yesterday, that same colleague said: ‘‘I support a 60-vote margin for all Supreme Court nominees.’’ That is a very nice sleight of hand. But most of the Senators are not that gullible. The Washington Post Fact Checker certainly took notice of their wordsmithing. That has earned them two Pinocchios. When you look at the facts, a 60-vote threshold has never been a standard, as the minority leader said yesterday. Otherwise, we would not have two of the current justices sitting on the Supreme Court. Of course, my colleagues tried unsuc-cessfully to filibuster Justice Alito. The Senate voted 72 to 25 to invoke clo-ture. He was then confirmed 58 to 42 on an up-or-down vote. Justice Thomas, now on the Supreme Court for 25 years, was confirmed 52 to 48. There was no cloture vote on Jus-tice Thomas’s nomination. In fact, the Senate did not set any sort of a re-quirement that there be 60 votes for 7 of the 8 justices serving on the Court. So, if there has been any sort of re-quirement or practice in the Senate on Supreme Court nominees, it has, in fact, been that the nominee does not need 60 votes, although many of them received that kind of support. We already know some Members have pledged to filibuster the nominee. This minority leader stated that part of the ‘‘fair process’’ is a 60-vote threshold. I suppose that if you are already com-mitted to attempting a filibuster on a Supreme Court nominee before you even know who that person might be, then you might consider that part of a fair process. Of course, we all know—all Repub-licans and Democrats know—that launching a filibuster against a Su-preme Court nominee is not part of a fair process. It never has been. But I suppose we should cut our colleagues just a little bit of slack. They are hav-ing a hard time figuring out how to make good on their promise to attack the nominee no matter who it is, when they have now been presented with a nominee with impeccable credentials as well as broad bipartisan support. This brings me to the second brief point that I want to make. Judge Gorsuch had barely finished speaking at the White House, and there were al-ready attacks on the nominee by some on the left. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle had already taken to the Senate floor to attack and mischaracterize Judge Gorsuch’s record. Though we expected it, these scurrilous attacks are untoward and obviously misplaced. After all, those on the left trot out the same tired argu-ments against every Republican nomi-nee. Now, you know, going back a few years—maybe, too far for some of you younger Members—they attacked Jus-tice Stevens because he ‘‘revealed an extraordinary lack of sensitivity to problems that women face.’’ They called Justice Kennedy a sexist who ‘‘would be a disaster for women.’’ They said there was ‘‘ample reason to fear’’ Justice Souter. Of course, you know what turned out. Justices Ste-vens and Souter turned out to be favor-ites of the left, and too often Justice Kennedy has ruled the liberal way. This morning, the Washington Post editorial board noted that, while we ar-gued last year—meaning the paper ar-gued last year—that the President should not fill a Supreme Court va-cancy that occurs during a Presidential election year, Senate Republicans— quoting the Post—‘‘refrained from tar-ring Mr. Garland personally.’’ Now, in contrast, the paper noted that this dissent is unwarranted this early by writing this: ‘‘Trashing Mr. Gorsuch as an outlandish radical, de-spite his impeccable credentials, the wide respect he commands in his field, his long service as an appeals court judge and the unanimous voice vote he received the last time the Senate con-sidered him for the Federal bench is, at the very least, premature.’’ Our friends on the other side of the aisle would do well to take note of the Washington Post’s observation. So I would like to make this point. If the process we have witnessed for the President’s Cabinet nominees is any guide, I am quite confident that we will hear all manner of reasons and argu-ments about why we should delay a hearing on Judge Gorsuch. But as my friend and former chair-man of the Judiciary Committee, Sen-ator L
EAHY , often noted, Supreme Court nominees don’t have the oppor-tunity to respond to personal attacks outside of their confirmation hearing. So I am going to consult with the ranking member on timing for the hearing. But I can tell you what we are not going to do. We are not going to delay this hearing, especially in the face of all of these attacks on his record and character, which, both for the record and for his character, are unjustified. So I will conclude with this. I had the good fortune of meeting one-on-one with Judge Gorsuch yesterday. He is as impressive a person in person as he is on paper. I expect that as my friends on the other side of the aisle meet Judge Gorsuch and actually review his record, they will find him to be an im-minently qualified and universally re-spected judge, whose decisions faith-fully applying the text of the law place him well within the judicial main-stream. Now, maybe people that say they want a mainstream judge wanted an activist judge who will read the text the way the judge wants it read for their own personal views, as opposed to the intent by Congress. But Judge Gorsuch is doing what any judge should do reading the law. He said: If any judge likes every decision he makes, then he is not a very good judge. Now, this is what we are going to do. We are going to do our due diligence, and we are going to send a question-naire to Judge Gorsuch in the next day or so. I will expect he will answer that questionnaire promptly, and then we will do what I said before the election, before we knew who was going to be the next President. In fact, we thought it was going to be Secretary Clinton. When I say we, the country as a whole had that in their mind. There was no doubt about it. So I said before the election, as the one re-sponsible for not having a hearing on the previous nominee, that, whoever was elected President, this process was going to move forward. So we will have that hearing where Members can ask this nominee any questions they deem appropriate. We will vote on him in committee, and the full Senate will vote on his nomina-tion. But given his exemplary record and the facts as we know them, I ex-pect this nominee to be confirmed. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I am going to try to be very brief. I am rising to return to the topic of the effort of the CRA to roll back transparency in the oil and gas indus-try, and I will speak briefly. I know my colleague from Arizona is here and wants to speak too. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.056 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S643 February 2, 2017 
The issue has been described. It is an SEC rule requiring energy companies to disclose the payments they make to foreign governments for natural re-sources. The reason is that many coun-tries with abundant natural resources are run by dictators, and there has been a long history of payments by oil companies—American and others—to those dictators that don’t get to the people and actually further the corrup-tion of the country. Just one example: An IMF report stated that in just 1 year, 1998, the Government of Equatorial Guinea re-ceived $130 million in oil revenue, and $96 million of that went directly into the personal bank account of the dic-tator, Teodoro Obiang. Meanwhile, hunger in that country is rampant, and that is what led to this. I am on the Foreign Relations Com-mittee. In preparation for our hearing on the nomination of Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, for Secretary of State, I read a wonderful report that was done by Senator Lugar when he was the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. October 2008: Report to members of the Foreign Relations Committee from the ranking member. The title was ‘‘The Petroleum And Poverty Paradox: Assessing U.S. And International Com-munity Efforts to Fight The Resource Curse.’’ I read this. I read the book ‘‘Private Empire,’’ a recent history of ExxonMobil written by journalist Steve Coll, to prepare for my examina-tion of Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State. This particular report was the basis for the 2010 law that was described by Senator C
ARDIN , and it was sponsored in a bipartisan way. It didn’t prohibit any company from doing anything. It only required companies that pay for-eign governments to disclose those payments. I voted yesterday against Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State be-cause I believe a public official’s duty— especially Secretary of State—has to be to the country. I was worried, based on three areas of his testimony, that Rex Tillerson could not set aside his loyalty to ExxonMobil. He refused to answer questions that I asked him about ExxonMobil’s knowl-edge of climate science, yet their ef-forts to convince the public that the science was not settled. He told me he wouldn’t answer my questions. He did not demonstrate to the com-mittee’s satisfaction, in my view, that he could be independent in Russia. For example, he said that ExxonMobil had not lobbied against sanctions against Russia, when we actually have the lob-bying forms to suggest they had. In both of those areas, I found his re-sponses wanting, and I voted against him. I will be honest. I asked him about the resource curse question, and today I kind of feel like I got snookered. I said: There is a lot of concern about these countries that let resource wealth go to dictators and further cor-ruption. What are you going to do about it, as the Secretary of State, working on development, for example, of some of these poor nations? And he talked about high-minded values and virtues of the things the United States could do that would battle corruption and increase transparency. He didn’t tell me that he had been personally involved in an effort to de-feat the legislation that passed Con-gress in 2010. Now there is press out suggesting that is the case, and he didn’t tell me that apparently there was an effort underway to undermine the transparency statute that was so important. I have to put it on the record. Within 1 day—within 1 day of the Senate ap-proving Mr. Tillerson for Secretary of State, the Trump administration has relaxed sanctions on Russia. That hap-pened today. And now, apparently, we are going to vote to eliminate a law that requires transparency among com-panies like ExxonMobil. I kind of feel like I got snookered at the hearing. What public interest is at stake in rolling this back? I don’t think there is any. Some say: Well, look, it is about lev-eling the playing field. The United States shouldn’t be at a competitive disadvantage, but U.S. companies are at a disadvantage. Companies listed on the U.S. stock exchange—wherever they are from—are required to do this transparency, these disclosures, and many are already doing it. Because we have led, the European Union and Can-ada have said this is a great idea, and they are doing it too. It would be a horrible thing if the United States pulled away from its leadership. In conclusion, I am concerned that in the opening 2 weeks of the Trump ad-ministration—despite a lot of promises about what they would do in the econ-omy—what has the administration done about the economy? On day one, they entered an Execu-tive order retracting an FHA mortgage reduction, thereby requiring home-owners with FHA loans to have to pay more for their monthly mortgages. They have done a Federal hiring ban that falls disproportionately on vet-erans because the Federal workforce is a veteran-heavy workforce. They have done the immigration rules that we have discussed which not only affect immigrants but have a dramatic nega-tive effect on America’s technology in-dustry. And then in the first two uses of the CRA procedure since the 1990s, they have eliminated a rule to allow more pollution of streams in poor areas where coal is produced, and now this— allowing companies to escape trans-parency and make the very kinds of payments that lead to corruption in foreign governments, corruption so se-vere that a former Republican Member of this body was compelled to write a superb report in 2008 and have bipar-tisan legislation passed. I urge my colleagues to vote against the CRA repeal of this rule. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, during my time in the Congress, I have had the privilege of visiting many other na-tions, often fragile or new democracies struggling to meet the needs of grow-ing numbers of youth and emerging middle classes. For example, many of the fastest growing economies are in the devel-oping nations of Africa and Asia. In fact, a few years ago, the World Bank said Africa was on ‘‘the brink of an economic take-off.’’ Such economic gains should be wel-come news for lifting millions out of poverty, providing better basic services such as education and health care, and improving the lives of women. They are also opportunities to create more markets for our goods and serv-ices, to add to our global allies, and to reverse the conditions that lead to vio-lent extremism. But for those of us who have visited many such nations, we are also aware of a major impediment to realizing these improvements—namely effective and clean government. You see, too often, endemic corrup-tion—frequently around lucrative ex-tractive oil and minerals—robs untold sums from generation after generation in many of these nations. Just look at such oil rich nations as Angola, Venezuela, Nigeria, or Equa-torial Guinea, where government after government squandered and stole the oil wealth from its own people, far too many of whom still live in terrible squalor. Some of you may remember the dev-astating column Nicholas Kristof wrote in 2015, ‘‘Deadliest Country for Kids.’’ Here is how he describe Angola: ‘‘This is a country laden with oil, diamonds, Porsche-driving millionaires and tod-dlers starving to death. . . . this well off but corrupt African nation is ranked No. 1 in the world in the rate at which children die before the age of five. . . . Under the corrupt and auto-cratic president, Jose Educardo dos Santos, who has ruled for 35 years, billons of dollars flow to a small elite— as kids starve.’’ He continues: ‘‘There are many ways for a leader to kill his people, and al-though dos Santos isn’t committing genocide he is presiding over the sys-tematic looting of his state and neglect of his people . . . Let ’s hold dos Santos accountable and recognize that ex-treme corruption and negligence can be something close to a mass atrocity.’’ In 2008, Republican Foreign Relations Committee staff, under then-Senator Richard Lugar, released a report on this scourge, ‘‘The Petroleum and Pov-erty Paradox.’’ The report from Lugar discussed the ‘‘resource curse’’ which is a ‘‘phe-nomenon whereby large reserves of oil or other resources often negatively af-fect a country’s economic growth, cor-ruption level and stability.’’ Why is this important? Let me quote from the report: ‘‘This ‘resource curse’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.057 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES644 February 2, 2017 
affects us as well as producing coun-tries. It exacerbates global poverty which can be a seedbed for terrorism, it dulls the effect of our foreign assist-ance, it empowers autocrats and dic-tators, and it can crimp world petro-leum supplies by breeding instability. . . . This report argues that trans-parency in revenues, expenditure and wealth management from extractive industries is crucial to defeating the resource curse.’’ Wise words from a wise man. And so, this report became the basis for a very thoughtful, bipartisan law that I was proud to support which tried to tackle this issue in a very common-sense manner. It simply required that the SEC issue a rule requiring all oil, gas, and min-eral companies listed on the U.S. Stock Exchange to disclose royalties, bo-nuses, fees, taxes, and other payments made to foreign governments as a transparency tool for fighting corrup-tion. The U.S. law became the catalyst for others: all 28 European Union member states have enacted similar legislation, followed by Norway and then Canada, who are key players in extractive in-dustries—further establishing an inter-national norm. Moreover, a study conducted by busi-ness professors at George Washington University and Catholic University found that increased transparency re-sulting from disclosures required under the rule lowers the cost of capital for covered U.S. listed firms by up to $12.6 billion. So claims that this is burdensome and will result in competitive harm to American firms are unfounded and sim-ply untrue. So here we are, 4 months since our intelligence services disclosed that a former KGB official led a cyber act of war on our Nation and democracy—and what is the priority of the Republican majority? Establishing an independent commis-sion to look into the Russian attack? No. Taking up bipartisan legislation to tighten sanctions on Russia for its at-tack on our Nation? No. In fact, not a single Republican has even come to the Senate floor to dis-cuss these grave matters of national security. Ronald Reagan, who understood the Russian mentality so well, must be turning in his grave to see this abdica-tion by his party. Instead, what is the majority party’s priority? Well, repealing health care from mil-lions without an alternative—and, now, trying to strip this good governance anticorruption law—one led by a mem-ber of their own party and subject to years of debate and input—aimed at ad-dressing corruption that robs so much from the world’s poor—not exactly draining the swamp. This isn’t an onerous rule. It is sim-ply a matter of disclosure, trans-parency, and good governance. It is hard to understand opposition to great-er transparency. As such, I will vote against his meas-ure and I urge my colleagues, espe-cially my Republican colleagues who have made helping the world’s poor one of their endeavors to do the same, don’t vote to put more money in the pockets of the world’s worst autocrats at the expense of the world’s most vul-nerable. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, President Trump made bold claims about his in-tention to ‘‘drain the swamp.’’ But here we are, debating a measure that would do the exact opposite. The Senate is ac-tually voting to kill an anticorruption regulation. This regulation was the result of bi-partisan effort led by Senator Dick Lugar. Senator Lugar was my mentor when I first joined the Senate. He helped me better understand the role and traditions of this body; and he showed me what it meant to be a statesmen. Senator Lugar was one of the most thoughtful foreign policy experts to serve in the Senate. He chaired the Foreign Relations Committee, and he was deeply respected on both sides of the aisle. He understood the ‘‘resource curse.’’ How developing countries with billions of dollars in oil, gas, or other valuable minerals often had the worst poverty, how the governments of these coun-tries made deals with huge corpora-tions to sell their resources, but the citizens of those countries never saw the benefits. Instead, corrupt leaders would enrich themselves, rather than use the funds to pay for healthcare, education, infrastructure, or housing. Senator Lugar, with Senator C
ARDIN , developed legislation to address the re-source curse, to bring transparency to an opaque system. The result was sec-tion 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act. It di-rected the SEC to issue a rule requiring all oil, gas, and mineral companies list-ed on U.S. stock exchanges to disclose the payments they make to foreign governments. This allows the citizens of those countries to hold their leaders account-able. It shines a light on corruption. And when citizens can demand that this money is used for their benefit, it reduces their need for foreign aid. Opponents of this rule claimed it would put American companies at a disadvantage. In fact, it made the U.S. a leader. Other countries followed suit and passed similar requirements. The Cardin-Lugar rule became the global standard for transparency. Today, 80 percent of the world’s largest publicly listed oil, gas and mining com-panies—including state-owned compa-nies from Russia, China, and Brazil— are subject to disclosure rules. This resolution of disapproval is just one of many misguided efforts by Re-publicans to use the Congressional Re-view Act to kill regulations that pro-tect the most vulnerable. The CRA was enacted in 1996 as part of the radical deregulatory and anticonsumer actions by shepherded by Newt Gingrich. Before now, the CRA has successfully been used to overturn only one rule. There is a reason it has only been successfully used once. The CRA is a blunt weapon. It is a poorly written law that comes with unintended con-sequences. The CRA allows Congress to strike down a rule in its entirety with only an hour of floor debate in the House and without the ability to fili-buster it in the Senate. This flawed process can undo years of careful work by stakeholders and Fed-eral agencies. Work done through an open, thoughtful rulemaking process. The Cardin-Lugar rule took years to fi-nalize. Republicans want to kill it in a day. And let’s be clear—it does kill the regulation. Earlier today, Leader MCCONNELL mischaracterized this ef-fort. He said, ‘‘Let’s send the SEC back to the drawing board to promote trans-parency.’’ But that is not what the CRA does. It doesn’t send the agency ‘‘back to the drawing board.’’ What it does do is pro-hibit the agency from issuing another regulation that is ‘‘substantially the same,’’ unless Congress specifically au-thorizes the agency to do so through subsequent legislation. The courts have not yet determined how different a new regulation must be so that is not ‘‘substantially the same.’’ This discourages an agency from issuing a new similar regulation once a rule has been blocked. This is not going back to the drawing board. This is going back to corrup-tion. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, with this resolution, the Senate major-ity is continuing its rush to overturn Obama administration consumer and investor protections, this time by tar-geting a bipartisan anticorruption measure. In 2008, under the direction of Sen-ator Richard Lugar, Republican staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee produced a report, ‘‘The Petro-leum and Poverty Paradox: Assessing U.S. and International Community Ef-forts to Fight the Resource Curse.’’ They traveled to some of the most re-source-rich countries in the world and explored how government corruption, fraud, and instability prevented those nations’ people from benefitting from their oil, gas, and mineral reserves. Rather than spurring national eco-nomic development, benefits were con-centrated among government and mili-tary elites and organized crime. Ac-cording to the nonprofit research orga-nization Global Financial Integrity, in 2012, developing countries ‘‘lose rough-ly $1 trillion per year to crime, corrup-tion, and tax evasion.’’ The 2008 Foreign Relation Committee report led to the bipartisan Cardin- Lugar amendment to direct the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission to re-quire that all oil, gas, and mineral 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.042 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S645 February 2, 2017 
companies listed on U.S. stock ex-changes disclose their payments to for-eign governments, including royalties, fees, taxes, and bonuses. Congress en-acted the Cardin-Lugar amendment as section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act. These transparency provisions are critical to combatting corruption in re-source-rich nations. And these provi-sions are critical to protecting inves-tors by ensuring that they have a clear picture of companies’ interactions with foreign nations. As the Foreign Relations Committee report noted: ‘‘transparency in extrac-tive industries abroad is in our inter-ests because mineral wealth breeds cor-ruption, which dulls the effects of U.S. foreign assistance; inequitable dis-tribution of mineral revenues creates civil unrest, threatening political and energy instability and adding a price premium to commodities such as oil and gas; and energy rich countries can become emboldened militarily.’’ The Cardin-Lugar amendment con-tinued American leadership in anticorruption efforts, and has estab-lished a new global standard. Similar rules ale now in effect in Europe, Nor-way, and Canada and apply to 80 per-cent of the world’s largest publicly list-ed oil, gas, and mining companies, in-cluding state-owned oil companies in Russia, China, and Brazil. While many of the world’s largest ex-tractive businesses have expressed sup-port for transparency, including BP, Shell, and Newmont Mining, the SEC rule has been strongly opposed by a narrow group, including ExxonMobil. I am concerned to see the Senate acting to repeal this rule and prohibit the SEC from ever establishing a similar anticorruption and investor-protection measure in the same week that it voted to confirm Rex Tillerson, former CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State. There is no logical reason to go against international norms and repeal a rule supported by much of the regu-lated industry, investors, and advo-cates for transparency and government reform in favor of a narrow opposition led by ExxonMobil. I urge my col-leagues to reject this special-interest favor to ExxonMobil and maintain this important tool to fight corruption and protect investors. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona is recognized. (The remarks of Mr. F
LAKE per-taining to the introduction of S. 276 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I want to speak for a couple of minutes about the Supreme Court. A year ago, we lost one of the great-est legal minds to ever serve on the Na-tion’s highest Court. For nearly three decades, Justice Antonin Scalia fought for individual liberty and defended the integrity of the Constitution. No Justice in recent memory has so fundamentally influenced the trajec-tory of the Supreme Court. From his landmark decision that protected our Second Amendment right to bear arms to his staunch defense of limited gov-ernment and enumerated powers, Jus-tice Scalia stood as a bulwark against any erosion of our constitutional rights by an activist judiciary. He did this with his unshakable commitment to an originalist interpretation of the Constitution. Through this lens, he did not read words that were not there or infer intent that did not exist. Instead, Justice Scalia simply understood the Constitution, as the Founders under-stood it. Judge Scalia’s passing marked a wa-tershed moment for the future of our country. Suddenly, in the midst of the last Presidential campaign, voters were empowered to determine the philo-sophical balance of the Supreme Court at the polls. By entrusting Republicans with the stewardship of our Federal Government, voters signaled their de-sire for change and for the values that our party embraces. From strong sepa-ration of powers to a commitment to federalism, to religious freedom, people in Arizona and around the country wanted to restore these foundational principles. Now, President Trump’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court will help usher in that change and solidify those values on the Court for a generation to come. Earlier this week, I had the oppor-tunity to attend the ceremony at the White House and listen to Judge Gorsuch accept his nomination. I was impressed by his humble respect for the law and for his commitment to service. I was particularly struck by his recognition that ‘‘it is for Congress, not the courts, to write new laws’’ and that a Justice should make decisions based on what the law demands, not the outcome that he or she desires. I also appreciate his experience as an appellate court judge. This experience has given him a firm understanding of a properly functioning Federal circuit. As someone who has tried to reform an oversized and overworked Ninth Cir-cuit, I really appreciate that insight. Judge Gorsuch is an accomplished, mainstream jurist with a judicial phi-losophy worthy of Judge Scalia’s seat. We can be confident that he will read the law as written and not attempt to legislate from the bench, but if we allow rigid partisan and ideological calculus to seep into our confirmation process, I fear that no President will ever be able to get a Cabinet or Su-preme Court pick confirmed. A favorite line of our former Presi-dent is that ‘‘elections have con-sequences.’’ Indeed, they do. Like it or not, the winning party governs. That is democracy, and we have a responsi-bility now to govern. My hope is a return to the long-standing traditions of bipartisan co-operation on this Supreme Court nomi-nation. Judge Gorsuch is experienced. He is qualified, and he deserves a fair hearing. He deserves an up-or-down vote on the Senate floor. I am con-fident that when he receives that up- or-down vote, he will fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, back on the topic of the evening: the Congres-sional Review Act action to overturn the SEC’s rule. I am just kind of at a loss for words. There are people back home asking how politics is going, and they have a certain set of assumptions about the way Congress works. They watch ‘‘House of Cards.’’ They watch movies about politics. They have watched other TV shows on Hulu and Netflix, whatever it may be. I submit to you that what we are doing right now is so corrupt, so grotesque, so obvious, so trite that it wouldn’t even make the cut as a plot for a TV show about poli-tics because who would believe that the Republican Congress, as one of their first acts, would pass a law prohibiting the implementation of a rule that re-quires oil companies to disclose what kind of foreign payments they are making for the privilege of extracting resources. So what does that mean? You have oil companies that in order to extract resources in places like Africa and else-where—mostly poor countries around the globe—they have to cut a deal with whoever is in charge of the government in order to have access to that re-source. Whether it is in Equatorial Guinea, Indonesia, Africa, Myanmar, or elsewhere, they cut a deal with the governing despot, usually. That money very often makes it directly into the pockets of the family of the people who run the country. This is what Senator CARDIN was elucidating, as was Senator L
EAHY and the ranking member, Sen-ator B
ROWN . But this issue was new to me, and I came to the floor not as a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee but as a citizen. I can’t believe we are doing this. This is one of the stinkiest pieces of legislation that I have seen in my now 5 years in the Senate and my 8 years in the Hawaii State Legislature, in my life in poli-tics. I can’t believe that we would have the gall to put a bill on the floor to prevent us from disclosing what kinds of foreign payments—that is a euphe-mism—are being made to despots and autocrats around the planet. These are American companies traded on the stock exchange, American companies making foreign payments, euphemistically, for the privilege of ex-tracting primarily oil. Our ability as a country to be the world’s lone super-power—as Madeleine Albright called us, ‘‘the indispensable nation,’’—to be the superior country when it comes to money, morals, and might is now in question. Everywhere you look, it seems like America is ceding global leadership. China is set to outshine the United States on climate change policy— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.041 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES646 February 2, 2017 
China. Germany’s Prime Minister is ex-plaining international conventions on refugees to the President of the United States. We have insulted some of our closest allies in the fight against ISIS with a Muslim ban. Now we are alienating ourselves from Australia, a country that has stood with the United States in every major conflict since the beginning of the 20th century. It is hard work to offend Aus-tralia. You have to go out of your way in a phone call between the United States and Australia to have it go side-ways. So the world is asking if the United States will still lead in the fight against ISIS. The world is asking if the United States will still keep its word, and they are asking if the United States is still the moral leader for the world. I think everyone in the Congress would agree that the answers to these questions should be a resounding yes, but somehow one of the first orders of business in this Republican Congress is not a bill that demonstrates American leadership but one that concedes it, be-cause that is exactly what we would do if we overturn the Cardin-Lugar amendment. If we diminish our moral compass, the rest of the world stops looking at the United States as the leader among nations. The law we are voting to re-peal set a new international standard in the fight against corruption. It re-quires oil and mining companies that are listed on the U.S. Stock Exchange to report any payments they may make to foreign governments. The idea is that the companies won’t bribe dic-tators in mineral rich countries be-cause they know they will have to dis-close the payments. After the United States passed this law in 2010, some 30 countries followed our lead, but we never got to imple-menting it. So today, more than one- third of the world’s oil and gas compa-nies have strong legal incentives to do business the right way. If Republicans get rid of this disclosure requirement, it will be bad for American consumers. In 2004, a Senate subcommittee un-covered that oil companies, including ExxonMobil, have paid hundreds of millions of dollars to the President of Equatorial Guinea, which is an oil-rich country in Africa. That money didn’t go to the businesses and citizens. It went directly into the pockets of the President who has been called Africa’s nastiest dictator. Instead of buying food or roads for people—by the way, most people who live there live on less than $1 a day—the President and his family bought real estate in Paris, lux-ury cars and life-sized statues—plural— of Michael Jackson. Getting rid of this amendment will also be bad for national security. Sen-ator Lugar is one of the Republican Party’s most distinguished foreign pol-icy voices and the former chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. He understood the risk. He understood how corruption fuels insecurity, pov-erty, and oppression in other countries and how that can contribute to the condition that breeds violent extre-mism. That is why he fought for the level of transparency required by this rule and to make it harder for dic-tators to steal from their own citizens. That means that getting rid of the Cardin-Lugar amendment is also bad for investors. If a company is operating in a risky, corrupt, unstable country, investors have the right to know. If a company is perhaps even adding to the region’s insecurity, investors have a right to know that too. But that right is now in jeopardy. The way Republicans are going about this, we won’t be able to revisit this once it is all said and done. This is an important point. I said it last night on the stream protection rule, and I think it bears repeating. If you do a CRA ac-tion—we are now on the third in Amer-ican history, and the second was yes-terday. The first was sometime in the eighties, about ergonomics. The reason this never gets done is because, when you overturn a regulation using the Congressional Review Act, it is an in-credibly blunt instrument. What hap-pens under law is that the rule can’t be promulgated again. You can’t tweak this thing. As to the concerns that were ex-pressed by some of the Members on the Republican side about the modifica-tions they would like, if we want to legislate, let’s legislate. But what they are going to do is overturn this rule and the Securities and Exchange Com-mission from doing anything ‘‘substan-tially similar’’ ever again. Everybody who understands the CRA under the law understands that, basically, we can’t touch this topic again. So this isn’t about fixing a reg or being a check on runaway bureaucrats. These so-called bureaucrats, these civil serv-ants in the Securities and Exchange Commission, had a statute. They were told to do something. Now, they took forever to do it, but that is not running away and going rogue. That is going a little slow, I will grant you, but they did the right thing pursuant to the law. Now—I don’t know why, but I have my suspicions; I don’t know why, but I have my suspicions—we are over-turning both a rule and a law that re-quires the disclosure of payments to foreign governments made primarily by oil companies. It is one of the most awful things I have seen done in the Congress—not just when I have been here but as I have observed it over the last 20 years. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ap-preciate my colleague from Hawaii, both on the substance of the issue and on the Congressional Review Act and how it is an unsuitable tool in a situa-tion like this because of how it bars the door for a simple way to replace or modify a regulation. I am coming to the floor tonight to share my concerns about a basic chal-lenge we have in the world. This basic challenge is that when you get a ruler of a country who is corrupt, they forge contractual relationships, particularly if they are rich in minerals or oil, and they pocket the money and they spread the corruption. It makes it virtually impossible for the interests of the peo-ple of that country to be represented by their government because whatever governing body they have keeps mak-ing decisions based on those corrupt payments. Now, we are a nation that values gov-ernment by the people—of, by, and for the people. That is the vision of our Nation, but that vision would not be fulfilled if the Members of this body were being paid by foreign companies to serve the interests of the foreign companies instead of the interests of the people. We can understand from our own perspective our own desire to have a government that serves our citi-zens and that other nations want to have a government that serves their citizens. That is what this particular bill and the regulation that flows from it were all about. It was section 504 of Dodd-Frank, the resource extraction rule, that was passed now 7 years ago. It took quite a while to get the regu-lation into place. The first version came out in 2012, after a tremendous amount of consultation was struck down in court because it was chal-lenged by one of the companies that did not want to have transparency in international payments. Then folks went to work again and produced a rule that went into effect this last year. Un-fortunately, we are about to strike that down. I was thinking about how one of the champions for this was Senator Dick Lugar of Indiana. I was so impressed by his thoughtfulness when I came to the Senate. He had been here quite a while, and he worked to really understand issues, and he worked to solve prob-lems. He didn’t work to obstruct an ad-ministration because it was of a dif-ferent party. He didn’t work to sabo-tage the work of this body because one party or the other was in the majority. He worked to solve problems. He had really a deep understanding of the challenges in the world. He could see this from his consider-able experience. He was on foreign rela-tions for a very long time, and he served as its chair. He knew from his own work in that committee, from his own studies, from his own travels, and his own conversations—overseas con-versations with foreign governments and conversations with our State De-partment and our Defense Depart-ment—that we had a significant issue in which contracts with large compa-nies are used to defeat government of, by, and for the people in nations around the world. He wanted to do something about it. He had partner-ships, and Members of our own body who are still serving here today were deeply involved in this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.061 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S647 February 2, 2017 
It was a tremendous provision, but the American Petroleum Institute wasn’t happy about it because it has worked really well for oil companies to not disclose and to make deals with ruling dictators and ruling families or ruling governing groups, whether they be in a so-called elected form or unelected form. Well, finally, last year the rule was completed in June. They crafted a rule that, for the most part, made various stakeholders happy and it won broad international support. Dozens of other countries—including Canada, Norway, and countries of the European Union— followed American leadership. They adopted similar laws. So our particular law made it clear that if a company was listed on our stock exchange—on any of our exchanges—and it made a significant payment—$100,000 or more— it had to disclose that payment. That wasn’t just U.S. companies. It wouldn’t just have been U.S. companies. It was any company listed on our exchange, no matter where it was based. Other companies followed suit. So companies based in other countries were affected. So, basically, it was a vision that in short order took over the entire world, with developed countries coming to-gether and saying that we are going to stop this process that destroys govern-ments for the people in so much of the world. It isn’t just kind of a theoretical question of some liberal vision of how governments work. We are talking about the difference between the deci-sions of dictators to stash billions of dollars overseas or build health care clinics. We are talking about the dif-ference between dictators buying hun-dreds of the world’s most expensive sports cars or developing an education system in their countries. We are talk-ing about the fundamental quality of life for millions and millions of people around the world. This provision, this resource extraction rule, went in an enormous direction in terms of making the world a better place. Shouldn’t that be what we are about? This challenge of foreign contracts with money diverted into the pockets of the dictators and the ruling class— the money that should go to the devel-opment of the country—is particularly a problem in resource rich countries with weak institutions. They have weak courts. They have weak inves-tigative branches to find corruption. They have courts that essentially exor-cise the ability to try people for which there is evidence, who should be charged and should be convicted. So the same corruption that affects the decisions that are made protects those who make those decisions. This means that if you have someone who grows up in this country and says: We have hun-dreds of billions of dollars of resources and nothing to show for it; so let’s change that system; let’s change that system and enable the people of this country to benefit from schools and health care and transportation; let’s develop our nation, they are stymied by this complex web of undisclosed cor-ruption. So that is what this bill is all about, and that is what this rule stem-ming from the section of the bill is all about. Let’s take, for example, a poster child for this resource curse. In many countries, it is known as the oil curse. Oil is a particularly prominent case. But the Democratic Republic of the Congo has not just some oil but a lot of minerals. It is a significant producer of the world’s cobalt, diamonds, tin, gold, and other minerals. This problem of a corrupt dictator goes way back to dec-ades ago. His name was well known around the world: Mobutu Sese Seko. He ruled from 1965 to 1997, so 32 years, three decades. It is estimated that he diverted from the country $4 billion to $15 billion. That is a lot of roads being built in a poor country. That is a lot of food for people who are near starva-tion. That is a lot of public school edu-cation. That is a lot of health care clin-ics. So one very rich man was stashing money in Swiss bank accounts rather than that money going to the govern-ment to do fundamental responsibil-ities for the people. The country has an estimated $24 trillion in mineral depos-its. When we think about that, the $4 billion to $15 billion doesn’t sound like very much. Often, the way it works is these cor-rupt payments enable companies to get contracts far below cost, which is not a good thing, obviously, for these impov-erished nations, to be essentially giv-ing away their money because they are being bribed to do so. So that is extremely disturbing to me, this particular issue being done here late in the evening, with very few of my colleagues here—mostly col-leagues who are trying to fight this rule. Those who are supporting the multilateral corporations, the multi-national corporations that don’t like to have disclosure, they are not here to talk about how this is damaging the lives of millions of people in the poor-est countries around the world. Maybe we need to have a rule in the Senate that if you are going to damage the lives of millions of people, you have to actually be here to hear the debate. This debate is limited to just 10 hours, 5 hours on either side. If one side gives back their time, it is just 5 hours. There are not a whole lot of conversa-tions. Maybe we could limit the con-versation to 20 minutes a person or 10 minutes a person so we get a lot of voices in. Before we go about the process of de-stroying the lives of millions of people all around the world, maybe, instead of just listening to the lobbyists for a multinational bank in your office, you should be here on the floor to have a conversation about the damage you are contemplating doing. Maybe then we would have an actual debate here in the U.S. Senate—a place that used to be a place where people did come and listen to each other debate issues. Per-haps there are good arguments to the contrary that I haven’t heard because my colleagues aren’t here presenting them. And maybe out of that mutual exchange, we would find a path to do something other than using this crude and destructive tool to strike down this very important provision. There are three groups who benefit from this disclosure rule. The first group who benefits is the investors in a company who want to invest in compa-nies that have responsible practices. The disclosure gives them the ability to have that information. The second group who benefits is con-sumers who want to buy products from companies that engage in responsible practices, and disclosure enables them to do that. The third group, though, really is the most important group, and that is a group of citizens in the country who are being corrupted by these payments because when they hear that a com-pany has a contract and has paid X amount of billion dollars for that con-tract, then the newspapers of that country and the citizens of that coun-try can try to get additional informa-tion: Did you take the percentage of that that was supposed to go to the re-gional government and actually get it disbursed to the regional government? Did you take the percentage of that that was supposed to go to the local city or province and did it get there? They can start to see that there is this lump of money that is supposed to be serving the citizens, and they can ask questions about how it serves the citi-zens. What bank account did it go into—so they can follow the money and track the money. But they have no ability to do that if these payments are hidden. That is what this is about. So it is about investors who want to do the right thing, consumers who want to use their marketing and pur-chasing power to do the right thing, but it is really about the citizens of that country not having their re-sources diverted when they desperately need the fundamental things, such as transportation and education and health care. Well, Senator Lugar said recently that if we allow this rule to be re-pealed, it would be ‘‘a real tragedy for democracy and human rights.’’ I agreed with Senator Lugar when he said, ‘‘It is hard to believe that this would be such a high priority right now.’’ We have a lot of issues in the world that we are challenged by, in-cluding security issues. We have a lot of nominations to address and debate. Why is it such a high priority at this moment to tear down a provision that improves the quality of life for mil-lions of people in some of the poorest countries in the world? Why is it so im-portant at this moment to tear down a law that reduces corruption in govern-ments around the world? Why is it so important right now to destroy this provision that helps create an oppor-tunity for ‘‘we the people,’’ a govern-ment that we profess to believe in? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.062 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES648 February 2, 2017 
It is well known that the CEO of ExxonMobil traveled to Washington to personally lobby Senator Lugar on this section. He wanted this provision scrapped, and that individual is now our Secretary of State. That certainly disturbs me, that the day after he be-came Secretary of State, the provision he lobbied for as an oil executive is being accomplished here on the floor. Because of his testimony in com-mittee, there was some hope that he would stand up and fight for the funda-mental visions of our country, the fun-damental values and principles of our country, and if so, he would be sending out information right now saying: Stop what you are doing because I know how this works around the world and how it destroys ‘‘we the people’’ governments, and we shouldn’t be doing it; that is, we should keep the provision we have right now. Nigeria is another nation that has had a resource curse or oil curse. Last year, a deal was struck between ExxonMobil and the Nigerian Govern-ment—or it came under investigation last year by that country’s anti-cor-ruption and law enforcement agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission. The investigation sur-rounds a 2009 agreement where an Exxon subsidiary and the Nigerian Government agreed to renew a 40-per-cent share in three new oil licenses. Exxon reached a deal to pay $600 mil-lion for those licenses, and it built a powerplant at a cost of $900 million, so it made a $1.5 billion investment. So a $1.5 billion investment—that sounds like a pretty high sum for a contract. However, an outside group who was investigating corruption found that the Nigerian Government had valued those contracts at $2.15 billion—in other words, $1 billion more than what Exxon was paying. Furthermore, they found that wasn’t just in theory because an-other bidder offered $3.75 billion, and that is more than twice what Exxon paid. But the Exxon deal was chosen. Isn’t there some sense that some-thing is wrong when a government re-jects a payment that is $2.25 billion more than the offer that was accepted? That is what happens with corrupt pay-ments between powerful companies and dictators. That is what destroys gov-ernment of, by, and for the people around the world. It is estimated that over time—that is, since 1960, so after the last 57 years—$400 billion of Nigerian oil reve-nues have disappeared due to corrup-tion—$400 billion disappeared. What would $400 billion do to improve the lives of Nigerians? That is why transparency in these payments is so important. It affects impoverished people all over the world. We can have all of our aid programs, we can have our Food for Peace Pro-gram, we can have our Millennium Cor-poration, but this type of deal does so much more damage than all the good we do through our programs that we budget for and put money into. If we enable, if we promote corrup-tion around the world, we do enormous damage. That is why a bipartisan group of Senators, including Dick Lugar leading it, took this on. How about Equatorial Guinea. It is one of Sub-Saharan Africa’s largest oil producers, and it, like many other oil countries, has the oil curse. President Obiang has been in power since he ousted his uncle in a military coup in 1979 and declared himself President for life. Let’s just say what he is: He is a dictator. His government has been known to detain arbitrarily and tor-ture critics, to disregard elections. It has been prosecuted for using oil prof-its for financial gain of the President’s family. The result is, although this country is one of the wealthiest Afri-can nations per capita, the majority of the Nation’s citizens survive on less than $2 a day. Let me clarify that. It is one of the richest African nations per capita, but a large percent of the citi-zens survive on less than $2 a day be-cause President Obiang and his ex-tended network—his extended corrupt network—are stealing the resources of the country, and they are doing it often through contracts with oil com-panies like Exxon, which happens to be a major partner in exploiting the re-sources of Equatorial Guinea. Less than half of Equatorial Guinea has access to clean drinking water, a fundamental need and a fundamental factor in health. Twenty percent—that is one out of every five children—die before reaching the age of 5. This is be-cause of the corruption that is facili-tated by undisclosed sums, reinforcing a dictator—a dictator whose family owns fleets of fancy sports cars, luxury yachts, private jets, massive properties in Europe, massive properties in Brazil, and properties right here in the United States. But one-fifth of the children die before age 5. That is why this is so im-portant. Let me conclude by saying that what we are doing here tonight in putting this forward with no real debate be-cause my colleagues are not here—a few colleagues are here to give speech-es like I am giving to say ‘‘Stop, this is wrong,’’ but our colleagues are not here to hear us. What is happening to-night is an enormous travesty. It is an enormous blight on the United States, which led the world in taking on this problem and now is abandoning not just that leadership but is abandoning the principle. The world is worse off for it. I hope that my colleagues will some-how come to an inspiration or a revela-tion, that those who are not here lis-tening to this will come to an under-standing that something is wrong with this and will oppose this effort to re-peal this very important provision. But I know that the heavy hand of cor-porate lobbying is behind the fact that this is on the floor tonight, and I am not optimistic. That saddens me a great deal. Let us strive to have a process that honors the importance of the issues be-fore us. This short debate, with vir-tually no one present, does not honor it and does enormous damage, and it is just wrong. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, for the first time in more than a decade, the Republican Party controls the House, the Senate, and the White House. This week they are starting to roll out their legislative agenda. So now that they have complete con-trol of the agenda, what do the Repub-licans have in store? Something to bump up wages for working families or something to create more jobs? Some-thing to tackle the student debt crisis? Maybe something to deal with all the jobs that get shipped overseas? No, one of the Republican Party’s first orders of business is a giveaway to ExxonMobil that will help corrupt and repressive foreign regimes and make it easier to funnel money to terrorists around the world. Here is the problem. Big corporations like Exxon—or other oil, gas, and min-ing companies—often pay millions of dollars to foreign governments to ac-cess natural resources located in these countries. Many of these foreign re-gimes are corrupt, and Exxon’s massive payouts regularly end up in the pock-ets of government officials rather than in the hands of the people. These cor-rupt officials get filthy rich while their citizens face punishing poverty and dangerous working conditions. Worse still, some of these undisclosed pay-ments can end up financing terrorists. Just over 6 years ago, Congress passed a bipartisan provision to help tackle this problem. With the strong support of Senator Dick Lugar, the leading Republican on the Senate For-eign Relations Committee, Congress required oil, gas, and mining compa-nies to disclose any payments they make to governments to extract nat-ural resources. Republicans and Demo-crats agreed that shining a light on these payments would help combat cor-ruption and terrorism around the globe and help citizens in some of the very poorest nations in the world hold their own governments accountable. Disclosing these foreign payments also helps investors right here in the United States so they can make more informed investment decisions. Some investors may want to stay away from companies that could face expensive lawsuits for violating the Foreign Cor-rupt Practices Act or other anti-cor-ruption laws. Other investors, quite frankly, may just prefer not to invest in companies that could be helping prop up corrupt foreign governments or indirectly financing terrorism. Congress directed the Securities and Exchange Commission to write the rule, and the SEC spent years solic-iting input from investors, from human rights advocates, from anti-corruption experts, and from oil, gas, and mining companies. The agency ultimately issued a ruling last year, and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.066 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S649 February 2, 2017 
worked. The rule gained the support of faith groups, human rights groups, de-velopment organizations, and anti-cor-ruption advocates all around the world. The rule also earned the support of in-vestors who collectively controlled more than $10 trillion in assets, and— we should really be proud—it set an international standard, with the Euro-pean Union, Canada, and other coun-tries adopting similar standards for companies in their own countries. But it didn’t go down well with ev-eryone. A handful of powerful oil and gas companies have been after this re-quirement from the start, and Exxon has been leading the pack on this. In fact, Rex Tillerson, the CEO of Exxon at the time, personally lobbied against the requirement back in 2010. His rea-son? What was his objection? The for-eign payments rule would undermine Exxon’s ability to do business in Rus-sia. Listen to that again. If Exxon has to tell the world about the millions of dollars it hands over to the Russian Government, Exxon wouldn’t be able to do as much business in Russia. So now the Republican Congress wants to rush in to help out poor Exxon so they can keep the secret money flowing to these Russian officials. This Exxon giveaway shows just how bankrupt the Republican agenda is. They don’t have any ideas for helping working families. It is just one cor-porate giveaway after another—mak-ing their big business donors happy and keeping the campaign contributions flowing for the next election. But the economic lives of our working families, our moral leadership in the world, the safety of our financial system, and the water we drink and the air we breathe—all of those—are just after-thoughts to the corporate wish list. If you are a corrupt foreign dictator, Republicans rolling back the rules is great for you. If you are an oil com-pany executive, Republicans rolling back the rules is great for you. But if you are anyone else, you should be out-raged that the Republican Congress is so willing to throw you under the bus to please these groups. I urge all of my colleagues to vote against this resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
HEROIN AND PRESCRIPTION DRUG ABUSE  
EPIDEMIC  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise tonight to talk about a problem that is affecting every single one of the States represented in this Chamber and every one of our communities. It is one that folks back home are, unfortunately, ex-periencing and, frankly, we don’t talk enough about this in Washington. It is this epidemic of heroin and prescrip-tion drug abuse. How bad is it? We just learned very recently that for the first time in 23 years, life expectancy in the United States has gone down, and there is no question that the surge in heroin and prescription drug addiction is one of the reasons. In fact, the demographic that saw the biggest drop in life ex-pectancy was among middle-aged White women—the very group that has been hardest hit by the heroin and pre-scription drug epidemic in overdoses and overdose deaths. Unbelievably, this epidemic is actually driving down life expectancy in our great country. It has been pretty dramatic. The number of heroin users in the United States has tripled since 2007, and the number of heroin overdoses has tripled just since 2012. It has gotten to the point where we are now losing one American life about every 12 minutes to this epidemic. So during this talk today, which will be about 12 minutes, we expect another American to die of a heroin overdose. Congress has begun to act, and I ap-plaud the House and the Senate for that. We have acted over the last year to do a couple things. One is that, in the appropriations bill that passed at the end of last year, we put more money aside for treatment. So States are now receiving grants—$500 million this year, $500 million next year. These grants are needed. It is going to the hardest hit States. It is going to States based on their need, which I think is very important, because some States are hit harder than others. My col-league from Ohio is here on the floor, and he has been very involved in this issue as well. My State has been one of those States hardest hit. Some think that Ohio now has the highest number of overdoses when we add prescription drugs, heroin, and synthetic heroin, like fentanyl. Second, last summer Congress took what I think is the biggest step we have taken in decades in terms of fighting this issue when we passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act. The President signed it into law. It is already helping with regard to providing more prevention efforts, treatment, and long-term recovery. It is also helping our law enforcement and other first responders to be able to handle this growing crisis. We fully funded this Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act—also called CARA—this year, and now we need to ensure that the new adminis-tration that has just come in continues to effectively implement this program as quickly as possible. Just in the last few weeks, three of CARA’s grant programs got up and running. One is funding for drug courts. Those who are involved with drug courts back home already know this, but it is a very effective way to take those who are in the criminal justice system because of a drug issue—pre-scription drug and heroin issues in par-ticular—and get them into a diversion program where they can get treatment, with the risk of going back to incarcer-ation if they do not stay clean. This is really working well in some of our communities in Ohio. They are also using interesting new techniques, in-cluding a medication called VIVITROL, to keep people off of their addiction. Second, we have just put in place for the first time ever programs for recov-ery support services. Again, in this leg-islation, CARA, we funded long-term recovery. So it is not just a detox cen-ter, not just a treatment center that might be short term, which they usu-ally are, but longer term recovery, in-cluding getting people into sober hous-ing, providing them with people who will support them and encourage them. That, we have found out, keeps people from relapsing and is incredibly power-ful. Third, there has been a grant to em-power States and local governments to help fight this epidemic. This is all-important. It is real progress. But our work is far from done. In fact, there are five more CARA grant programs yet to be implemented. Again, I call on the new administra-tion to do so urgently. I know they are focused on this issue. We just need to get these programs up and going to help our communities right now. Near my hometown of Cincinnati, OH, the Winemiller family of Wayne Township had a pretty tough Christ-mas. They were missing a son and a daughter because of heroin. Over Easter weekend last year, Roger Winemiller found his daughter Heather dead of a heroin overdose in their bath-room. She left behind an 8-year-old son. Then, just 5 days before Christ-mas, Heather’s brother Gene—a father of three children under 18—died of a heroin overdose. Gene started abusing painkillers when he was in his early twenties. He became addicted, and when the pills were too expensive, he switched to heroin, which is cheaper and, really, more accessible. Unfortunately, this is a fairly com-mon story in my home State and around the country. We are told this is how four out of five heroin addicts in the United States started on heroin— prescription drugs. Heather and Gene both got clean sev-eral times. Heather was clean for 3 years before she relapsed and died. These were vibrant people; they loved life. Heather loved gardening, and she was a huge Ohio State Buckeyes fan. Gene loved rock music, hunting, and fishing. But they both made the tragic mistake of trying these drugs, and it changed their lives forever. Gene Winemiller’s funeral took place at Blanchester Church of Christ in Blanchester, OH. I know Blanchester, OH, pretty well. It is a small commu-nity of about 4,000 people. The very next day, there was another funeral in that same church in this small town of 4,000 people for a heroin overdose. As Gene’s dad Roger puts it, ‘‘I can’t em-phasize enough: No one—no one—is im-mune from this epidemic.’’ Unfortunately, he is right. It knows no zip code. It is in the rural areas. It is in the suburban areas. It is certainly in our inner cities. It is everywhere. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.068 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES650 February 2, 2017 
Take Cleveland, in Northeast Ohio, for example. Cleveland medical exam-iner Thomas Gilson said that ‘‘2016 was an unprecedented year.’’ The number of overdoses in Cleveland doubled in 2016 compared to 2015—doubled. Overdoses are happening all over the Cleveland area. More than 150 heroin overdose deaths happened in the city and an-other 150 happened in the suburbs, kind of evenly split. It is everybody, every group, every age group—African Amer-ican, White, Hispanic. Take Dayton, OH, in Southwest Ohio, as another example. In Dayton last year, there were more than 2,500 overdoses, about 7 a day. About half of the victims were men, and about half were women—some in the cities and some in the suburbs, with 60 percent in their thirties and forties and 40 percent who were either younger or older than that. So this is happening all over our State and all over our country—in cit-ies, suburbs, inner cities, and rural areas and to rich and poor, old and young alike. In 2015, Ohio statewide experienced a record 3,050 drug overdose deaths, which is a 20-percent increase from 2014, and more than quadruple the number of overdose deaths in 2000. In 2015, we lost an Ohioan every 3 hours to this epidemic. Sadly, the toll was even higher in 2016. We don’t have the final numbers yet. One of Ohio’s economic assets, of course, is our location. We are cen-trally located. It is great for transpor-tation. They say half of America’s con-sumers are within 1 day’s drive from Cincinnati, Cleveland, and Columbus. Unfortunately, that central location also makes us very vulnerable to drug traffickers. Last year, Ohio State troopers con-fiscated nearly 160 pounds of heroin. Depending on the potency, that could be equivalent to more than $50 mil-lion—or more than 180,000 injections— of heroin. That is nearly triple the amount of heroin seized the year be-fore. The Ohio State Highway Patrol also confiscated a record-level number of illegal painkillers and methamphetamines last year. We have to thank our law enforce-ment officers because they are saving lives every day by keeping this poison out of our communities, certainly, but also helping to reverse the overdoses with this miracle drug called naloxone or Narcan. In 2015, the last year we have numbers for, Narcan was adminis-tered 16,000 times. Think about that: 16,000 people were saved who could have died of an overdose, thanks to our first responders and their professionalism. We don’t have numbers yet for 2016, but, again, it is going to be, unfortu-nately, far higher than that. The Washington Post recently pub-lished a report on the heroin epidemic in Chillicothe, OH, where there were more than 300 overdoses last year, and where a single police officer, Officer Ben Rhodes, says that he used naloxone to reverse an overdose more than 50 times. One church in Chil-licothe, Zion Baptist Church, recently had funerals for three overdose victims in 1 week. I know Chillicothe. It is a small town of about 21,000 people. Heroin and prescription drug pain-killers are flooding our communities to meet a rise in demand. CARA, this leg-islation I talked about, will reduce that demand by increasing access to treatment for those who need it and preventing new addictions from start-ing in the first place through better prevention and education efforts. After CARA became law, I introduced bipartisan legislation to take another step. This is called the Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act, or the STOP Act. Again, it builds on CARA because it helps reduce the supply of drugs coming into our com-munities. Some of the deadliest drugs coming into Ohio are synthetics—drugs such as fentanyl, carfentanil, or U4, essentially synthetic heroin that is made in a lab-oratory somewhere. Guess where these drugs are coming from: overseas. Boy, they are incredibly powerful. Fentanyl can be more than 50 or even 100 times as powerful as heroin. According to the Drug Enforcement Agency, it takes about 2 milligrams to kill you. Carfentanil is even more powerful than that—up to 10,000 times as powerful as morphine. It is so powerful that it is used primarily as a tranquilizer for large animals like elephants. Heroin bought on the street today in Ohio and elsewhere is often laced with these drugs to make it more potent. Roger Winemiller, the Dad I talked about a few moments ago who lost his two kids, compares buying heroin to playing Russian roulette because you never know the potency of the drug that you are buying. Many of these spates of overdoses in our urban areas in Ohio are because of the mix with fentanyl and carfentanil. These fentanyl deaths in Ohio have increased nearly fivefold in the last 3 years. Three years ago we had about 1 in every 20 overdoses in Ohio because of fentanyl. Now it is one in five. We ex-pect it soon to be one in three. You can see where this is going. I talked a minute ago about the traf-ficking of drugs on our interstate high-ways. That is a serious problem, but so is the problem of traffickers shipping these drugs through our mail system to our communities to meet this growing demand. Just yesterday the U.S.-China Com-mission released a report about the trafficking of Chinese fentanyl into this country. The report says: 
The majority of fentanyl products found in the United States originate in China. . . . Chinese law enforcement officials have struggled to adequately regulate the thou-sands of chemical and pharmaceutical facili-ties [laboratories] operating legally and ille-gally in the country, leading to increased production and export of illicit chemicals and drugs. Chinese chemical exporters . . . covertly ship drugs to the Western hemi-sphere. That is from a report just yesterday. Right now these drugs are difficult to detect before it is too late. Part of the reason is that, unlike private carriers such as UPS or FedEx, the Postal Serv-ice does not require information about packages. If you are a private carrier, you have to have electric customs data for packages coming into the country, saying where it is from, what is in it, where it is going. This means the U.S. Postal Service is a more attractive way for traffickers to get these dangerous drugs like fentanyl or carfentanil into our country. It shouldn’t be this way. It doesn’t have to be this way. The STOP Act would close that loop-hole and make the Postal Service re-quire advanced electronic data. Where is it coming from? What is in it? Where is it going? That information on these packages before they cross our borders would be incredibly helpful. It is com-mon sense. It would help stop these dangerous synthetic drugs from being trafficked into the United States, and it would save lives. That is what our law enforcement officials are telling us. I know the scope of this epidemic is daunting. It is in your State of Indi-ana. It is in my State of Ohio. Its con-sequences are hard to even think about because it is about the overdose deaths, but it is far more than that. It is about people not being able to live out their dream. It is about higher costs for law enforcement. It is about crime. It is about our workforce and people not being able to go to work and not being able to find workers who are drug free. It is about so much that affects our communities. Yet there is hope. We have to work here in Congress to continue to pro-mote legislation and policies that will help us to achieve the dream of turning this tide around. The STOP Act that I talked about is going to help keep some of that poison out of our commu-nities and increase the cost of heroin. That is good. These synthetic heroin increases are really concerning. Treatment is incred-ibly important, and it can work. I have met so many people across Ohio who have beaten their addiction—people who are now back on their feet, back with their kids, back with their fami-lies. It is hard, but with treatment and a supportive environment, particularly this longer term recovery, it can be done. Last year I met with Aaron Marks in Columbus, OH, at a conference held by the Ohio Association of County Behav-ioral Health Authorities. Aaron is from Cleveland, a suburb called Beachwood. He began using prescription painkillers as a freshman at Beachwood High School. He was just 13 years old. Again, it is a story that is all too common. Often because of an accident or injury, people start using these pain pills. He was smart, had good grades. He got into the University of Cincinnati, a great school. One day at UC he ran out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.070 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S651 February 2, 2017 
of pills. A fellow student who was liv-ing in the same dorm room offered him something else. He said: It is cheaper; it is called heroin. He tried it. Soon, he had sold vir-tually everything he owned to buy more. Finally, with the help of Glenbeigh treatment center in Cleve-land, OH, Aaron got clean and has stayed that way for more than a dec-ade. Aaron is now a successful manager of business development at American Express. We can have a lot more success sto-ries like Aaron’s if we all engage—all of us. Washington, DC, is not going to solve this problem. It will be solved in our communities. It is going to be solved in our families. It is going to be solved in our hearts. Washington, DC, can play a more constructive role. In passing this legis-lation, it makes sense to give people the tools they need to be able to fight this scourge. The role is put the right policies in place, like the STOP Act, like fully funding treatment, like fully funding CARA in the coming months. We can then bring down the demand for these dangerous drugs, and we can keep these poisons from coming into our communities and build on the progress that Congress has made over the past year. Let’s not let up until we finally turn the tide of this epidemic and begin to save lives. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I want to begin by complimenting my colleague, the Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN . He has been the leader in the U.S. Senate on addressing this issue that literally is impacting every single one of our States—whether it is Ohio or Alaska or Indiana where the Pre-siding Officer is from—and it is a kill-er. The opioid epidemic that is hap-pening is something we all have to work together on, but we have hope, as Senator P
ORTMAN said. I believe we have hope because of communities, be-cause of brave Americans like those he is talking about. We also have hope because of guys like R
OBPORTMAN , and we would be a lot less further along in this country in turning around this epidemic and high-lighting it for Americans if it weren’t for him. I really want to commend my colleague from Ohio. He has done such a great job and is so passionate about this issue. 
TRIBUTE TO ANDREW KURKA  
Mr. President, in the last few weeks I have come to the floor to recognize an exceptional Alaskan—someone who spends time giving back to our commu-nity by sharing their time and talents up north. There are thousands of these people, of course, in my great State, and I would love to recognize every sin-gle one of them. They do so much for all of us. We Senators are not humble about our States. I certainly believe my State is the most beautiful place in America. It is probably the most beau-tiful place in the world. I ask anyone who is watching to come visit us, you will love it—guaranteed. It is the people that make my State so special—kind, generous people, full of rugged determination, full of patri-otism, full of compassion. Many of them are willing to go the extra mile, literally, in some of the most difficult terrain and extreme conditions of the world to help friends and neighbors and use their strength and skills to inspire us all. I wish to tell you a little bit about Andrew Kurka, an extraordinary Alas-kan from Palmer, which is a beautiful community about 45 miles outside of Anchorage. In his younger years, An-drew was a wrestler. He put his heart into it. For his efforts, he was very suc-cessful. He was a six-time Alaska State champion in freestyle and Greco- Roman wrestling. When he was 13, he suffered a spinal cord injury in a four-wheeler accident. His physical therapist urged him to keep going, to keep trying, to stay ac-tive, and actually paid for his first ski-ing lesson with a group called Chal-lenge Alaska, a nonprofit Paralympic sports club. According to an article in the Alaska Dispatch News, Andrew is ‘‘willing to give just about anything a try— bodybuilding, water-skiing, ultra-mar-athon, handcycling.’’ He even raced in the Arctic Man ski and snow machine race in Alaska—a race that is not for the faint of heart. It is one tough race. It is in sit skiing where he truly ex-cels. He has been a longtime member of the U.S. Paralympic team and has won numerous medals. Just last month, he won three medals, including the Gold for the men’s downhill race at the World Para Alpine Championships in Italy—the Gold for the whole world. His accomplishments are amazing enough, but his willingness to serve and be a role model for others is what makes him a true Alaska treasure. He is involved in numerous organizations for great causes, and he travels all across Alaska and the country, visiting with children with medical problems and urging them to dream big the way he has. ‘‘I have spent my life hoping to be an example to others,’’ Andrew said. ‘‘Having the chance and being put in a position where I can make a difference means the world to me.’’ That is An-drew. For his determination against all odds, for his accomplishments, for his compassion, and for making the United States and Alaska proud last month in Italy at the World Para Alpine Cham-pionships, Andrew Kurka is this week’s Alaskan of the Week. Congratulations, Andrew, from all of your supporters. You are a great inspi-ration to all of us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. OPIOID ADDICTION  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the comments of my friend from Alaska—also from Cleveland—and those of my friend from Cincinnati, Senator P
ORTMAN , about opioids. I ap-preciate his leadership in my State, the work he has done, and the work we have done together on opioid addiction. It is a tragedy, and I don’t go much of anywhere in the State without finding someone who is affected, someone who is addicted in a family, or a close friend who has died. As Senator P
ORTMAN said, Ohio has more opioid deaths than any State in the country. We are the seventh largest State, but the State with the most deaths. It is troubling, and clearly we are not dealing with it as well as we should. Mr. President, I rise to close the de-bate on this motion today on the Con-gressional Review Act to wipe out the SEC rule. I rise in opposition to the bill, as a number of colleagues on my side of the aisle have very strong feel-ings on it. With the exception of my friend from Idaho, the chairman of the Banking Committee, there weren’t many Republicans who wanted to come to the floor for this, in part because I think it is just the supporters they have on their side don’t make you want to rush to the floor and support them. Some called this the Kleptocrat Relief Act. I will give you a real quick history before I wrap up. There is a provision in Dodd-Frank to deal with giving the President and others the best anticorruption tools we could have around the world, where countries that have lots of natural re-sources have been countries with all the wealth from natural resources. They are some of the most corrupt gov-ernments with some of the worst pov-erty anywhere on Earth. This legislation in Dodd-Frank, and the rule that came out of it from the SEC, was going a long way to pre-venting corruption. What we saw was the support. Thirty countries in the world followed suit from our country. The companies that were affected, with a few very notable exceptions, were be-ginning to do what they knew they needed to do and should have done and that the rule called for. As a result, we were going in the right direction until this new administration, this new Con-gress. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD relevant letters from investors. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
AUGUST 14, 2013. M
ARYJOWHITE, Chairman, U.S. Securities and Exchange Com-mission, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WHITE: As investors rep-resenting more than US$5.6 trillion in assets under management, we commend the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its leadership in producing final rules for the implementation of Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (Section 1504). The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.071 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES652 February 2, 2017 
rules were carefully considered and reflected investors’ substantial interest in oil, gas and mining industry payment transparency. The SEC’s leadership encouraged the develop-ment of a public global disclosure standard that includes the European Union Trans-parency Directive and regulation under de-velopment in Canada. On July 2, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia made a ruling in Amer-ican Petroleum Institute et al. vs. Securities and Exchange Commission vacating the rules for the implementation of Section 1504 and requiring the Commission to review them. We encourage the SEC to continue its vig-orous defense of the Section 1504 rules as it responds to the’U.S. District Court’s deci-sion. It is in the interest of investors and com-panies subject to both the U.S. and EU re-quirements that the reporting obligations in these jurisdictions are as uniform as pos-sible. Consistent and predictable regulations may lower compliance costs and enhance the salience of disclosures. Therefore, we hope that the SEC will take all necessary steps to ensure that the rules go into effect as early as possible and that they maintain con-tinuity with regulations in other jurisdic-tions. In doing so, the SEC should have due regard to the lengthy deliberations it con-ducted before the promulgation of the rules, and the inputs from diverse constituencies including many investors. Payment disclosure regulations, such as Section 1504 and the European Union Trans-parency Directive, play a critical role in en-couraging greater stability in resource-rich countries, which benefits both the citizens of those countries and investors. The Extrac-tive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) Board Chair Clare Short has stated that mandatory payment disclosure regula-tions would ‘‘strengthen the local account-ability EITI provides.’’ In fact, the latest re-vision of the EITI standard explicitly made project level payment disclosure contingent on alignment with SEC and EU regulation. We encourage the SEC to keep the com-plementary nature of regulations such as Section 1504 and EITI in mind as it considers its response to the U.S. District Court. Investors depend on the SEC’s leadership and deliberate consideration of disclosure re-quirements that protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and fa-cilitate capital formation. We commend the Commission on issuing rules for the imple-mentation of Section 1504 that reflect thor-ough contemplation of these factors and are confident the SEC will continue to act in the interest of investors as it responds to the U.S. District Court’s July 2 ruling in API vs. SEC. 
APRIL 28, 2014. M
ARYJOWHITE, Chair, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, Washington, DC. Re: Section 1504 of the Dodd—Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act D
EARCHAIR WHITE: We write on behalf of the 34 undersigned institutional investors to convey our strong support for the leadership the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion (SEC) has shown in producing final rules for the implementation of Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act [Section 13(q) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934]. This letter follows up on a prior submission made to the SEC on August 14th 2013 on this subject and signed by many of the institutions below. By way of introduction, the signatories of this submission manage assets that collec-tively total more than US$ 6.40 trillion, and our mandate is to deliver sustainable long- term returns to our pensions, insurance and savings clients. It is in this spirit that we wish to contribute our views on the value to investors of improving transparency and governance in the extractives sector through regulations such as Section 1504. We also welcome the parallel submission by Calvert Investment Management et al, and note the common objectives our respective groups of signatories share in promoting high stand-ards of transparency in the extractives sec-tor. We would like to highlight that we have only belatedly become aware of the detailed submission made on April 15, 2014 by the American Petroleum Institute (API) on this subject. Inasmuch as we had produced this statement, and secured approvals from the undersigned institutions, well before having had an opportunity to review the API sub-mission, we wish to draw your attention to a brief supplementary comment that several of our signatories will shortly be submitting by way of parallel submission in order to ad-dress any additional points that are relevant to the API’s arguments. The undersigned signatories strongly sup-port the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI). As such, we not only wel-come the US’s involvement as an EITI Sup-porting Country since the Initiative’s incep-tion in 2003, but are particularly pleased to note its recent admission as an EITI Can-didate Country. We regard the United States’ decision as instrumental in establishing the de facto global standard for transparency in the extractives sector, and see the steady progress being made as a critical factor in helping to reduce volatility in the oil and other vital hard commodity markets, with beneficial impacts on global financial mar-kets and the real economy. In line with our support for the EITI, we also highlight that we regard the mandatory project-level reporting provision contained in Section 1504 as entirely consistent with, and complementary to, the goals of the EFL As such, we wish to underscore the impor-tant revisions made in 2013 to the EITI Standard that aim specifically to ensure convergence with the disclosure standard pi-oneered by Section 1504. These are now echoed in similar legislation already passed by the European Union (Transparency and Accounting Directives) and in progress in Canada (Canadian Mandatory Reporting in the Extractive Sector). In short, Section 1504 started a process that has now been embraced by the world’s other key jurisdictions: where initially it could have placed US listed companies at a commercial disadvantage, this risk has been reduced. As institutions based in numerous international jurisdictions, with both cus-tomers and assets spread around the globe, we welcome this virtuous development, and consider that regulations favouring not only high, but just as importantly, globally con-sistent standards of transparency, are essen-tial to safeguarding the effective functioning of the financial markets. Finally, we highlight that our portfolios have substantial exposure to the global ex-tractives sector, through both equity and fixed income instruments, and that many of the undersigned also invest actively in the sovereign debt of resource-dependent emerg-ing nations whose fiscal governance has a di-rect bearing on the quality of the credits they hold. It is therefore specifically with a view to safeguarding and enhancing our cli-ents’ portfolio returns that we contribute the following comments. Chair White, your fellow SEC Commis-sioner Michael Piwowar has recently been reported to have voiced the concern that Section 1504 may have involved a degree of legislative overreach, by allowing ‘‘special interests, from all parts of the political spec-trum that are trying to co-opt the SEC’s cor-porate disclosure regime to achieve their own objectives.’’ Commissioner Piwowar raises a valid point that merits discussion: as investors whose interests are inextricably bound with the commercial interests of the oil and mining companies in which we in-vest, we wish to clarify that we fully agree that the remit of the SEC is, and should re-main, that of safeguarding the efficient func-tioning of financial markets. We also agree that legislative and regulatory tools aimed at achieving purely social aims properly be-long within instruments other than SEC reg-ulation. However, it is our contention that Section 1504, in line with the broader purpose of the Dodd Frank Act, i.e. mitigating systemic fi-nancial market risk, plays an essential role in containing behaviours related to extrac-tive sector activity that contribute to dam-aging levels of financial and economic insta-bility. As you know, Section 1504 calls for the pro-vision of detailed publicly-available informa-tion regarding payments to government. The purpose of such disclosure is to: a) defuse suspicions by civil society; b) curb the inci-dence of corruption and fiscal mismanage-ment; c) and thereby reduce the social and political risk factors that drive high levels of operating risk in resource-dependent emerg-ing nations. The latter notably exacerbates the volatility and risk in the commodities markets. It is precisely because of its role in helping to counteract these damaging pres-sures that we regard Section 1504 as very much in the interests of investors, and con-sistent with the basic mission of the SEC. Nevertheless, as investors, we are sympa-thetic to the concerns of industry regarding the practical impacts of any new legislation in terms of potential administrative com-plexity and cost burden, particularly in re-spect of companies that operate in multiple jurisdictions. As such, it is imperative that the disclosure regulations introduced by Sec-tion 1504 reflect alignment between the US, EU and Canada—all key jurisdictions for ex-tractive industry issuers. Firstly, this would simplify compliance for extractive compa-nies, particularly for those that already have dual listings. Secondly, it would lift overall transparency standards while deterring less scrupulous issuers from actively seeking out more opaque regulatory regimes. Such ‘forum-shopping’ would not only harm well- governed companies through unfair competi-tion, but expose investors to higher risk, and the general public to greater systemic risk. Our strong interest as investors is there-fore to achieve both consistency across com-peting jurisdictions and high standards, rather than regarding them as necessarily mutually exclusive. In this regard, the moves by the EU and Canada to follow in Dodd Frank 1504’s footsteps signal a clear trend that is now very difficult to reverse: transparency has firmly taken hold, and it would be a mistake to roll backwards. As a large group of diverse investment in-stitutions, we acknowledge that different in-vestors may make greater or lesser use of the granular data produced through such dis-closure for individual stock decision pur-poses, depending on the nature of their port-folios and investment processes. However, while individual investment strategies may differ, we are strongly of the view that dis-closure of the type called for by Section 1504 affords the following benefits to investors: Putting such information in the public do-main is of major indirect benefit to inves-tors, thanks to its impact on the overall quality of the business climate: better trans-parency helps to build trust with the citi-zenry, deter corruption through better scru-tiny of revenues and spending, and reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.044 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S653 February 2, 2017 
the likelihood of contract rescissions. An anonymous compilation of the submissions required by Section 1504 would likely not provide the information necessary to serve this purpose. The value of such a standard lies in its consistent application across all global mar-kets: this means that country exemptions should not be granted in cases where foreign jurisdictions wish to impose secrecy—other-wise, such exemptions, often referred to as the ‘‘tyrant’s veto’’, will merely serve to en-courage such governments to introduce anti- transparency standards, thereby under-mining the very object of this regulation. The impact of such disclosure on competi-tiveness has been overstated, as dem-onstrated by the strong support afforded to Section 1504’s Canadian equivalent by the leading trade associations in the Canadian mining sector (Mining Association of Canada and Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada), and the more nuanced position of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Pro-ducers relative to the American Petroleum Institute. We also note that this information can be easily obtained by purchasing spe-cialist research—which merely ensures that it is available to competitors who can afford to pay, but not to citizens who cannot. More importantly, as investors, we stand to ben-efit more from efficient, competitive mar-kets that enable ethical behaviour than we do from isolated instances of companies gaining a temporary negotiating advantage through secrecy. The impact on companies’ compliance costs should be given due consideration, and we would therefore urge that with regard to the definition of ‘project’, the disclosure framework in Section 1504 be consistent with best practice for disclosing disaggregated production information that references the legal relationship between individual projects and host governments. Such an ap-proach may be modeled on the project-level disclosures that have been developed under the EU Directives and also made by Statoil, the large Norwegian-based international oil company, as well as Tullow Oil, the FTSE100 UK oil company. These base their definition, either implicitly or explicitly, on economic rather than geological entities (so-called ‘payment liability’), which we regard as a cost-efficient way of mirroring internal cor-porate reporting. We recommend a single consistent standard in preference to allowing companies to self-define project boundaries for two reasons: 1) a multiplicity of report-ing standards would cause confusion and drive up compliance costs; 2) flexibility for companies would also risk undermining the aim of the regulation. Such a standard should also require a consistent and reason-able degree of disaggregation, as this would meet the aims of the regulation, namely im-proving fiscal governance at both national and subnational level. In conclusion, we are pleased to signal our strong support for the SEC’s leadership in es-tablishing a mandatory reporting standard in the extractives sector that is complemen-tary to the EITI, aligned with equivalent standards in the EU and Canada, and de-signed pragmatically to deliver the very real benefits that we see coming from enhancing fiscal transparency and accountability in re-source-dependent emerging nations. The SEC has demonstrated great diligence in appre-ciating the changing needs of investors through the implementation of Section 1504. We remain confident that the Commission will see the process through to a conclusion that fulfills its mission and advances the in-terests of all its stakeholders. We thank you for your attention to this submission, and remain at your disposal for any further information or clarification. A PRIL 28, 2014. M
ARYJOWHITE, Chair, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIR WHITE: As investors rep-resenting more than $2.85 trillion in assets under management, we applaud the U.S. Se-curities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its leadership in producing final rules for the implementation of Section 1504 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act [Section 13(q) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934]. The rules the SEC adopted for the implementation of Section 13(q) on August 22, 2012 would protect inves-tors and promote efficient capital markets by providing investors with valuable factual information on risk profiles and company performance. Delay in implementation of these rules or their significant revision would continue to deny investors this valu-able information. The opportunities and challenges of both operating and investing in the oil, gas and mining industries have changed significantly in recent decades as companies have been in-creasingly compelled to explore and produce in countries with challenging governance and business environments, including some with pervasive corruption. We believe that Section 13(q) creates a chance for disclosure requirements to evolve in a manner that re-flects the changing dynamics of these indus-tries. Investors’ decisions regarding the oil, gas and mining industries and the efficient func-tioning of markets in general rely on the public disclosure of relevant information from issuers that is comprehensive and con-sistent. Therefore, we agree with the Com-mission’s August 2012 rules for Section 13(q) that require issuer-by-issuer, government- level, and project-level public disclosures and believe that these are beneficial to in-vestors. Issuers’ annual public Exchange Act re-porting is an indispensable factor for invest-ment decision-making. It must be done on a basis that allows investors to make decisions about the securities of individual issuers. An anonymous compilation of the submissions required by Section 13(q) would likely not provide the information necessary to serve this purpose. It is in the interest of both in-vestors and issuers that the data disclosed pursuant to Section 13(q) maintains consist-ency across each issuer’s operations. Fol-lowing the enactment of Section 13(q), other jurisdictions have responded with com-plementary regulatory efforts, most notably the European Union Accounting and Trans-parency Directives and Canada’s commit-ment to establish mandatory payment trans-parency reporting standards. Consistency with these reporting mandates requires pay-ment information for all countries in which issuers operate, without exception. Section 13(q) and its complementing regu-lations also require project-level disclosure. It would be most beneficial to investors if this disclosure were consistent with best practice for disclosing disaggregated produc-tion information that references the legal re-lationship between individual projects and host governments. Such an approach may be modeled on the project-level disclosures made by Statoil, the large Norwegian-based international oil company, as well as Tullow Oil. The SEC has demonstrated great diligence in appreciating the changing needs of inves-tors through the implementation of Section 13(q). We also welcome the parallel comment submitted by Allianz Global Investors et al., and note the common objectives our respec-tive groups of signatories share in promoting high standards of transparency in the extrac-tives sector. We remain confident that the Commission will see the process through to a conclusion that fulfills its obligations and advances the interests of all parties. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, on one side of this argument, one side of this rule, we see in the end—and this kind of sums it up. We have these 30 coun-tries that followed us and passed the rules and the laws the same as we did. We have on our side, the American Catholic Bishops, the Conference of Bishops, the Presbyterian Church, groups like the One Campaign and Oxfam—public interest groups that made their mission trying to end cor-ruption and deal with the economic and social distress and devastation brought on by some of these companies and some of these kleptomaniacal—for want of a better term—governments. That is on the one side. On the other side, we have my Repub-lican friends in the Senate and House. We have Rex Tillerson, the new Sec-retary of State, who lobbied vigorously and unceasingly against this rule as president of Exxon. We have Exxon on the other side. We have the Chamber of Commerce and the American Petro-leum Institute. And on that side for this bill—against the rule—we have autocrats in places like Russia, Iran, Venezuela. You can bet on this vote to-morrow morning, if 7 a.m. comes out the way it looks like it will, you can bet there will be celebrations in Rus-sia, in Iran, and Venezuela, in all these countries where these kleptocrats, where these leaders who are so corrupt, where they benefited so much. I think that really sums it up, how important it is that we defeat this bill, how important it is that this Presi-dent, who came to town and has been in office less than about 2 weeks, his second week in office—his campaign was all about drain the swamp, and one of the first things he did, with his Re-publican House and Senate Members following along like sheep, they have done this. It is just incredible how they moved so quickly to side with the auto-crats, to side with the Russians, to side with Big Oil, to side with ExxonMobil and these autocrats in places like Iran and Russia. It is not a good com-mentary on this body. I am sorry to see it. I ask my colleagues to vote no. I yield back my time. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I yield back the remaining Republican time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, the major-ity time is yielded back. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of Morning Business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.045 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES654 February 2, 2017 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN SALAMONE ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and service of New Jerseyan John Salamone. John is a World War II veteran, a beloved member of the Lyndhurst community, and an inspiration to many. A native of Hoboken, John Salamone began his service upon enlistment in the U.S. Navy in 1943 at the age of 17. After basic training, he was assigned to the medical corps and deployed to the Pacific Theater on the hospital ship the U.S.S. Haven. John’s service in the Pacific took him to the Battle of Oki-nawa, to the liberation of POWs in the Philippines, and to the destroyed city of Nagasaki. John’s experiences during the war changed him. For several years fol-lowing his return, he used his training to assist others as a volunteer emer-gency medical technician in his com-munity. After seeing the devastation of the atomic bomb released over Naga-saki, John became passionate about sharing his war experiences with others in the hopes that the United States might never again deem atomic war necessary. To this day, he still prays for peace. John is treasured by all who have been fortunate enough to meet him, and thanks to his outgoing and affable nature, almost everyone in the town-ship of Lyndhurst knows him. John is a fixture there: he was a Little League coach, a member of the Elks Lodge and the Knights of Columbus, and a mem-ber of St. Luke’s Roman Catholic Church, where he still attends mass every Sunday, just as he has for more than 50 years. For 68 years, until her death, John was the loving husband of Mary Salamone, and he is the proud fa-ther of Robert Salamone, Maureen Hirsch, and Mary Ann Osgoodby. In his retirement, after a 40-year career in sales with Chemical Bank, John spends his time doting on his seven grand-children and nine great-grandchildren, advocating for the veterans commu-nity, and sharing his unique story as a U.S. Navy corpsman during World War II. John’s remarkable commitment to his community and our Nation is an example for all who seek to serve. It is an honor to formally recognize him for his tremendous contributions to his fellow citizens and thank him for his faithful service.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JOE BILL DEARING ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Joe Bill Dearing, an Arkansan with a big heart who loved to tell a good story and was a legend in Hereford cattle breeding. He passed away on Monday, January 30, 2017, at the age of 88. Joe was born in Harrison, AR. He married his high school sweetheart, Dennie, in 1947, and the couple pursued a career in farming at their Red Robin Farm. Joe came from a family of farmers so his passion for the industry and dedica-tion to his craft came as no surprise. He established a nationally recognized herd of Polled Hereford cattle and be-came an internationally recognized Hereford cattle breeder. This success also earned them the recognition of ‘‘Boone County Family Farm of the Year’’ in 1973. He took his expertise to Montana in 1978 to work in the cattle industry and was active on the national cattle show circuit, winning the award for national champion bull in 1994 and 1995. After his decades of raising cattle, he could still remember in detail his prized animals. He was more than happy to share pictures and stories of his cattle. Joe was a longtime member of the Union Baptist Church where he served as a deacon, church secretary, and treasurer. The Dearings were so kind to my daughters when they were showing cows through 4–H. We spent countless hours with Joe and Dennie traveling all over the country, and we witnessed the great examples of integrity and character that defined their lives. Joe Dearing left a lasting legacy. He was a beloved husband, friend, commu-nity member, and cattle rancher. I was proud to call him my friend, and in fact, he and Dennie always seemed more like family. He will be greatly missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his loved ones during this difficult time.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ALLY MARTIN ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Ms. Ally Martin of Wheatland County, a tough ranch hand with a very bright future. This young lady has flat out excelled in her community. The superintendent of Harlowton Pub-lic Schools said of Ally, ‘‘I have known Ally for her whole life and she has yet to disappoint me.’’ Ally is the oldest of four siblings on a working sheep and cattle ranch not too far from the Musselshell River in central Montana. Anyone who knows the amount dedication and persever-ance it takes to keep this type of fam-ily business running knows that Ally’s achievements in sports, school, and 4–H are remarkable. Ally gets her grit from her family. Her parents would drive 25 miles to take Ally to her part-time job washing dishes and waiting tables at the Crazy Mountain Inn in Martinsdale. From 2013–2015, Ally was recognized as the Wheatland County 4–H ‘‘Grand Champion’’ for her sheep project. Ally meticulously cross-bred Suffolk sheep into her family’s Targhee flock, mak-ing noticeable gains to weaning weight. Some of her 4–H peers even started using her lambs in 4–H as well. Ally has been able to shoulder the demands of the ranch while ranking first in her class academically, earning all-State athletic honors in basketball and track, and participating in student government. Ally commits to whatever she sets her mind to, from ranching to school to sports. Ally broke new ground as the first person from Harlowton High School ap-pointed to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. The number of cadets at West Point will be nearly double the population of Wheatland County. Ally won’t flinch at this. She is not one to seek out comfort, make excuses, or look for shortcuts. She will do what she has always done—wake up when al-most everyone else is still sleeping, focus on the tasks at hand, and simply get the job done. Her exemplary hardwork and leadership will serve our Nation well in the military. Good luck, and Godspeed, Ally; the people of Mon-tana support you.∑ f 
250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MATTATUCK DRUM BAND ∑Mr. MURPHY. I would like to con-gratulate the Mattatuck Drum Band, the oldest continually operating marching band in the Nation, on its 250th anniversary. The Mattatuck Drum Band’s performances have cap-tivated audiences in Connecticut since before the founding of our Nation and deserve recognition for continuing this important musical tradition over so many years. During the marching band’s forma-tive years in the early 1770’s, it was known as the Farmingbury Drum Band. The group performed at Farmingbury church events, where churchgoers were called into services by drumbeat—a common practice for churches without a bell. During the American Revolution, many members of the band served as wartime fifers and drummers, providing military field music for soldiers fighting for Amer-ican independence. Shortly after re-turning home from the war, the band grew in popularity and changed their name to the Wolcott Drum Band. In the 19th century, many band mem-bers continued their service to the military during the War of 1812 and in the Civil War, participating in rallies and recruiting events to ‘‘drum up’’ support for the militia. Following the Civil War, however, many band mem-bers relocated, and interest in the group waned. The group was revived in 1881, when the remaining active mem-bers of the band moved the group to Waterbury and renamed it the Mattatuck Drum Band. The uniform first donned by this group in 1884 is still worn by the Mattatuck Drum Band today. As the band continued into the 20th century, their main purpose shifted from rallying support for the militia to bolstering the morale and feelings of patriotism amongst the public. Al-though many Mattatuck Drum Band members enlisted to serve their coun-try during World War I and World War 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.063 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S655 February 2, 2017 
II, the musicians still found ways to practice and keep the group active. In 1961, the Mattatuck Drum Band trav-elled to Washington to participate in the inaugural parade of President- Elect John F. Kennedy. They received a standing ovation and applause for their performance. Today the Mattatuck Drum Band performs at many parades and celebra-tions, using their powerful drum beats to continue the patriotic tunes and tra-ditions that have inspired so many Americans over generations. I would like to congratulate the Mattatuck Drum Band on their incredible history of service and inspiration. It is my hope that the band continues this in-credible musical tradition for many more years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 4:30 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following joint resolutions, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.J. Res 37. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of De-fense, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration relating to the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation. H.J. Res 40. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Social Security Administra-tion relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 274. A bill to nullify the effect of the re-cent executive order that temporarily re-stricted individuals from certain countries from entering the United States. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. Res. 42. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO for the Committee on Environment and Public Works. Scott Pru-itt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. By Mr. ENZI for the Committee on the Budget. *Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. *Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K ING, Ms. C
OLLINS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. C OCHRAN ): S. 275. A bill to allow the financing by United States persons of sales of agricultural commodities to Cuba; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 276. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to divide the ninth judicial cir-cuit of the United States into 2 circuits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MANCHIN: S. 277. A bill to establish a Rural Tele-communications and Broadband Advisory Committee within the Federal Communica-tions Commission; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 278. A bill to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to provide for innovative re-search and development, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 279. A bill to amend the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 to modify a provi-sion relating to acquisition of beach fill; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 280. A bill to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. LEE: S. 281. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per- country numerical limitation for employ-ment-based immigrants, to increase the per- country numerical limitation for family- sponsored immigrants, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. D AINES , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 282. A bill to promote the development of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. W
YDEN , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. 283. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed vet-erans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. BROWN: S. 284. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent surprise bill-ing practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. BENNET ): S. 285. A bill to ensure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 286. A bill to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colo-rado, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 287. A bill to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds Na-tional Monument; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 288. A bill to require notice and com-ment for certain interpretative rules; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 289. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 290. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a standard home office deduction; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 291. A bill to amend the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 to modify the requirements for membership in the National Security Council and cabinet-level policy forum, and for other purposes; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. 292. A bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. C OONS , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. Y OUNG , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 293. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the deferral of inclusion in gross income for capital gains reinvested in opportunity zones; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 294. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Administration’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manufacturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.043 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES656 February 2, 2017 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): S. 295. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for the appointment of additional Federal circuit judges, to di-vide the Ninth Judicial Circuit of the United States into 2 circuits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): S. 296. A bill to establish a Commission on Structural Alternatives for the Federal Courts of Appeals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. 297. A bill to increase competition in the pharmaceutical industry; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BARRASSO: S. Res. 42. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works; from the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. Res. 43. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 2017 as National Mentoring Month; con-sidered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 54 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 54, a bill to prohibit the creation of an immigration-related registry pro-gram that classifies people on the basis of religion, race, age, gender, ethnicity, national origin, nationality, or citizen-ship. 
S. 56 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Sen-ator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN) and the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) were added as cospon-sors of S. 56, a bill to require each agency to repeal or amend 2 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule. 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Ne-vada (Ms. CORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-peal the excise tax on high cost em-ployer-sponsored health coverage. 
S. 59 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 59, a bill to provide that silencers be treated the same as long guns. 
S. 94 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 94, a bill to impose sanctions in response to cyber intru-sions by the Government of the Rus-sian Federation and other aggressive activities of the Russian Federation, and for other purposes. 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 182 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 182, a bill to provide for the in-clusion of court-appointed guardian-ship improvement and oversight activi-ties under the Elder Justice Act of 2009. 
S. 208 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELL-
ER) was added as a cosponsor of S. 208, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make the Child and De-pendent Care Tax Credit fully refund-able, and for other purposes. 
S. 212 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 212, a bill to provide for the devel-opment of a United States strategy for greater human space exploration, and for other purposes. 
S. 224 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 224, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit taking minors across State lines in circumvention of laws requiring the involvement of par-ents in abortion decisions. 
S. 241 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Geor-gia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 241, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federa-tion of America. 
S. 244 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 244, a bill to repeal the wage require-ment of the Davis-Bacon Act. S. 251 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 251, a bill to repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board in order to ensure that it cannot be used to under-mine the Medicare entitlement for beneficiaries. 
S. 255 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 255, a bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other statutory pay systems and for pre-vailing rate employees by 3.2 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. 264 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 264, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow chari-table organizations to make state-ments relating to political campaigns if such statements are made in ordi-nary course of carrying out its tax ex-empt purpose. 
S. 272 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 272, a bill to enhance the security operations of the Transportation Security Administra-tion and the stability of the transpor-tation security workforce by applying a unified personnel system under title 5, United States Code, to employees of the Transportation Security Adminis-tration who are responsible for screen-ing passengers and property, and for other purposes. 
S. 274 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 274, a bill to nullify the effect of the recent executive order that temporarily re-stricted individuals from certain coun-tries from entering the United States. 
S.J. RES. 1 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 1, a joint resolution ap-proving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on ac-tive duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. 
S.J. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 5, a joint res-olution removing the deadline for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.021 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S657 February 2, 2017 
ratification of the equal rights amend-ment. 
S.J. RES. 9 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 9, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8, of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion relating to the disclosure of pay-ments by resource extraction issuers. 
S.J. RES. 11 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 11, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Pre-vention, Production Subject to Royal-ties, and Resource Conservation’’. 
S.J. RES. 13 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Geor-gia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as cospon-sors of S.J. Res. 13, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by the Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipi-ents in selecting subrecipients. 
S.J. RES. 14 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 14, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Social Security Adminis-tration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. 
S.J. RES. 15 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 15, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management relating to resource management planning. 
S.J. RES. 16 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 16, a joint resolution approv-ing the discontinuation of the process for consideration and automatic imple-mentation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medicare Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act. 
S.J. RES. 19 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. ENZI) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 19, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection relating to prepaid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Truth in Lending Act. 
S. CON. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Con. Res. 6, a concur-rent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 276. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to divide the ninth judicial circuit of the United States into 2 circuits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, one of the most important elements of the rule of law is the promise of swift ac-cess to the courts, but that promise has been broken in my home State of Ari-zona. That is because Arizona falls under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, a cir-cuit that is both oversized and over-worked. With the jurisdiction encompassing 13 districts spread across nine States and 2 U.S. territories, the Ninth Cir-cuit covers 1 in 5 Americans. It hears roughly 12,000 appeals each year. The next busiest circuit doesn’t even hear 9,000, and for the thousands of cases under its consideration, the average turnaround time exceeds 15 months. Now, if excessive delays weren’t bad enough, it turns out the Ninth Circuit is overturned by the Supreme Court 77 percent of the time when the Supreme Court grants cert—77 percent of the time. That is obviously higher than any other court. So not only is the court excruciatingly slow, but in many instances it is simply wrong. The court, itself, is unusually large. It has 29 authorized judgeships. That is 12 more than the next largest circuit. The Ninth Circuit is so big that it can’t even rehear cases as a whole body, like every other appeals court does. Instead, cases are reheard with limited en banc; these are panels of 11 judges each. That means that only one- third of its judges are deciding law for the entire court—only one-third. Of the States suffering under the weight of the Ninth Circuit’s crushing backlog, Arizona shoulders a uniquely heavy burden. Per capita, Arizona has the busiest Federal docket in the cir-cuit. That puts Arizonans at the back of an already long line just to get their day in court. As if the deluge of cases continues to fill the Ninth Circuit’s docket, the line keeps getting longer and longer if you happen to live in Arizona. With problems like these, we are left to ask: Is the Ninth Circuit simply too big to succeed? If you are an Arizonan, the answer is unquestionably yes. Arizonans deserve better, and that is why today I am introducing a bill to break up the Ninth Circuit. With the support of my colleague from Arizona, JOHN MCCAIN, and the support of Gov. Doug Ducey, I have in-troduced the Judicial Administration and Improvement Act. This bill would create a new Twelfth Circuit by mov-ing Arizona, as well as Alaska, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, and Washington, out of the Ninth Circuit. Doing so would create two smaller appellate courts where one dysfunctional court stood, all the while establishing stronger local, regional, and cultural ties. This would help alleviate the Ninth Cir-cuit’s enormous caseload and ensure a more timely and accurate judicial process for both circuits. Now, importantly, the bill would also free the new circuit from the Ninth Circuit’s precedent. That means States like Arizona would be able to chart their own legal course, consistent with their local needs and traditions. A fair and functioning judiciary is one of the pillars of our democracy. Ge-ography shouldn’t limit a citizen’s ac-cess to the courts. The Judicial Administration and Im-provement Act will right this wrong by restoring faith in our judicial system and securing the access to Justice that Americans deserve. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 278. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for in-novative research and development, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, in recent years we have seen the inability of the Federal Government to quickly adapt to changing technology and emerging threats. In June of 2015 the Office of Personnel Management, OPM, was in-filtrated with a major cyber breach, af-fecting more than 22 million current and former Federal employees, includ-ing myself. In January of 2016, another nearly half a million Americans had their social security numbers stolen when the Internal Revenue Service was hacked. I spent 28 years in the private sector, 12 years with a global cloud computing company. We faced cyber threats daily, and our customers expected security of their data. We delivered, not once was our data compromised. Until I came to the Federal Government and received the letters from OPM, my data had been secured too. I know firsthand that industry has the talent and incentive to keep their information systems secure. The Fed-eral Government should continue to in-novate and utilize industries’ expertise and learn from their best practices. That is why I am introducing the Support for Rapid Innovation Act. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.023 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES658 February 2, 2017 
legislation will extend the authoriza-tion for the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to carry out innovative research and development projects that will en-hance our Nation’s cyber security. It will focus efforts on developing more secure information systems, tech-nologies for detecting and containing attacks in real-time, and develop cyber forensics to identify perpetrators. This will be done by leveraging private sec-tors’ innovation and ingenuity. I want to thank Senator W
ARNER for being an original cosponsor of this bill and Representative R
ATCLIFFE of Texas for leading introduction of companion legislation in the House of Representa-tives. I ask my Senate colleagues to join us in support of this important legislation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 278 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) C YBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 321. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support the re-search, development, testing, evaluation, and transition of cybersecurity technologies, including fundamental research to improve the sharing of information, information se-curity, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, con-sistent with current law. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The research and devel-opment supported under subsection (a) shall serve the components of the Department and shall— ‘‘(1) advance the development and accel-erate the deployment of more secure infor-mation systems; ‘‘(2) improve and create technologies for detecting and preventing attacks or intru-sions, including real-time continuous diagnostics, real-time analytic technologies, and full lifecycle information protection; ‘‘(3) improve and create mitigation and re-covery methodologies, including techniques and policies for real-time containment of at-tacks, and development of resilient networks and information systems; ‘‘(4) support, in coordination with non-Fed-eral entities, the review of source code that underpins critical infrastructure informa-tion systems; ‘‘(5) assist the development and support in-frastructure and tools to support cybersecu-rity research and development efforts, in-cluding modeling, testbeds, and data sets for assessment of new cybersecurity tech-nologies; ‘‘(6) assist the development and support of technologies to reduce vulnerabilities in in-dustrial control systems; ‘‘(7) assist the development and support cyber forensics and attack attribution capa-bilities; ‘‘(8) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of full information lifecycle security technologies to enhance protection, control, and privacy of information to detect and prevent cybersecurity risks and inci-dents; ‘‘(9) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of information security measures, in addition to perimeter-based protections; ‘‘(10) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of technologies to detect im-proper information access by authorized users; ‘‘(11) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of cryptographic tech-nologies to protect information at rest, in transit, and in use; ‘‘(12) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of methods to promote greater software assurance; ‘‘(13) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of tools to securely and automatically update software and firmware in use, with limited or no necessary inter-vention by users and limited impact on con-currently operating systems and processes; and ‘‘(14) assist in identifying and addressing unidentified or future cybersecurity threats. ‘‘(c) COORDINATION .—In carrying out this section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate activities with— ‘‘(1) the Under Secretary appointed pursu-ant to section 103(a)(1)(H); ‘‘(2) the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, as appropriate; and ‘‘(3) industry and academia. ‘‘(d) T
RANSITION TO PRACTICE .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support projects carried out under this title through the full life cycle of such projects, including research, development, testing, evaluation, pilots, and transitions. The Under Secretary shall identify mature tech-nologies that address existing or imminent cybersecurity gaps in public or private infor-mation systems and networks of information systems, protect sensitive information with-in and outside networks of information sys-tems, identify and support necessary im-provements identified during pilot programs and testing and evaluation activities, and in-troduce new cybersecurity technologies throughout the homeland security enterprise through partnerships and commercialization. The Under Secretary shall target Federally funded cybersecurity research that dem-onstrates a high probability of successful transition to the commercial market within two years and that is expected to have a no-table impact on the public or private infor-mation systems and networks of information systems. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given such term in section 227. ‘‘(2) H
OMELAND SECURITY ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘homeland security enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, in-cluding Federal, State, local, and tribal gov-ernment officials, private sector representa-tives, academics, and other policy experts. ‘‘(3) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘incident’ has the meaning given such term in section 227. ‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-formation system’ has the meaning given such term in section 3502(8) of title 44, United States Code. ‘‘(5) S
OFTWARE ASSURANCE .—The term ‘soft-ware assurance’ means confidence that soft-ware— ‘‘(A) is free from vulnerabilities, either in-tentionally designed into the software or ac-cidentally inserted at any time during the lifecycle of the software; and ‘‘(B) functioning in the intended manner.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to second section 319 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 321. Cybersecurity research and devel-opment.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 831 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking the last sentence; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
RIOR APPROVAL .—In any case in which the head of a component or office of the Department seeks to utilize the author-ity under this section, such head shall first receive prior approval from the Secretary by providing to the Secretary a proposal that includes the rationale for the utilization of such authority, the funds to be spent on the use of such authority, and the expected out-come for each project that is the subject of the use of such authority. In such a case, the authority for evaluating the proposal may not be delegated by the Secretary to anyone other than the Under Secretary for Manage-ment.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall annu-ally submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the projects for which the authority granted by subsection (a) was utilized, the rationale for such utili-zations, the funds spent utilizing such au-thority, the extent of cost-sharing for such projects among Federal and non-Federal sources, the extent to which utilization of such authority has addressed a homeland se-curity capability gap or threat to the home-land identified by the Department, the total amount of payments, if any, that were re-ceived by the Federal Government as a re-sult of the utilization of such authority dur-ing the period covered by each such report, the outcome of each project for which such authority was utilized, and the results of any audits of such projects.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall de-velop a training program for acquisitions staff on the utilization of the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) to ensure account-ability and effective management of projects consistent with the Program Management Improvement Accountability Act (Public Law 114–264) and the amendments made by such Act.’’. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 288. A bill to require notice and comment for certain interpretative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.029 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S659 February 2, 2017 
rules; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 288 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRING NOTICE AND COMMENT FOR CERTAIN INTERPRETATIVE RULES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 551— (A) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (14), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) ‘longstanding interpretative rule’ means an interpretative rule that has been in effect for not less than 1 year; and ‘‘(16) ‘revise’ means, with respect to an in-terpretative rule, altering or otherwise changing any provision of a longstanding in-terpretative rule that conflicts, or is in any way inconsistent with, any provision in a subsequently promulgated interpretative rule.’’; and (2) in section 553— (A) in subsection (b)(A), by striking ‘‘inter-pretative rules’’ and inserting ‘‘an interpre-tative rule of an agency, unless the interpre-tative rule revises a longstanding interpreta-tive rule of the agency’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘inter-pretative rules’’ and inserting ‘‘an interpre-tative rule of an agency, unless the interpre-tative rule revises a longstanding interpreta-tive rule of the agency,’’. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 292. A bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am pleased to be joined by Senators C
AP-
ITO, VANHOLLEN , and I SAKSON in the introduction of the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research, STAR, Act of 2017. This leg-islation is an extension of ongoing bi-partisan efforts in the Senate over the past decade to get us closer to the goal of hopefully one day curing cancers in children, adolescents, and young adults. Representatives M
CCAUL, S
PEIER , KELLY , and B UTTERFIELD are introducing the companion legislation in the other body. I first started working on this issue after meeting the Haight family from Warwick, Rhode Island in June of 2004. Nancy and Vincent lost their son, Ben, when he was just nine years old to neu-roblastoma, a very aggressive tumor in the brain. With the strong support of families like the Haights for increased research into the causes of childhood cancers and improved treatment options, I in-troduced bipartisan legislation that eventually was signed into law in 2008 as the Caroline Pryce Walker Conquer Childhood Cancer Act. This was an important step. Yet, more work remains. The STAR Act seeks to advance pediatric cancer re-search and child-focused cancer treat-ments, while also improving childhood cancer surveillance and providing re-sources for survivors and those im-pacted by childhood cancer. If a treatment is working, doctors elsewhere should know immediately. The same should happen if a treatment isn’t working, or if other major med-ical events occur during the course of a particular treatment. It is critical that doctors, nurses, and other providers are able to effectively communicate infor-mation about the disease, the treat-ment process, and what other health and development impacts children can expect to experience with a particular course of treatment. As such, the STAR Act would reau-thorize the Caroline Pryce Walker Con-quer Childhood Cancer Act, creating a comprehensive children’s cancer bio-repository for researchers to use in searching for biospecimens to study and would improve surveillance of childhood cancer cases. This legislation also includes provi-sions dealing with issues that arise for survivors of childhood cancer. Unfortu-nately, even after beating cancer, as many as two-thirds of childhood cancer survivors are likely to experience at least one late effect of treatment; as many as one-fourth experience a late effect that is serious or life-threat-ening, including second cancers and organ damage. We must do more to ensure that chil-dren survive cancer and any late ef-fects so they can live a long, healthy, and productive life. This legislation would enhance research on the late ef-fects of childhood cancers, improve col-laboration among providers so that doctors are better able to care for this population as they age, and establish a new pilot program to begin to explore improved models of care for childhood cancer survivors. Lastly, this bill would ensure more pediatric expertise at the National In-stitutes of Health to better leverage the research investment to improve pe-diatric cancer research by requiring the inclusion of at least one pediatric oncologist on the National Cancer Ad-visory Board and improving childhood health reporting requirements to in-clude pediatric cancer. Last year, Senator C
APITO and I were able to get a provision of this bill in-cluded in the 21st Century CURES Act, which was signed into law at the end of the year. That provision will provide some clarity for patients and their physicians attempting to access new drugs and therapies from pharma-ceutical companies. When a patient has run out of other options, the last thing they and their families need is to spend months being given the run-around trying to access a potential treatment. I am hopeful that we can build on this momentum. Indeed, it was heart-ening to see the House of Representa-tives pass the Childhood Cancer STAR Act as one of its last acts of the 114th Congress by a unanimous vote. While, the Senate was unable to follow suit as time ran out at the end of the year, HELP Committee Chairman ALEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY  have committed to working with Sen-ator C
APITO and me to move the legis-lation this year. The Childhood Cancer STAR Act has the support of the American Cancer So-ciety Cancer Action Network, St. Baldrick’s Foundation, and Children’s Oncology Group, among others. I look forward to our continued work with these stakeholders to build support for the bill and with the HELP Committee to see this bill advance through the legislative process. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 42—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS Mr. BARRASSO submitted the fol-lowing resolution; from the Committee on Environment and Public Works; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 42 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Environment and Public Works (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2019, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,060,871, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $4,666 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $1,166 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.028 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES660 February 2, 2017 
(b) E XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $5,247,208, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $8,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $2,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,186,337, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $3,334 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $834 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 43—RECOG-NIZING JANUARY 2017 AS NA-TIONAL MENTORING MONTH Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 43 Whereas, in 2002, the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and MENTOR: the National Mentoring Partnership established National Mentoring Month; Whereas 2017 is the 15th anniversary of Na-tional Mentoring Month; Whereas the goals of National Mentoring Month are— (1) to raise awareness of mentoring; (2) to recruit individuals to mentor; and (3) to encourage organizations to engage and integrate quality in mentoring into the efforts of the organizations; Whereas young people across the United States make everyday choices that lead to the big decisions in life without the guidance and support on which many other people rely; Whereas a mentor is a caring, consistent presence who devotes time to a young person to help that young person— (1) discover personal strength; and (2) achieve the potential of that young per-son through a structured and trusting rela-tionship; Whereas quality mentoring— (1) encourages positive choices; (2) promotes self-esteem; (3) supports academic achievement; and (4) introduces young people to new ideas; Whereas mentoring programs have shown to be effective in combating school violence and discipline problems, substance abuse, in-carceration, and truancy; Whereas research shows that young people who were at risk for not completing high school but who had a mentor were, as com-pared with similarly situated young people without a mentor— (1) 55 percent more likely to be enrolled in college; (2) 81 percent more likely to report partici-pating regularly in sports or extracurricular activities; (3) more than twice as likely to say they held a leadership position in a club or sports team; and (4) 78 percent more likely to pay it forward by volunteering regularly in their commu-nities; Whereas 90 percent of young people who were at risk for not completing high school but who had a mentor said they are now in-terested in becoming mentors themselves; Whereas mentoring can play a role in help-ing young people attend school regularly, as research shows that students who meet regu-larly with a mentor are, as compared with the peers of those students— (1) 52 percent less likely to skip a full day of school; and (2) 37 percent less likely to skip a class; Whereas youth development experts agree that mentoring encourages smart daily be-haviors, such as finishing homework, having healthy social interactions, and saying no when it counts, that have a noticeable influ-ence on the growth and success of a young person; Whereas mentors help young people set ca-reer goals and use the personal contacts of the mentors to help young people meet in-dustry professionals and train for and find jobs; Whereas all of the described benefits of mentors serve to link youth to economic and social opportunity while also strengthening the fiber of communities in the United States; and Whereas, despite the described benefits, 9,000,000 young people in the United States feel isolated from meaningful connections with adults outside their homes, consti-tuting a ‘‘mentoring gap’’ that demonstrates a need for collaboration and resources: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes January 2017 as National Mentoring Month; (2) recognizes the caring adults who— (A) serve as staff and volunteers at quality mentoring programs; and (B) help the young people of the United States find inner strength and reach their full potential; (3) acknowledges that mentoring is bene-ficial because mentoring encourages edu-cational achievement and self-confidence, re-duces juvenile delinquency, improves life outcomes, and strengthens communities; (4) promotes the establishment and expan-sion of quality mentoring programs across the United States to equip young people with the tools needed to lead healthy and produc-tive lives; and (5) supports initiatives to close the ‘‘men-toring gap’’ that exists for the many young people in the United States who do not have meaningful connections with adults outside their homes. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 190. Mr. CRAPO (for Mr. C RUZ(for him- self and Mr. N
ELSON )) proposed an amend-ment to the resolution S. Res. 27, honoring the life and achievements of Eugene A. ‘‘Gene’’ Cernan. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 190. Mr. CRAPO (for Mr. C
RUZ(for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 27, honoring the life and achievements of Eugene A. ‘‘Gene’’ Cernan; as fol-lows: 
In the 12th whereas clause of the preamble, strike ‘‘2016’’ and insert ‘‘2017’’. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my team member, Patrick Drupp, be granted privileges of the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND ACHIEVEMENTS OF EUGENE A. ‘‘GENE’’ CERNAN Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 27. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 27) honoring the life and achievements of Eugene A. ‘‘Gene’’ Cernan. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to; that the Cruz amendment to the preamble be agreed to; that the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.032 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S661 February 2, 2017 
considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 27) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 190) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) In the 12th whereas clause of the preamble, strike ‘‘2016’’ and insert ‘‘2017’’. 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 27 Whereas Gene Cernan was born on March 14, 1934, in Chicago, Illinois, was raised in the suburban towns of Bellwood and Maywood, and graduated from Proviso Township High School; Whereas Gene Cernan began his career as a basic flight trainee in the United States Navy; Whereas Gene Cernan was one of fourteen astronauts selected by NASA in October 1963 to participate in the Gemini and Apollo pro-grams; Whereas Gene Cernan was the second American to have walked in space having spanned the circumference of the world twice in a little more than 2
1⁄2hours in 1966 during the Gemini 9 mission; Whereas Gene Cernan served as the lunar module pilot for Apollo 10 in 1969, which was referred to as the ‘‘dress rehearsal’’ for Apol-lo 11’s historic landing on the Moon; Whereas Gene Cernan was commander of Apollo 17 in 1972, during the last human mis-sion to the Moon; Whereas Gene Cernan maintains the dis-tinction of being the last man to have left his footprints on the surface of the Moon; Whereas Gene Cernan was one of the three men to have flown to the Moon on two occa-sions; Whereas Gene Cernan logged 566 hours and 15 minutes in space, of which more than 73 hours were spent on the surface of the Moon; Whereas Gene Cernan and the crew of Apollo 17 set records that still stand today, for longest manned lunar landing flight, longest lunar surface extra vehicular activi-ties, largest lunar sample return, and longest time in lunar orbit; Whereas Gene Cernan retired from the Navy after 20 years and ended his NASA ca-reer in July 1976; and Whereas, on January 16, 2017, Gene Cernan passed away in Houston, Texas, leaving be-hind a vibrant history of space exploration and advocacy for NASA, a legacy of inspiring young people to ‘‘dream the impossible’’, and a documentary that encourages continual human space exploration: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate honors the life of Gene Cernan, a Naval aviator, fighter pilot, electrical engineer, and the last astronaut to walk on the Moon. f NATIONAL MENTORING MONTH Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 43, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 43) recognizing Janu-ary 2017 as National Mentoring Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 43) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 2017 Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 6:30 a.m., Friday, February 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.J. Res. 41, with no debate time remaining; finally, that following the disposition of H.J. Res. 41, the Sen-ate vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the DeVos nomination, rule XXII notwithstanding. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 6:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:06 p.m., adjourned until Friday, February 3, 2017, at 6:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.076 S02FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE129 February 2, 2017 
100TH BIRTHDAY OF DOLORES BELLUCCI CONTES 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th Birthday of Brooklyn’s Do-lores Bellucci Contes. Dolores was born on February 19, 1917, and has been a resident of Bay Ridge, Brook-lyn for over 80 years. In fact, she has lived at the same address since 1950. In 1951, after her husband’s sudden death, she was wid-owed at the age of 33. Despite her grief, she demonstrated strength and temerity by becom-ing a working mother in order to support her children. Dolores got remarried in 1961 to her late husband, George Contes, with whom she spent 50 joyous years. I cannot emphasize enough Dolores’ deter-mination and wisdom. She owned a local small business, ‘‘Nail Elegance,’’ for many years. Moreover, the fact that she worked until the age of 91 is simply astounding. It takes a special kind of person to have the kind of dedication and work ethic that Dolores has had her entire life. Mr. Speaker, I wish Dolores Bellucci Contes a very happy 100th birthday. Simply put, peo-ple like Dolores are what make Brooklyn great. She has truly lived a life worth living, and I am honored to represent her in Con-gress. 
f 
HONORING THE PASSING OF M
CCABE, MARSHALL EDWARD, MD, MG, U.S. ARMY (RETIRED) 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the passing of Marshall Edward, MD, MG, U.S. Army (Retired). MG McCabe passed peacefully at his home in Richmond, VA on January 29, 2017 at the remarkable age of 93. He is survived by his wife of 70 years, Alice Keshian McCabe, and their three children, Malanie McCabe, Dr. Marshal E. McCabe and Allison McCabe O’Brien, their grandchildren, Kathryn O’Brien Holder, Gregory Boehling O’Brien, their great grandchildren, Taylor Alice Holder, Cooper Ian and Callan Edward Cox, and Baby O’Brien arriving in 2017. MG McCabe was a highly decorated Army Doctor who was first called to active duty in 1948 at the 97th General Hospital in occupied Germany. In 1953, he applied for and was tendered a Regular Army commission where he completed his residency in Internal Medi-cine at Walter Reed General Hospital. In 1964, he was assigned as Chief Medical Con-sultant in the office of the Surgeon General U.S. Army (OTSG) Washington. In 1972, he was promoted to Brigadier General and as-signed as the first chief of staff of the newly established U.S. Army Health Services Com-mand, which assumed operation control of most Army medical personnel for the Western hemisphere. In 1975, he was promoted to Major General and assumed Command of the U.S. Army Medical Command, Europe in Ger-many. Before he retired in 1980 after serving 35 illustrious years in the Army, MG McCabe served as Commander of the U.S. Army Health Services Command where he com-manded over 49,000 personnel and over 80 direct reporting subordinate commands. MG McCabe or ‘‘Pard’’ as he was known by those close, was a loving husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather who loved spending time with his family. I am grateful to have known MG McCabe and am thankful for his loyal patriotism and selfless service to his country. MG McCabe will be dearly missed by his family and friends and the Country sends its greatest gratitude for his time to the U.S. Army. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE LIZETTE PARKER 
HON. JOSH GOTTHEIMER 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the Hon-orable Lizette Parker—a fearless community leader and a devoted public servant. She is greatly missed by the people of Teaneck, New Jersey, who benefitted immeasurably from her involvement in the community and dedication as their mayor and people across Bergen County and the state whose lives she im-proved. Mayor Parker was committed to a life of service to those around her. She began her career as a social worker, and she eventually earned seats on the Bergen County Board of Social Services and the Teaneck Town Coun-cil. In these roles, she established herself as a force for economic and social justice, tack-ling issues pertinent to families and youth such as poverty, housing, health care, and re-spect and appreciation for diversity. In July of 2014, she became the first African-American to serve as Mayor of Teaneck—a watershed accomplishment for the community. As a tena-cious advocate for the people of Bergen County, Mayor Parker earned recognition from the Girl Scouts of America, the NAACP, and the Urban League, among other impressive honors. Mayor Parker’s passion and leadership in-spired residents young and old, and her life left a lasting impact on the Teaneck commu-nity. I am grateful that the scholarship program she established will be continued in her name by her family—a fitting testament to her admi-rable efforts to improve the lives of young peo-ple in Bergen County. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for Mayor Park-er’s contributions to our community, and I am optimistic that her spirit will continue to live on in the hearts of those who she served. f 
CONGRATULATING CAPTAIN BILL PFISTER ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Captain William ‘‘Bill’’ Pfister on his retirement and honor him for his over fifty years of service to our country as a member of the U.S. Navy and a key leader in our na-tion’s shipbuilding industry. Bill Pfister graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1962, and he went on to serve in the Navy for 27 years. Among his many honors, he is a recipient of the U.S. Navy Legion of Merit Award and several Meri-torious Service Medals. He retired from the Navy in 1989 and continued to support the Navy through his work on various shipbuilding projects. He was ‘‘employee negative one’’ for Austal USA and helped select the Mobile, Alabama site. During his years at Austal, he has over-seen the impressive construction and expan-sion of a first-class shipbuilding operation. To put it simply: Bill took a green field and built it into the Austal of today. Austal USA is now the largest private sector employer in Alabama’s First Congressional District, employing over 4,000 people. Much of the success and growth at Austal is because of Bill Pfister’s hard work, vision, dedication, and leadership. Bill has also taken an active role in our local community through involvement in civic clubs and organizations including the Partners for Environmental Progress, the local Navy League chapter, Mobile Baykeeper, Propeller Club, and the Military Officers Association of America. Like a true sailor, Bill also enjoys spending time boating on Mobile Bay. Mr. Speaker, Bill Pfister has poured his heart and soul into the success of Austal USA and the overall mission of the United States Navy. So, on behalf of Alabama’s First Con-gressional District, I wish Bill and his wife, Sally, all the best upon his retirement. Our na-tion will be forever grateful for his service and sacrifice. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR RAYMOND LAWRENCE SULLIVAN, JR., M.D. ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, Raymond Law-rence Sullivan, Jr., was born in San Francisco 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.001 E02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE130 February 2, 2017 
on October 4, 1942. He was the second of six children and grew up in San Francisco and Hillsborough. He has three living siblings, Phil-lip Sullivan, Mary Sullivan Ward and Mother Agnes of the Cross, CJM. Larry was educated at St. Catherine’s Grammar School in Burlingame, Bellarmine College Prep in San Jose, the University of San Francisco, and the UCSF Medical School. He did his residency in Anesthesiology at Stanford, and served our country in the U.S. Navy Medical Corps from 1968 to 1970. Larry married Victoria Growney on August 13, 1966. Together they have raised three magnificent children: Larry Sullivan III; Kasey Sullivan Bradstreet, JD; Loretta Sullivan Chang, MD; Brian Sullivan; and Jason Lally, their foster child who is part of their extended family. Their four grandchildren, Liam, Andrew and Thomas Chang, and Oscar Bradstreet bring them untold joy. Dr. Sullivan joined the medical staff of O’Connor Hospital as an anesthesiologist in 1975 and has served there until his retirement. From 1982 to 1988 he served as Clinical As-sistant Professor of Anesthesia at Stanford University School of Medicine. At O’Connor Hospital he was Anesthesia Department Chair, a member of the Critical Care Committee, President of the Medical Staff, Member of the Hospital’s Board of Directors, and Chair of the Medical Staff Advisory Committee. He was honored in 2011 with the Vincentian Spirit Award given by O’Connor Hospital. Dr. Sullivan has given generously of his time and talents to his professional community as a member of the Santa Clara County Med-ical Association, the American Medical Asso-ciation, The California Society of Anesthesiol-ogists, the American Society of Anesthesiol-ogists (CSA) and the California Medical Asso-ciation. From 1997 to 2006 he served on a Specialty Delegation to the CMA House of Delegates and received the Distinguished Service Award from the CSA in 2009. Larry served as a referee and coach of the American Youth Soccer Association in Palo Alto, and was Scoutmaster of Troop 57, Stan-ford Area Council, where he guided 35 Scouts to Eagle Scout rank. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring an extraordinary physician, a de-voted son, husband, father, grandfather, vital member of our community, and a treasured personal friend. Larry Sullivan is a man of in-tegrity and he lives a life instructed by his faith. I have never met a finer human being or a finer family. How proud I am to call them my friends and to have the privilege of rep-resenting them. I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in wishing my dear friend Larry, a great and good man, and his devoted wife Vicky, every blessing that retire-ment has to offer. 
f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN THOMAS JEFFERSON BARLOW III 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Thomas Jefferson Barlow III, a former member of this honorable body, who died Tuesday January 31, 2017, at the age of 76. Mr. Barlow, a Democrat, represented the citizens of Kentucky’s 1st Congressional Dis-trict from January 3, 1993, until January 3, 1995. He was not a typical politician. In 1992, he defeated a nine-term incumbent in what was one of the country’s biggest upsets of that political cycle. He was outspent in that cam-paign by more than 4 to 1 and won because of his hard work and downhome, face-to-face campaign style. He narrowly lost his reelection bid in the Republican wave of 1994. Mr. Barlow was a tremendous public servant who had a positive impact on thousands of people. He was dedicated to making lives bet-ter but never sought fame or glory. He got sat-isfaction out of having his voice heard and in-fluencing public policy. He was born in Washington, D.C., but his family roots ran deep in Ballard County, Ky., where his ancestor and name sake, Thomas Jefferson Barlow, was an original settler in the town of Barlow. He grew up in Chevy Chase, Maryland and graduated from Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C. He received a de-gree in history from Haverford College near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In his political career and private life, he worked tirelessly to help the less fortunate, create jobs, improve the environment and im-prove education. His professional career in-cluded work in state government, as a busi-ness executive, a banker and as a consultant for the Natural Resources Council from 1972 until 1983 when he returned to his family roots in western Kentucky. Although he lost his reelection bid in 1994, he was not discouraged and continued to make his voice heard by running additional races for the House and the U.S. Senate. In fact, Mr. Speaker, he used the same vehicle in all of his campaigns and its speedometer topped 400,000 miles when it finally wore out after 13 years. He was always outspoken and stood up for that he felt was right, even if it was in opposition to the views of his political party. He lived with his wife of 28 years, Shirley Pippin Barlow, in Paducah, Kentucky, where he was a former director of the River City Mis-sion, which helped homeless get on their feet, and the Lone Oak Kiwanis Club. He also was an active member of Grace United Methodist Church in La Center, Kentucky. In addition to his wife, he is survived by a daughter, Allison Barlow Ochshorn of New York; a son, Thomas J. Barlow IV of Michigan; grandchildren, Nora Barlow and Rose Barlow who live in England, Tessa Ochshorn and Sarah Ochshorn both of New York; a sister, Henrietta Friedholm of Michigan; a brother, William Barlow of Colorado; step-children, Gerri Clark of Paducah, Elaine Duke of Ten-nessee, Edward Yancy of Kentucky; step- grandchildren, Chad Clark of Kentucky, Bran-don Duke of Tennessee, Eliza Clark of Ken-tucky, and Wesley Duke of Tennessee. Funeral services will be held at 2 p.m. Sat-urday at Milner & Orr Funeral Home and Cre-mation Services of Paducah, Kentucky, with Rev. Jamie Curtis and Pastor Charles Moore officiating. Burial will follow at Woodlawn Me-morial Gardens. Visitation will begin at 10 a.m. Saturday at the funeral home. HONORING VALERIE SALMONS ON 35 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE VILLAGE OF BARTLETT HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a distinguished public servant from the Illinois’s 6th Congressional District. Valerie Salmons has dedicated many years to her community, including 35 years with the Village of Bartlett. Valerie’s service is not limited to Bartlett, as she has made many positive im-pacts throughout the greater Chicago area. In 1982, Valerie was hired by the Village of Bartlett as their first full-time Village Adminis-trator. Since then, the Village’s population has grown three fold and is now considered home by more than 30,000 people. The Village’s growth did not stop there. Along with an in-creasing population, the Village has doubled its size from eight to almost sixteen square miles. She has been an asset to numerous presidents, managers, and board members, who have been a part of Bartlett Village Hall. Current Village President Kevin Wallace noted Valerie’s leadership was ‘‘very comforting’’ saying, ‘‘She has been a wonderful Village Ad-ministrator, and the proof is in the way the Vil-lage operates’’. While working full time to serve her commu-nity, Valerie fostered economic development and broadened Bartlett’s commercial tax base. She has helped lead the municipal staff with major changes to the downtown, and was a major force behind the many successful com-mercial projects, such as the Brewster Creek Business Park, Bluff City Industrial Park and Blue Heron Business Park. She also played an essential role in the development of parks, playgrounds, athletic fields and bike paths, while always practicing careful fiscal manage-ment. In addition to her work for Bartlett, Valerie was the first woman appointed to the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board in 1990. Former Gov. Jim Thompson initially named Valerie, and five Illinois gov-ernors have reappointed her since. She was also the first woman elected to serve as the board’s chairwoman. Through hard work and no small amount of perseverance, Valerie has helped countless people and tremendously improved her com-munity. Distinguished Members, please join me in congratulating Valerie on 35 years of service and wish her well in retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANGELA PLOWMAN’S 30 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize a local attorney in Virginia’s 10th District, Angela Plowman, who will be de-parting from her position as Town Attorney of Middleburg. For nearly 20 years, Mrs. Plow-man has served Loudoun County and the Mid-dleburg community, serving both as an Assist-ant County Attorney and as a Town Attorney for the Middleburg Town Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.005 E02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE131 February 2, 2017 
She began her career in Loudoun County in 1999 as an Assistant County Attorney. In this position, she was responsible for handling a wide range of legal affairs and provided legal guidance to county attorneys and council members. Given her strong work ethic and dedication to her community and the law, Mrs. Plowman became the Town Attorney for the Middleburg Town Council in 2012. In this role, she worked in close collaboration with the town council and represented Middleburg’s in-terests thoroughly. In addition to practicing law, Mrs. Plowman has exemplified her dedication to our Loudoun County community by serving in a leadership role as a board member of the Loudoun Habi-tat for Humanity—an organization that builds homes for those who are in need in the 10th District. Mrs. Plowman lives in Loudoun along with her husband Jim, our Commonwealth Attorney for Loudoun County, and their three children. She will continue to practice law in the area and plans to remain very involved in local af-fairs. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Mrs. Plowman’s years of public service. Today, we honor and cele-brate the contributions she has made to the town and all its citizens. I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING WILTON A. LANNING 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Wilton A. Lanning of Waco, Texas, who upon his retirement from the Waco Business League, received the Waco Business League Lifetime Achievement Award. This award was established in 2009 to honor individuals in the Waco community that embody the exemplary ideals and values of society, and have had a substantial impact on the community. As Executive Director of the Waco Business League, Wilton Lanning utilized his wealth of experience and his love for the city of Waco to support local businesses, grow the econ-omy, and foster opportunity. He also serves as a member of the Board of the Brazos Higher Education Service Corporation, where he fur-thers their goal of providing students and fami-lies with resources they need to make in-formed decisions about financing their higher education and building a better life. Some of Wilton’s notable past contributions to the Waco business community include serv-ing on the boards of Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center, the Waco Industrial Foundation, and the Waco Mammoth Foundation. Wilton is a past Chairman of the Greater Waco Chamber of Commerce, member of the Board of the Vanguard College Preparatory School, and past Chairman of the Board of the YMCA. Though transcending his influence in the business community, Wilton has built his life on a foundation of serving and giving back to others—a value he learned as an Eagle Scout and certainly reinforced by his father who served as a captain in the U.S. Army. Wilton has been a life-long supporter of Baylor Uni-versity and an active member of the Baylor Alumni Association. In fact, his family has re-ceived the Baylor Alumni Association’s First Family of Baylor Award. He has received the National Philanthropy ‘‘Lifetime Achievement Award’’ and the Waco Junior Chamber of Commerce has recognized him with their ‘‘Dis-tinguished Service Award.’’ Mr. Speaker, Wilton A. Lanning worked tire-lessly to better the Waco community. From his 40 years at Waco’s then-oldest business, Padgitt’s, to his time with the Business League, Wilton has certainly left an enduring impression on Central Texas. He will always be known as a great philanthropist and busi-nessman; but I am confident that above all else he would want to be known first as a hus-band to LaNell, father to Bill and Robert, and servant of Christ through his leadership at Co-lumbus Avenue Baptist Church. Today, I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor the many contributions of Wil-ton A. Lanning. As I close, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOSH AIRHEART’S SERVICE TO BOY SCOUT TROOP 59 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Josh Airheart for his service to Boy Scout Troop 59 in Concord, North Caro-lina. Mr. Airheart has served as Scoutmaster of Troop 59 for 15 years and will soon be retir-ing from the position. Having lived in Cabarrus County his entire life, Mr. Airheart has established himself as a staple of our community. He is a lifetime mem-ber of New Gilead Church, home of Troop 59, where he began his own scouting career many years ago. In 1987, Mr. Airheart earned the rank of Eagle Scout, showcasing his own commitment to service. Beginning in 2002, Mr. Airheart returned to Troop 59 as Scoutmaster. Recognizing the significant impact scouting had on his own life, he began to share his passion with the young men of the troop. The troop then continued to blossom under his guidance as he helped an impressive 26 members achieve the rank of Eagle Scout. In 2015, he was recognized for his efforts by the Central North Carolina Coun-cil as Scoutmaster of the Year. Along the way, Mr. Airheart has been a liv-ing embodiment of the Scout Oath, showing the young men of the troop how to integrate it in everything they do. While he may be leav-ing his official capacity with Troop 59, I know he will continue to be a role model for all of those in our community. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recog-nizing Mr. Josh Airheart for his dedication and commitment to service as Scoutmaster of Troop 59. CONGRATULATIONS TO MRS. LUZ GAMBOA RANGEL HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 107th birthday of Luz Gamboa Rangel of Crystal City, Texas. Luz was born on the Texas-Mexico Border on February 8, 1910 and moved to Texas with her mother and brother in 1914. She has lived in South Texas for the past 103 years. Most of those years have been spent on the same piece of land in Crystal City, Texas—a gift from her husband after they married. Today Luz loves spending time with family and mak-ing use of her good sense of humor. Luz has seen more in her lifetime than many of us like-ly ever will and I have no doubt that we could all learn a thing or two from her. Luz’s family and community are blessed to have her as part of their lives. On behalf of the Twenty-third Congressional District of Texas, congratulations to Mrs. Luz Gamboa Rangel on turning 107 years old, and may she celebrate many more. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF THE FINAL RULE OF THE UNITED STATES FISH AND WILD-LIFE SERVICE RELATING TO THE USE OF COMPENSATORY MITIGA-TION AS RECOMMENDED OR RE-QUIRED UNDER THE ENDAN-GERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce legislation disapproving of the Compensatory Mitigation Policy (CMP) rule fi-nalized in the final days of the Obama admin-istration. On December 27, 2016, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) released its final Endangered Species Act (ESA) CMP, which violates existing environmental law and puts future economic development across the country at risk. This rule establishes policies that are a significant departure from existing practices regarding compensatory mitigation and limits private-sector, voluntary involvement in developing compensatory mitigation plans. My legislation utilizes the Congressional Re-view Act to block this dangerous rule and will prevent the potential catastrophic impacts it would have on our nation’s economy. The CMP exceeds USFWS’ statutory au-thority by adopting the mitigation goals of ‘‘net conservation gain’’ and ‘‘no net loss,’’ which are not grounded in federal statute. This direc-tive is a significant departure from existing practice and runs counter to current law. The policy will lead to an extensive, time-con-suming valuation process in which develop-ment projects are required to initiate an as-sessment process, as well as undertake ‘‘ad-vance mitigation,’’ that could tie up many eco-nomic projects in burdensome, costly proce-dures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.001 E02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE132 February 2, 2017 
This overbroad policy could jeopardize an extensive range of economic development ac-tivities in every corner of the U.S., while also impacting a wide-range of industries, includ-ing: agriculture, forestry, mining, natural re-source development, energy production, con-servation projects, and building and road con-struction. The final CMP will also have signifi-cant strategic, legal, and financial implications for development projects large and small, while ensnaring future economic growth in a maze of permitting setbacks and bureaucratic red-tape. We must protect our country’s economic fu-ture and ensure burdensome rules and regula-tions promulgated by a bloated bureaucracy do not threaten desperately needed job cre-ation and economic growth. The integrity of the law is threatened by misguided federal policies like the USFWS’s CMP rule, and I urge all members to join me in supporting this legislation to block yet another oppressive and overreaching regulation promulgated by the previous administration. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE DEPART-MENT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the work of the Metropolitan Po-lice Department, in particular the Second Dis-trict, and the Office of the Attorney General for the District of Columbia. Representatives from these agencies worked closely with D.C. resi-dents on Belmont Road NW and the leader-ship of the Islamic Center of Washington to forge a remedy to a life-threatening situation that had hate-crime implications. These individuals provided extraordinary guidance and intervention in bringing closure to a situation that had exposed D.C. residents to racial and homophobic slurs, as well as threats of bodily harm, for more than five years. I therefore rise with pride to salute police of-ficers Lt. Jerome M. Merrill, Sgt. Brian H. Brown, Sgt. Miguel Rodriguezgil, and Mr. James T. Towns, Community Engagement Di-rector, with the Office of the Attorney General. In particular, I applaud the leadership efforts of Dr. Khouj, Imam, and Abassie Jarr-Koroma of the Islamic Center of Washington, and A. Mario Castillo, a resident of Belmont Road, who coordinated the teamwork on. this matter. This civic success story brings to mind a fit-ting quote attributed to the great American poet and writer Maya Angelou, ‘‘It’s good to remember that in crises, natural crises, human beings forget for a while their ignorance, their biases, their prejudices. For a little while, neighbors help neighbors and strangers help strangers.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in applauding my constitu-ents and the law enforcement officers. HONORING MILTON BRONSTEIN HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, there are so many ways to describe Mr. Milton Bronstein. He is a kind and generous person, who is al-ways willing to lend a hand when he sees a friend in need. He is a committed and hard-working public servant who puts service above self. He is a capable and respected labor leader who dedicated much of his life to im-proving conditions for Rhode Island workers. He was a devoted husband to his late wife, Claire. He is a wonderful father to Harvey, An-drew, and Cindy. And to me and to so many other Rhode Is-landers, Milton—who today turns 100 years old—is a steadfast and dependable friend. Milton’s career started in the Department of Treasury, where he would remain for three decades. He is perhaps best known, however, for his work as a labor organizer, serving as the first president of Rhode Island’s AFSCME Chapter, Council 94. Countless laborers in my home state of Rhode Island are better off thanks to his tireless work, and when you speak to labor organizers today, it is clear that Milton has set the gold standard of how to ef-fectively lead. After stepping down as Council 94 president, Milton jumped right back into ac-tion, serving as the retiree chapter’s vice president until he retired just last year at the age of 99. Even today, at 100 years old, Mil-ton remains a trusted mentor and adviser to many in the labor movement and in public service. I want to wish a very happy birthday to Mil-ton as he celebrates 100 years of a life well lived. Milton, has been a changemaker in our state and in the lives of those of us who have been lucky enough to know him and work with him. I cannot thank him enough for his service and for his support through the years. Rhode Island owes him a debt of gratitude. Happy birthday. 
f 
HONORING THE CENTENNIAL MILESTONE OF MR. JOHN FIORE, DISTINGUISHED RESIDENT OF SCHENECTADY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the centennial celebration of John M. Fiore of Schenectady, New York, who turns 100 years old today, February 2nd, 2017. John was born on February 2, 1917 to Vito and Maria Fiore. He graduated from Mt. Pleasant High School in 1934 and was the first freshman in the class when it opened in 1931. After graduating John worked for GE as a Production Specialist with more than 45 years of service. John went on to serve his country in World War II from 1942–1946, and received an hon-orary discharge as a Corporal. In 1953 John married Mary Gerardi who passed away in 1972 after a long battle with illness. He takes great pride in his family. John’s parents came from Italy penniless and raised seven children, all of whom lived into their 90s and were outstanding citizens. John is known to friends and family for his gardening, and shows a generous spirit in sharing fresh produce with his family and friends. Earlier in life John was also an active bowler, golfer and in later years took up dupli-cate bridge playing three times a week. John is also a sports fan. He is a longtime fan of the New York Yankees and New York Knicks. One of his greatest joys is rooting for Union College, Notre Dame, and the Univer-sity of Connecticut, all schools attended by members of his family. John’s greatest role has been that of doting father. He took an active role in his son Nich-olas’s activities, including Carmen Little League, Babe Ruth, CYO Basketball and Pop Warner Football. Later, he watched his grand-son Nicholas, Jr. play recreational basketball. He was also a player agent for Carmen Little League and later served as Commissioner of Rotterdam Babe Ruth. f 
NATIONAL RIGHT TO WORK 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I was grateful yesterday to join my friend, Congressman S
TEVE KING, to introduce the National Right to Work Act. At least 80 percent of Americans favor bar-ring the forcing of employees to pay dues as a condition of their employment, and this bill would protect workers by eliminating the forced-dues clauses in federal statute. It still allows workers to unionize if they chose to do so—but makes membership voluntary, not mandatory. Right-to-work states, like South Carolina, have seen first-hand that job creation and eco-nomic growth comes from expanded free-doms. Right to work was crucial for South Carolina becoming the leading manufacturer and exporter of tires, with Michelin, Bridgestone, Continental, and Giti, while also being America’s largest exporter of cars with BMW and soon Volvo. I appreciated joining Congressman S
TEVE  K
ING, with Mark Mix, President of the National Right to Work Committee, on this important issue that will positively promote jobs. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and we will never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. 
f 
BOND COUNTY BICENTENNIAL 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, this year, beautiful Bond County, located in the southeastern part of Illinois, celebrates its becentennial—200 years as a county is a great honor. Bond County was one of the state’s original 11 counties when Illinois applied for statehood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.005 E02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE133 February 2, 2017 
in 1818. It was named after the first governor of Illinois, Shadrach Bond who helped develop the first big transportation and infrastructure project for Illinois. Bond County has witnessed many moments in our nation’s history. Both Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas gave speeches there in 1858 for their Senatorial election and the Lib-erty Bell made its way through the county in 1915. Additionally, President Ronald Reagan appeared there in 1980 for a campaign speech. Bond County is also home to Greenville College, a 4-year Christian university founded on prayer that focuses on the pillars of faith and community to advance students’ learning. Greenville facilitated multiple mission trips, study abroad programs, and home-service projects in 2016. There is much for the citizens of this county to be proud of. A county with such a rich his-tory of beauty, politics, and pride deserves to be recognized after 200 fantastic years. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KAREN SHORTER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 15th year anniversary of the organ donation made by one of my constitu-ents, Karen Shorter, of Manassas Park, Vir-ginia. On July 30th, 2002, Ms. Shorter do-nated one of her kidneys to Janet Melson Burns, a neighbor in need. Together they vol-unteered at the National Kidney Foundation as members of their Speaker’s Bureau. Through the Foundation’s Speaker’s Bureau they both came to Capitol Hill where they spoke on the importance of the prevention and treatment of various kidney diseases. Every year, Ms. Shorter and Ms. Burns cel-ebrate a Happy Life Day on the anniversary of their transplant. These two have a ferocious friendship that transcends distance made. This is evident by the fact that even though Janet and her husband live in Atlanta, Georgia, she and Karen still make time for their Happy Life Day celebration. Through the transplant they have come to know personally each other’s di-rect and extended family. This action has brought them closer together as people, neighbors, and friends. I am proud to have Karen Shorter as my constituent in the 10th district and hope she continues to share her heartwarming story on organ donation. In ad-dition to her selfless act of kindness, Ms. Shorter recently retired after 25 years of gov-ernment service to the Federal Bureau of Pris-ons in Washington, DC and I thank her for her service. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Ms. Shorter for her actions and volunteer work and to wish them a ‘‘Happy Life Day’’ when they meet in Charleston, South Carolina this July. IN RECOGNITION OF MARGARET MARY CANTY, RSCJ AS SHE CELEBRATES HER 50TH JUBILEE AS A RELIGIOUS OF THE SA-CRED HEART HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Margaret Mary Canty, RSCJ for her life and service and work on behalf of the southeast Michigan community. As a former headmistress and current member of the Academy of the Sacred Heart’s Board of Trustees, Sister Canty has served the school and community at large through her tireless efforts and service. As Headmistress of the Academy of the Sa-cred Heart in Bloomfield Hills from 1988 through 2000, Sister Canty’s leadership played a critical role in helping the school grow and evolve to meet the needs of the students, staff and community at large. Under Sister Canty, the school established the Early Childhood Program and oversaw a successful capital campaign that allowed it to expand its science facilities and build a new After School Learn-ing center. These actions helped the Academy of Sacred Heart modernize and serve a new generation of students. After she left Sacred Heart in 2000, Sister Canty worked with the Kenwood Academy (now Doane Stuart) in New York, in a variety of positions to help the school restructure and serve its retired RCSJs. Today, Sister Canty serves on the Academic of the Sacred Heart’s Board of Trustees, where she provides guidance and advice to the school. Sister Canty’s life of service and leadership has inspired a new generation of thoughtful and community-minded students and edu-cators. Her tenure at both Sacred Heart and Doane Stuart was transformative, and the ini-tiatives that she has championed continue to help cultivate a new generation of Sacred Heart leaders. It is my hope that these institu-tions will build on Sister Canty’s legacy of ex-cellence in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Margaret Mary Canty, RSCJ on her 50th Jubilee for her lifetime of service and accomplishments. Sister Canty has served the southeast Michigan community well through her work with the Academy of the Sacred Heart and the critical role her involvement played in its growth and development. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EDGAR AND NANCY MUENZER AND THE PARK RIDGE CIVIC ORCHESTRA 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of the late Edgar and Nancy Muenzer, co-founders of the Park Ridge Civic Orchestra. To honor their hard work and tireless commitment, the Park Ridge Civic Orchestra will be presenting a ‘‘Founders Memorial Concert’’ on Wednesday, February 8, 2017 featuring Chicago Symphony Orches-tra violinist David Taylor as guest soloist at The Pickwick Theatre in Park Ridge, Illinois. The Park Ridge Civic Orchestra (PRCOrchestra) features more than 70 profes-sional musicians, renowned soloists, and top- ranked student talents and serves the north and northwest areas of Chicago, its suburbs, and beyond. Founded in 1994 by veteran Chi-cago Symphony Orchestra first violinist Edgar Muenzer, his wife Nancy, and a cadre of de-voted supporters, the PRCOrchestra fulfilled the Muenzer’s wish to give back after a re-warding lifetime in professional music. Now led by a group of local business owners, musi-cians, civic leaders, and others, the PRCOrchestra continues to bring enriching, live classical music to the community. The PRCOrchestra’s founder Edgar Muenzer was the orchestra’s conductor and music director for two decades from 1994 to 2014. A longtime Park Ridge resident with his wife Nancy, Edgar brought many years of per-forming, conducting, and teaching to this role. In 2014, Edgar stepped down from the posi-tion of Music Director, giving the reins to his son, current PRCOrchestra Music Director Vic-tor Muenzer. He then continued to serve as Music Director Emeritus until his death in 2016. Among the many honors he earned dur-ing his illustrious life, Maestro Muenzer was named Conductor of the Year by the Illinois Council of Orchestras. Edgar and his wife Nancy also earned the Illinois Humanities Council Studs Terkel Humanities Service Award for their tireless commitment to bringing inspiring music to the community. Nancy K. Muenzer was the co-founder of the Park Ridge Civic Orchestra and wife of Edgar Muenzer. A driving force behind the Or-chestra’s successful development, the char-ismatic Mrs. Muenzer worked tirelessly to in-spire and enlist major sponsors and donors in support of the Orchestra. Through Mrs. Muenzer’s direct efforts and that of the gen-erous music-lovers she recruited, the PRCOrchestra performed five major concerts each year at the historic Pickwick Theatre in Park Ridge. Mrs. Muenzer also managed an array of special events and smaller concerts in between. Mrs. Muenzer continued in her role until 2014, helping the Orchestra transition to the next generation. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring the late Edgar and Nancy Muenzer and the members of the Park Ridge Civic Orchestra for their dedication to cultivating enriching classical music in the community. I congratulate and wish each of them every success in their upcoming ‘‘Found-ers Memorial Concert.’’ Illinois’s Ninth Con-gressional District is proud to be home to the brilliantly talented members of this organiza-tion, and for their outstanding gifts, leadership, and service, these members are worthy of the highest praise. f 
IN MEMORY OF LOUISE EPTING 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-cans should remember what makes us a great and free country. It isn’t a gift. It is earned by those conscientious individuals who get in-volved, donate their time, and do their share. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.010 E02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE134 February 2, 2017 
Millions of them, from the first generation of Americans until the present time. Louise Epting was one of these. She was a beloved mother, daughter, sister and grand-mother. Born in New York City, the former bobbysoxer and Frank Sinatra devotee be-came a nurse before settling down to raise her three children with her then-husband. Fol-lowing their divorce in the 1970s, Louise con-tinued to work hard to support her children and ensure their needs were met. Later in life, Louise followed her children to California in order to be closer to them and her future grandchildren. Louise embraced her role as the family’s matriarch. Known by her nickname ‘‘Sugar,’’ Louise was also a dedicated volunteer for many Re-publican causes. She worked tirelessly for ev-erything she believed in, dedicating time and energy to a wide variety of candidates and issues. Working to better her community, she spent countless hours volunteering at the schools her grandchildren attended in Hun-tington Beach, California. A fiercely proud American, Louise ‘‘Sugar’’ Epting represents true patriotism, and is among the best our country has produced. A devout Catholic, she departs this world to enter the realm of heaven where we know she joins so many of her loved ones. Compas-sionate, caring, and cherished by many, Lou-ise leaves behind a lasting legacy of love for her faith, family, friends, and country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT TAYLOR 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, due to my at-tendance of the dignified transfer ceremony of Chief Special Warfare officer Ryan Owens at Dover AFB, I was unable to vote yesterday. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 72; and YEA on Roll Call No. 73. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE DALLAS CEN-TER-GRIMES MIDDLE SCHOOL MOCK TRIAL TEAMS IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 115TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the mem-bers of the 2016 Dallas Center-Grimes Middle School Mock Trial teams on their success at the 33th Annual Iowa Middle School Mock Trial State Competition in Des Moines, Iowa, which took place from November 14 through November 16, 2016. The state competition featured 34 teams from around the state of Iowa. The two teams representing Dallas Center-Grimes defied ex-pectations when both teams placed among the top ten. The members of the Green team, which placed 8th, were Garrett Bond, Audrey Frett, Dante Chittenden, Megan Grimes, Ra-chel Becker, Madison Stone, Josh Ward, and Huston Halverson. The members of the Purple Team, which placed 10th, were Molly Patter-son, Sierra Sonberg, Alex Romig, Cale Schmitz, Elizabeth Vance, Sierra Mason, Emma Wagner, and Jordan Smith. The coach-es of the two teams were Shannon Wallace, Jill Altringer, Kim Cross, Kathryn Pagel, and Jessica McCartan. Mr. Speaker, the success of these students and coaches exemplifies the rewards of deter-mination, commitment, and team work. I am proud to represent these young leaders in the United States Congress. I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating them for their suc-cess in the state competition and in wishing them nothing but continued success in school and beyond. f 
FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE RULES 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, I voted for the Rules Improvement Package suggested by the Ranking Member even though there are elements of the package that would not be needed by the Committee in nor-mal circumstances. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TERI HUYCK 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, Planned Parent-hood of Wisconsin (PPWI) President and CEO Teri Huyck will retire on February 3, 2017, after leading Wisconsin’s largest most trusted non-profit health care organization for nine years. Teri Huyck came to Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin during a difficult time as interim di-rector in 2008. She had been the Vice Presi-dent and Chief Operating Officer of Planned Parenthood Chicago. Upon her arrival, the morale and financial stability of the Wisconsin Chapter of Planned Parenthood improved and eight months later, Teri Huyck dropped ‘‘in-terim’’ from her title and officially took over as president and CEO. She began an aggressive fundraising campaign that raised an additional $500,000 and reorganized the organization. Currently, Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin employs about 200 people and has a $21 mil-lion annual budget that comes from state and federal funding, Medicaid and private-pay pa-tients and private donations. Planned Parent-hood provides health care to about 70,000 men and women a year across the state pro-viding services that include: annual exams, cancer screening, colonoscopies, pregnancy testing and counseling, sexually transmitted disease testing and treatment, and abortions. Family planning and prevention accounts for more than 95 percent of the services Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin performs. The orga-nization gives out 200,000 cycles of birth con-trol pills per year. The majority of the women and men who come here are not seeking an abortion. Ms. Huyck has made it her mission to be transparent and tells the unvarnished truth to everyone she meets. A self-proclaimed ‘‘farm girl from Ohio,’’ she joined the Planned Par-enthood organization following a career as a hospital administrator in Ohio and Illinois who wanted to combine her skills in the health care field with her passion for women’s issues. Teri remembers when Roe v. Wade was decided and learned her passion for women’s issues from her mother. Teri’s childhood friend was raped and as a result became pregnant in the mid-1970s. The friend chose abortion and was treated poorly. This incident left a lasting im-pression on her as well. Teri has a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology with high honors from Ohio State University and a Master’s degree in Hospital and Health Administration from Xavier University in Cin-cinnati. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with Teri since she assumed her role at Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin. We have stood together on many issues to ensure both women and men in Wisconsin have access to health care. I join with her family, friends and colleagues to congratulate her on her retirement. I wish her much suc-cess as she transitions into a different phase of her life with her husband, Perry who re-cently retired, as well. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Teri Huyck. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of her ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Ted Huyck. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JEFF DUBE´ 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge Lieutenant Jeff Dube´who recently departed from the Leesburg Police Depart-ment after 23 years of service. Throughout Lt. Dube´’s impressive career at the department, he always maintained a strong attitude and a willingness to embrace new roles and respon-sibilities. Additionally, before joining the Lees-burg Police Department, Lt. Dube´served eight years on active duty in the U.S. Marine Corps. During his tenure at the Leesburg Police Department, Lt. Dube´served in many roles, including field training officer, shift supervisor, training officer, civil disturbance unit com-mander, recruitment and hiring, property and evidence and the accreditation manager. Addi-tionally, Lt. Dube´enjoyed liaising with the media, as he tried to keep the community in-formed about human interest stories as well as emergencies as they unfolded. Police officers come from all walks of life to serve and protect their fellow citizens. Officers, like Lt. Dube´, place their lives in jeopardy so that the rest of us may rest easy and the con-stituents of the 10th District are indebted to their dedication. The work he has done to self-lessly serve our community and our country is an inspiration, and it is an honor to represent him. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Lt. Jeff Dube´for his dedication to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.014 E02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE135 February 2, 2017 
serving our community and country for so many years. I wish him the best in retirement and in all of his future endeavors. 
f 
BOND COUNTY’S HEALTH DEPARTMENT 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 2, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, this year, Bond County’s Health Depart-ment celebrates fifty years of serving the com-munity. For five decades, healthcare professionals at Bond County Health Department have pro-vided citizens with important health services such as immunizations, dental clinics, mater-nal and child health education, and much more. Their mission to promote good health, safety, and sanitation has helped thousands of people across the area. The Bond County Health Department has excelled at meeting the needs of the popu-lation it serves. Whether it be assisting seniors with home healthcare, inspecting the food safety of community restaurants, or helping new parents with infant and child resources, Bond County Health Department has been an important part of southwestern Illinois. For half a century, they have worked to improve public health in the region and have provided valu-able education to the citizens of Bond County. I understand the important role of institu-tions like Bond County Health Department and I commend its staff for all of their hard work over the years. Congratulations on your 50th anniversary, and I wish you all the best in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.019 E02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D104 Thursday, February 2, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S609–S661 Measures Introduced: Twenty-three bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 275–297, and S. Res. 42–43.
                                              Pages S655–56 
Measures Reported: S. Res. 42, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works.
   Page S655 
Measures Passed: Stream Protection Rule: By 54 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 43), Senate passed H.J. Res. 38, dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. 
                                                                                      Pages S611–32 
Honoring the Life of Eugene A. ‘‘Gene’’ Cernan: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 27, honoring the life and achievements of Eugene A. ‘‘Gene’’ Cernan, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                      Pages S660–61 
Crapo (for Cruz/Nelson) Amendment No. 190, to amend the preamble.
                                         Pages S660–61 
National Mentoring Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 43, recognizing January 2017 as National Men-toring Month.
                                                                Page S661 
Measures Considered: SEC Resource Extraction Resolution of Dis-approval—Agreement: Senate began consideration of H. J. Res. 41, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Ex-change Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Pay-ments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
                                Pages S634–53 
By 52 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 50), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the joint resolution.
                                                    Page S634 
Prior to the consideration of this measure, Senate took the following action: By 52 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 49), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Ses-sion.                                                                                    Page S634 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the joint resolu-tion at approximately 6:30 a.m., on Friday, February 3, 2017, with no debate time remaining; and that following disposition of the joint resolution, Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomina-tion of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education, Rule XXII notwithstanding. 
                                                                                              Page S661 
Sessions Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Jeff Sessions, of Ala-bama, to be Attorney General.
                             Page S632 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michi-gan, to be Secretary of Education.
                      Page S632 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: By 53 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 44), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
                                   Page S632 
Price Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Thomas Price, of Geor-gia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
                                                                                              Page S633 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, to be Attorney General.
                                                        Page S633 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: By 51 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 45), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Ses-sion.
                                                                            Pages S632–33 
By 51 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 46), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
                                   Page S633 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE7.REC D02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D105 February 2, 2017 
Mnuchin Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. 
                                                                                              Page S633 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
                                                                                              Page S633 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 47), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Ses-sion.
                                                                                    Page S633 
By 51 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 48), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
                                   Page S633 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S655 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:                 Page S655 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S655 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S656 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S657 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S654 
Amendments Submitted:                                     Page S660 
Record Votes: Eight record votes were taken today. (Total—50)
                                                           Pages S632–634 Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:06 p.m., until 6:30 a.m. on Friday, February 3, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S661.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Budget: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: An original resolution (S. Res. 42) authorizing ex-penditures by the committee, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 115th Congress; and The nomination of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered reported without rec-ommendation the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 27 public bills, H.R. 816–842; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 60–61; H. Con. Res. 19; and H. Res. 82–85, were introduced.
                              Pages H943–45 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H946 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                       Page H881 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:48 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H886 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:54 p.m. and re-convened at 1:05 p.m.
                                              Page H893 Recess: The House recessed at 1:38 p.m. and recon-vened at 1:41 p.m.
                                                     Page H894 
Disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Defense, the General Services Adminis-tration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration relating to the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation: The House passed H.J. Res. 37, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration relating to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 76. 
                                                                                      Pages H907–16 
H. Res. 74, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolutions (H.J. Res. 36) and (H.J. Res. 37) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE7.REC D02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD106 February 2, 2017 
190 noes, Roll No. 75, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 74.
                   Pages H888–93, H893–94 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Adminis-tration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007: The House passed H.J. Res. 40, providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Se-curity Administration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 77.
                                                         Pages H894–H907, H916–17 
H. Res. 71, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolutions (H.J. Res. 40) and (H.J. Res. 41) was agreed to yesterday, February 1st. Electing members to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library and the Joint Com-mittee on Printing: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 82, electing members to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library and the Joint Committee on Printing. 
                                                                                              Page H917 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page 921. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H893–94, H894, and H916–17. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:23 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a business meeting for consideration of the committee oversight plan for 115th Congress. The committee adopted its oversight plan. THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE’S BUDGET AND ECONOMIC OUTLOOK Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Economic Outlook’’. Testimony was heard from Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. HELPING STUDENTS SUCCEED THROUGH THE POWER OF SCHOOL CHOICE Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Helping Students Succeed Through the Power of School Choice’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. PATIENT RELIEF FROM COLLAPSING HEALTH MARKETS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Patient Relief from Collapsing Health Markets’’. Testimony was heard from J.P. Wieske, Deputy Commissioner of Insur-ance, State of Wisconsin; and public witnesses. REAUTHORIZATION OF NTIA Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Reauthorization of NTIA’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The committee adopted its rules for the 115th Con-gress. ISRAEL, THE PALESTINIANS, AND THE UNITED NATIONS: CHALLENGES FOR THE NEW ADMINISTRATION Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, held a joint hearing en-titled ‘‘Israel, the Palestinians, and the United Na-tions: Challenges for the New Administration’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. THE FUTURE OF THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Future of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 720, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduc-tion Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 725, the ‘‘Innocent Party Protection Act’’. H.R. 720 and H.R. 725 were ordered reported, without amendment. IMPROVING SECURITY AND EFFICIENCY AT OPM AND THE NATIONAL BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS BUREAU Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Secu-rity and Efficiency at OPM and the National Back-ground Investigations Bureau’’. Testimony was heard from Kathleen McGettigan, Acting Director, Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE7.REC D02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D107 February 2, 2017 
of Personnel Management; Cord Chase, Chief Infor-mation Security Officer, Office of Personnel Manage-ment; Charles Phalen, Director, National Back-ground Investigations Bureau; David DeVries, Chief Information Officer, National Background Investiga-tions Bureau; and Terry Halvorsen, Chief Informa-tion Officer, Department of Defense. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee concluded a business meeting on the committee’s oversight and authorization plan; and markup on H.R. 194, the ‘‘Federal Agency Mail Management Act of 2017’’; H.R. 702, the ‘‘Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 679, the ‘‘Construction Consensus Procurement Im-provement Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 657, the ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’. The committee adopted its author-ization and oversight plan. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 679 and H.R. 657. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 194 and H.R. 702. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE7.REC D02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD108 February 2, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 6:30 a.m., Friday, February 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will vote on passage of H.J. Res. 41, SEC Resource Extraction Resolution of Dis-approval. Following disposition of H.J. Res. 41, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, February 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.J. Res. 36— Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bu-reau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conserva-tion’’. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E129 Comer, James, Ky., E130 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E130, E133, E134 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E132, E135 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E133 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E129 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E129 Flores, Bill, Tex., E131 Gottheimer, Josh, N.J., E129 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E131 Hurd, Will, Tex., E131 Langevin, James R., R.I., E132 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E134 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E131 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E132 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E133 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E130 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E133 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E134 Taylor, Scott, Va., E134 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E132 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E132 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E129 Young, David, Iowa, E134 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Feb 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02FE7.REC D02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST