Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the plight of the Oromo people of Ethiopia. The Oromo are Ethiopia’s largest ethnic group, with a population of more than 25 mil-lion, or 35 percent of Ethiopia’s total population. I speak here on behalf of one of my constituents, Ms. Seenaa Jimjimo, who is of Oromo descent. Ms. Jimjimo is the president of the Coalition for Oromo Human Rights and Democracy. The co-alition is dedicated to bringing the suf-fering of the Oromo people and other Ethiopians to the attention of Ameri-cans and the world. She impressed me with her passion for defending the rights of her people, and that is why I bring this issue to the floor. Human rights in Ethiopia have been subject to deteriorating condi-tions for over a decade, with a sharp decline since 2014, making an already difficult situation even worse. The Ethiopian Government has adopted laws restricting freedom of ex-pression, association, and assembly, in-cluding rights enshrined in the Uni-versal Declaration of Human Rights and in the Ethiopian constitution. These violations have been widely de-cried by numerous international bodies and nongovernmental organizations. Our own State Department has said the following about Ethiopia: ‘‘The most significant human rights problems in-cluded harassment and intimidation of opposition members and supporters and journalists; alleged torture, beating, abuse, mistreatment of detainees by se-curity forces and politically motivated trials.’’ Free expression is curtailed by laws permitting the government to punish speech it disagrees with up to 5 years in prison. In just 2016, security forces killed at least 1,000 and held more than 28,000 newly arrested persons in detention centers. In the midst of the difficult situation for all Ethiopians, the situation for the Oromo people is particularly dire. The Ethiopian Government released the Addis Ababa Master Plan, which sought to expand the capital into the Oromia region. The plan would displace millions of farmers, carve Oromia into two regions, changing the livelihood of 36 Oromia towns and 17 districts by hurting the livelihoods and lives of the Oromo without consulting the Oromo. The Oromo protests erupted in No-vember 2015 in response. The Ethiopian Government admitted the use of exces-sive force. A Human Rights Watch re-port described interviews of hundreds of people who survived gruesome and inhumane acts by security forces. Even so, no one has been brought to justice. According to the State Department report, the government also recently won what appears to have been a rigged election. The deaths of thousands of Oromos and other Ethiopians cannot bring a lasting solution to the coun-try’s mounting problems, yet the Ethi-opian Government continues to receive money for its role in the Somalia and Sudan peacekeeping missions. We must ask how long the United States should keep financing a regime that has received $30 billion in foreign assistance since it came into power in 1991, and reportedly has stolen vir-tually all of it. In honor of thousands of Oromo peo-ple who have been savagely murdered, injured, arrested, and have been vic-tims of enforced disappearance, I now join my colleagues in cosponsoring House Resolution 128, which calls for supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. This resolution sends a clear and strong message to the Ethio-pian movement and government by let-ting them know that we keep a vigi-lant eye on the suffering that some mi-norities have been going through in re-cent years and the offenses that caused these sufferings. Many Ethiopians who dare to speak up against the current government are being treated badly all across Ethiopia. Oromos are being singled out. Consider the case of Bekele Gerba. He was arrested upon his return from the United States, where he spoke to sev-eral Members of Congress. Now he stands charged with terrorism, al-though after a year and a half, the gov-ernment has been unable to produce a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.000 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6470 July 27, 2017 
single document to back up their accu-sation. Even as the Ethiopian Government has admitted to arresting 28,000 people, there is reason to believe the number is closer to 80,000. We must condemn violence against peaceful protestors, unlawful arrests, inhumane treatment, and the with-holding of key human rights. The Government of Ethiopia has an obligation to care for all its people, in-cluding the Oromo. As the United States, we should stand with the people of Ethiopia and help the Ethiopian Government return to the path of peace and democracy. 
f 
MAX PAGE SAYS CHILDREN’S HEALTHCARE NEEDS A BIPAR-TISAN SOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, with all the political rhetoric, the finger-pointing, and the many versions of TrumpCare, hyperpartisan politicians often forget what this debate is all about. It is about people, about relieving a person’s pain and suffering, about giv-ing a person a chance to live a healthy and happy life. It is about Max Page. Maybe you will remember him. Max was the mini Darth Vader from a Super Bowl commercial in 2011 who captured our hearts. Max was born with tetralogy of Fallot, a rare and deadly congenital heart defect. Throughout his 12 years, Max has had more than 10 heart sur-geries under the loving care at Chil-dren’s Hospital Los Angeles. He lives every day with a pacemaker and an ar-tificial pulmonary valve. Open heart surgeries are complex and very serious surgeries. They are tough on patients, with often a long recovery, and gruel-ing for the family. Max stopped by my office a few days ago to talk about his experience, and he told me: ‘‘I am going to have my condition all my life. I am going to have surgery as a constant commotion on my life. I just want to be covered. I don’t want to have to worry about in-surance and how I am going to pay these bills. I just want to focus on keeping myself healthy and not having to sacrifice everything for a surgery.’’ Max wants to play baseball. He loves Harry Potter, and he dreams of being an actor. Earlier this year, Max was in the hospital for treatments for an en-tire month. His mom, Jennifer, de-scribed how they were feeling bummed one day after such a long and arduous hospital stay. They decided to take a walk, and on their walk they met a boy Max’s age named Will. Will is still in the hospital today. He has been there 9 months waiting desperately for a heart transplant. Max told me how Will has spent every holiday and even his birthday in the hospital this year. Max wanted to do something for Will, so they had these bracelets made. He named them ‘‘Will Power.’’ They have Max’s favor-ite verse on them. Max and Will con-nected. They developed a bond bound by compassion. Their hope for a normal life gave them strength and friendship, and Max promised Will he would bring the bracelets to Congress when they came. Philippians 4:13: ‘‘I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.’’ Max and Will, that is my favorite verse, too. Max is fighting to protect other kids like him and Will, people with a pre-existing illness, from losing coverage and having to pay more from facing a lifetime path on coverage. He came to tell the stories of so many other children he knows from his many hospital visits. His message is simple: ‘‘Children’s healthcare needs a bipartisan solution.’’ Max and Will and all the friends they have made in the hospital aren’t root-ing for Democrats or Republicans. They are fighting for their life and rooting for each other. They are chil-dren who want to get healthy, who want to stay healthy and care for one another. We can all learn from Max’s and Will’s selfless courage to help others. Stop the hyperpartisan fight to score political points and start fostering a bond through compassion. Let’s find a way to protect healthcare for Max and Will. In the midst of this healthcare fight, we should take a moment to pause and re-member that goal. Let’s be like Max and think of others as we come to-gether to find a bipartisan solution to address what isn’t working, and re-member Max’s message: Children’s healthcare, all healthcare, must and should be a bipartisan issue. 
f 
A TRIBUTE IN MEMORY OF PAMELA TODD MAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the memory of a dear friend and advo-cate for eastern Kentuckians, Pamela Todd May. Although her life tragically ended too soon, she lived with endless com-passion for those in need, and abound-ing devotion to our region, the Pikeville Medical Center, the Univer-sity of Kentucky, her husband, Walter May, her children, and all her family and friends. Pam May lived with consummate ele-gance, always joyous in service, and loyal in deed. She faithfully dedicated more than three decades of service to the Pikeville Medical Center as a steadfast advocate for expanded access to quality healthcare in Kentucky’s rural Appalachian region. As founder of one of the most re-spected law firms in Kentucky, Pam was as trustworthy defender for the people of eastern Kentucky and a voice for those who otherwise may not be heard. One of the most recent examples of her endless and selfless service was her prompt action to help hundreds of indi-viduals obtain medical records for So-cial Security hearings and honorable representation in the wake of emer-gency redetermination hearings by the Social Security Administration. She partnered with local attorneys and or-chestrated hope for hundreds of fami-lies desperate for assistance while navigating through Federal hearings. Pam was a thoughtful leader you could rely on to stay steps ahead of everyone else. My wife, Cynthia, and I mourn the loss of our treasured friend, yet we re-joice in the legacy of justice and com-passion that she leaves behind. Those of us who were blessed to know Pam must carry on her banner of hope and love for the people of our region. Mr. Speaker, eastern Kentucky is a better place because Pam May lived. If we could replicate her passion and drive, our future would undoubtedly be much brighter in the hills of Appa-lachia. Mr. Speaker, Cynthia and I extend our deepest heartfelt condolences to our friend and confidant, Walter May, as well as Pam’s mother, children, and extended family and friends who were honored to know and love her. f 
THE GOP’S FAILURE TO GOVERN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is now 7 months since the start of the 115th Congress, and 6 months since Repub-licans have controlled all the levers of power of our government, and all we have seen are broken promises. Donald Trump and our Republican colleagues in Congress ran on a plat-form that included healthcare for ev-eryone, massive investments in infra-structure, tax reform, and a dramatic increase in jobs. On all four of these, there has been zero progress, zero legislation sent to the President, and zero effort to work with Democrats to achieve any of those objectives. Donald Trump promised voters that he would be ‘‘the greatest job President that God ever created.’’ b1015 Yet neither he nor the Republican congressional leadership have put for-ward a comprehensive jobs bill. In-stead, he and his Republican allies in the Congress have proposed budgets that would slash investments in edu-cation, infrastructure, and research, all areas that directly help our economy create jobs. In fact, jobs that the President claimed to have saved are going over-seas. Forecasters are now predicting slower economic growth, and manufac-turing average weekly earnings have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.002 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6471 July 27, 2017 
only grown half as fast as earnings across the private sector as a whole over the past 6 months. When it comes to healthcare, it hasn’t just been the broken promise of insurance for everyone. It has been a nonstop roller coaster of legislative proposals, all of which would strip cov-erage away from tens of millions of Americans, raise costs, and deny cov-erage for those with preexisting condi-tions. On tax reform, all we have seen is a one-page outline and a budget proposal with reconciliation instructions set-ting up a process for jamming a par-tisan tax reform bill through Congress. That is a nonstarter, because to be suc-cessful any tax reform legislation must be bipartisan, as was the 1986 tax re-form under President Reagan and Speaker O’Neill. To top it all off, we considered and are considering this week an appropria-tions minibus without even having had a budget on this floor some 88 days after it was due. The Republicans promised regular order. In fact, they are pursuing no order. Republicans haven’t even bothered to pass a budget, which is what we are supposed to do in the House before moving to appropria-tions. So, Mr. Speaker, at the 6-month mark, we have only seen gridlock, no progress, chaos, and broken promises. Even some Republican Members—and perhaps many Republican Members— are growing as frustrated as the Amer-ican people their party has failed. Representative S
TEVE WOMACK from Arkansas said late last month that: ‘‘We’d better get our act together. We’re not governing right now. We are stuck.’’ And Representative T
OMREEDof New York said: ‘‘The fact that we are not getting to these issues—healthcare, budget, tax reform—is frustrating. We came here to move the needle.’’ So what I am saying has been said by my Republican colleagues as well. Per-haps Representative T
OMMASSIE put it most succinctly when he tweeted about his Republican colleagues: ‘‘They con-fuse activity with progress.’’ Republicans, Mr. Speaker, have failed to address the challenges facing the American people, and they have done nothing to improve the lives of those working hard to make it in American. We should be considering legislation to create jobs and grow the economy. We should be working to improve and strengthen the Affordable Care Act, not replace it. That would be con-sistent with some three-quarters of Americans who believe that is what we ought to be doing. We should be work-ing in a bipartisan way to reform our Tax Code and promote competitiveness for our American businesses that are competing in world markets. Growth, job creation, as well as fiscal sustainability, that is what we should be seeking in a tax bill. We should be investing in infrastructure that lures jobs back home from overseas. And, Mr. Speaker, we should be returning to regular order and an open process that Republicans have abandoned to the detriment of legislation and to our country. There have been more closed rules in this 7 months than have oc-curred in my 36 years in the Congress of the United States. Mr. Speaker, the American people need a better deal, a better deal than they have gotten over the last 7 months. Seven months into this Con-gress, it is clear that House Repub-licans are not on the side of working people. In the words of New York Times columnist David Brooks, one of the most conservative columnists at The New York Times, last week he said this: ‘‘Republicans offer nothing but negativity, detachment, absence, and an ax.’’ Democrats, on the other hand, are of-fering the American people, as I said, a better deal, one focused on helping all of our people—Make It In America— better jobs, better wages, and, yes, a better future. It is what Democrats have always done when Democrats have been entrusted to lead. There is a history, a track record to back it up. Mr. Speaker, I want to show my col-leagues that rhetoric is cheap—or talk is cheap, as we say—but performance is really what we ought to look to. I want to bring some charts here to the atten-tion of our colleagues—and, indeed, to the American people as well—to what Democrats have always done. This chart, number one, shows that Democrats perform better on economic growth. Now, that is easy to say, but this graph shows exactly from Truman to Obama, the blue. You can see under Eisenhower, economic growth was about a third, or maybe 40 percent. Kennedy-Johnson and Johnson much greater than Nixon and Nixon-Ford. Carter, greater than either Nixon or Nixon-Ford. And Carter, to the surprise of many, had just about the same GDP growth as Reagan, of which my Repub-lican friends proudly talk. And then what happened under Bush I? Down. Then what happened under Clinton? Up, GDP growth. Under Bush II, down; under Obama, up. That is not campaign rhetoric. Those are the statistics that show that the economy has performed better under Democrats. Now, Democrats perform better on the stock market, the stock market whom, Mr. Trump, likes to point to today. It is doing well. Why? Because the Obama economy, as you just saw, was doing well and the expectations were good. If you look at this chart, things were better on the stock market under the Democrats. Truman, greater growth in the stock market, Eisenhower less. Kennedy-Johnson, Johnson up; Nixon down. Nixon-Ford—Nixon-Ford had negative growth in the stock market, and then Carter, growth. And, yes, Reagan and Bush I had growth, but guess what. Then Clinton had better growth. And then guess what. Bush II, again, like Nixon-Ford, negative growth in the stock market. What did that mean? That meant 401(k)s were worth less for retired peo-ple, and their security was less secure because the stock market went in the tank. And then what happened under Obama? The stock market went up. Now, lastly, I wanted to show this statistic. And this is a stark statistic because it shows that, under Demo-cratic Presidents, every segment, every wage level in America saw apprecia-tion. Now, this only goes back to 1967. So if we go to the lowest quintile, it went up higher under Democrats than Republicans in every quintile. And guess what. The highest quintile did better under Democrats, just as the lower quintile did better. But what you see is everybody did better. The only negative, of course, was under Repub-licans, where the second quintile went down over their years in office. So if you compare all of these, Mr. Speaker, it is not campaign rhetoric. It is not rhetoric on this floor, but it is economic facts, economic statistics. Economic reports show that, when we promised a better deal, we delivered a better deal. So as we look back on the past 6 months of Republicans’ broken prom-ises and failures to govern, let’s re-member there is, indeed, a better deal to be had. Democrats are ready to work with our Republican colleagues and with the administration to make progress. Mr. Speaker, I have been here 36 years, and one of the things I am proudest of, my Republican colleagues, many of them say: ‘‘HOYER will work with us in a way to compromise and make progress for our country.’’ But if our Republican colleagues continue to be unwilling to work in a bipartisan way, we are going to offer a clear and proven alternative—a proven alter-native. I hope my Republican colleagues will return from the August district work period ready to ensure that the Amer-ican people get a better deal and work with us constructively to get them that better deal. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE AMERICAN FARMER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, with the fall season fast approaching, Bucks County’s robust agricultural community is in full swing with the impending harvests, summer fairs, community projects, and recognition of the important work of the American farm family. In a few weeks, Bucks County will celebrate their 69th annual Middletown Grange Fair. From Wednesday, August 16, through Sunday, August 20, attendees from across our community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.005 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6472 July 27, 2017 
will have the amazing opportunity to come together to enjoy live entertain-ment, timeless carnival rides, tons of local food, animal demonstrations, and 4–H projects on display. Crowds will gather to see the antique equipment competition and exhibits in hundreds of categories ranging from a variety of vegetables, tomatoes, fresh flowers, and livestock to handcrafted quilts, jewelry, and woodwork. Mr. Speaker, as an annual attendee, I have seen firsthand how the Grange Fair brings our community together to enjoy the refreshing success of our local agricultural community. It is an event that helps people gain a better appreciation of the importance of agri-culture and how the agricultural indus-try sustains our local economy—not to mention all of the jobs that it creates. We love our farmers in Bucks Coun-ty. They have contributed so much to our community. They are an indispen-sable part of Bucks County’s past, and they will remain an indispensable part of Bucks County’s future. 
f 
INVEST IN THE NATION’S INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to our Nation’s in-frastructure. I am talking about our roads, our bridges, our rail corridors, our waterways and dams, the invest-ments that over two centuries have made America great, the greatest econ-omy in the world. We have a long history of investing in the infrastructure in America, start-ing with the canal and rail systems in the 19th century, the highways and air transportation systems in the 20th cen-tury. However, over the last 25 years, we have lived off the infrastructure in-vestments our parents and grand-parents made in the previous genera-tions. Why? Because there has been a lack of political will here in Washington, D.C., to make new investments. But Congress, working with the President, must face this challenge head-on. I believe there is bipartisan support for infrastructure investment, having been part of a bipartisan conversation this year with Members of Congress and with the administration. There is an attempt to offer a proposal to make major investments in our Nation’s in-frastructure. We are talking about four different areas. First, there needs to be an incen-tive component. I strongly support incentivizing States and local govern-ments to provide their own funding for these efforts. We know infrastructure projects move forward most effectively when local, State, and the Federal Gov-ernment all do their part. In the San Joaquin Valley in my dis-trict, Merced, Madera, and Fresno Counties have all increased their local sales tax to pay for critical transpor-tation projects. Earlier this year, Cali-fornia enacted a bill to increase State gas tax and vehicle fees to provide over $52 billion over the next 10 years in California for much-needed transpor-tation projects. And while more needs to be done in California, we know that, if we provide incentives across the country, States ought to come up and do their part as well. The second focus of the administra-tion’s action is to support projects in rural areas. On Wednesday last week, the Agriculture Committee held a hearing in which we discussed strategic infrastructure investments in rural areas with a goal of increasing oppor-tunities. The importance of investing in our rural areas cannot be over-stated. Too often, rural America gets left behind in the infrastructure and development conversation. I know be-cause I represent a large part of rural America in the San Joaquin Valley in California. The third focus is transformative projects, projects that make creative and dramatic changes. I have always supported and will continue to support these projects, such as high-speed rail in California, California WaterFix. b1030 Water is so critical to the West, espe-cially in the San Joaquin Valley. Water provides the food that we have on America’s dinner table every night. It is a national security issue. These projects support deeper, sys-temic change, and they can have a large-scale and lasting impact on the future development of our Nation. They are investments in our future, like those our parents and grand-parents made in the past. Lastly, the administration talks about a loan program. These can be helpful. Overall, I support these four compo-nents. But first we must not pick win-ners and losers when improving our Na-tion’s infrastructure. This is, of course, very challenging. We need to have a policy that must rank priorities and decide how much we spend and where we spend. We also must establish criteria to en-sure infrastructure decisions promote fair distribution and cost effectiveness, doing the most good in critical areas. Second, while I support public-pri-vate partnerships, they should not pro-vide subsidies to projects that the pri-vate sector would already finance themselves. Sound infrastructure is literally and figuratively the foundation of our Na-tion’s economy. It is what has made America the greatest economy in the world. Countries around the world are making investments in their infra-structure while the United States sits on the sidelines engaging in a political debate that does not reflect the reality of the policy choice we have and the decisions we must make. Mr. Speaker, we must come together as Democrats and Republicans to ad-dress these serious problems of our Na-tion’s infrastructure, and as Americans in a bipartisan way because no trans-portation system, no water infrastruc-ture system, no improvement in our energy grid, and all the other elements of our infrastructure are Democratic or Republican. They are the basis of an investment in America, and that is what we should be doing as Members of Congress with this administration. So let’s act as legislators. Let’s act and show that we can work together in a bipartisan fashion. Let’s show some profiles in courage. f 
THE BILL IMPORTANT TO ALL AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as we prepare the next farm bill, I rise today to speak about the impact that agriculture has on the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, our farmers, our economy, and our commu-nities. Agriculture is the number one indus-try in the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania. We proudly boast 58,200 farms, totaling more than 7.7 million acres of farmland. These farms contribute to a total economic impact of $45 billion from production, food processing, mar-keting, transportation, and manufac-turing. Mr. Speaker, the farm bill affects ev-eryone in Pennsylvania in various ways, just as it does families through-out the United States of America. It provides a safety net for farmers and ranchers during difficult times. It supports infrastructure and economic development in rural communities. It incentivizes good conservation prac-tices to protect our farmland and our environment. It helps provide access to nutritious, quality food for the least fortunate among us, as well as break-fasts and lunches for our school-children. The farm bill’s effects can be felt be-yond the ag industry. In 2015, the USDA rated the market value of all ag-ricultural production in Pennsylvania at $8.7 billion, and agricultural exports contributed $2 billion to the State economy. The strengthening impact that agri-culture has on the Pennsylvania econ-omy is significant and undeniable, yet it is only one example of agriculture’s vast influence on the lives of everyone in the Commonwealth. Agriculture em-ploys our residents, provides better health for our communities, and pro-motes agricultural exports. Agriculture touches the lives of mil-lions of Americans, and not just those who work as farmers or ranchers. Pennsylvania’s farmers look to the farm bill to protect their livelihood from weather disasters, to provide them a safety net when times are hard, and to ensure their ability to support their families and their communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.006 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6473 July 27, 2017 
Over 6 years, the USDA has invested more than $1.4 billion in Pennsylvania for programs that promote new mar-kets for farm and ranch products. These programs provide revenue and price loss payments to eligible pro-ducers. This legislation ensures that eligible acres are afforded disaster assistance in light of natural disasters and droughts, providing our farmers with a safeguard against the unpredictable elements of weather. Beyond supporting our farmers, the farm bill fortifies Pennsylvania’s infra-structure. The bill provides funding for the expansion of telecommunications, the improvement of water and waste-water infrastructure, and the construc-tion of community facilities like fire stations, hospitals, and libraries. It promotes growth in the commu-nity, the health of our children, and the well-being of Pennsylvania fami-lies. In 2016, more than 65 million breakfasts were served to more than 386,000 children in the School Breakfast Program. Last year, the State served more than 173 million lunches to 1 mil-lion students who participate in the program. Programs such as WIC, the Women, Infants, and Children program; and SNAP, the Supplemental Food and Nu-trition Program, help people in need put food on their tables. The farm bill truly impacts the lives of so many. Mr. Speaker, as vice chairman of the Agriculture Committee and chairman of the Nutrition Subcommittee, I look forward to producing a strong farm bill that will promote sound policies for ag-riculture in Pennsylvania and through-out the country. 
f 
REVIEWING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIRST 6 MONTHS IN OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, we are now at the 6-month point in President Trump’s time in office, and I think it is time we check in and do his review. President Trump has made a lot of campaign promises, and we should take a look at how he is living up to them. First, creating jobs. Let’s start with his claims that he would be the ‘‘great-est jobs producer that God ever cre-ated.’’ We haven’t seen any major action on President Trump’s jobs plan. His infra-structure week included no concrete details—pardon the pun—and his Made in America week meant nothing be-cause his own products have long been made overseas. Despite bragging that he was saving jobs at Carrier in Indiana, we have learned that Carrier is laying off 600 employees this month and sending those jobs to Mexico. After the Trump administration lob-bied hard for Ford to not move to Mex-ico, Ford announced it was moving the production of its Focus model to China instead. Not exactly a deal closer. As for creating jobs, that is an F. Draining the swamp. How about his promises to drain the swamp? President Trump has stacked his ad-ministration with insiders, opened the floodgates to more lobbyists, and is loading his administration with so many Goldman Sachs employees that the CEO of Goldman Sachs called it an ‘‘inconvenience.’’ Donald Trump hasn’t drained the swamp. He has merely built a high-rise luxury condo on it. That will get him an F as well. Accomplishments. President Trump has yet to sign any major legislative accomplishments into law. From re-pealing the Affordable Care Act to tax reform, to an infrastructure package, not one of his major initiatives has yet made it through Congress in over 6 months. Now, that may be good news for the working men and women of this country, but, still, as a grade, that gets him an F. Tweeting. Now, we have seen a lot of action on Twitter from this President, from insulting women and threatening journalists to relitigating the election against Secretary Clinton and shouting ‘‘fake news.’’ In fact, President Trump tweeted 991 times in his first 6 months in office with ‘‘fake news’’ being men-tioned almost twice as much as the word ‘‘jobs.’’ While he scores high on the volume of tweets, he is low on the content of tweets, so we are going to give him an incomplete in this area. Golfing. President Trump’s second fa-vorite activity after tweeting is golf-ing. According to CNN, in his first 6 months, President Trump spent 21 of his first 26 weekends in office at Trump properties and spent 40 days at Trump branded golf properties. So he is golf-ing for sure. Let’s give him an A. Covfefe. Now, that is not a word in the dictionary or that I know in the universe. I guess only Donald Trump knows what it really means, so I am guessing he would give himself an A be-cause there isn’t a grade higher until he invents one of those, too. But for the rest of us, that is not even incom-plete. That is just incoherent. Conflicts of interest. American tax-payers have been footing the bill for pricey trips to Trump branded prop-erties and trips benefiting the Trump family business in Canada, Uruguay, Mar-a-Lago in Florida, New York, and many others places. President Trump’s failure to separate himself from his conflicts of interest shows special in-terest groups around the world that in-fluence can be sold to the highest bid-der. I will give him an A because appar-ently he is excelling at selling out po-tential. Job approval. President Trump has finished first in one area. We all know he likes to be a winner. With a 36 per-cent approval rating, President Trump is the first President to have that low of a 6-month approval rating of any President in polls dating back 70 years. So from the American people, appar-ently that is an F. This has not been an impressive first 6 months, Mr. Speaker. If this were a reality show, I think we would be hear-ing the famous ‘‘you are fired, Mr. President.’’ But outside of that 6 months, just this week, Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump embarrassed himself with inappropriate comments before the Boy Scouts and insulted transgender Americans serving in the military. My only question, Mr. Speaker, is: When will the leadership on the other side of the aisle quit enabling him and start standing up for this country? America is not a reality show. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
IN MEMORY OF PFC JAMES T. STANFORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, this morning, I would like to recognize Ma-rine Private First Class James T. Stan-ford for his duty, his selfless service, and his sacrifice to our great Nation. Stanford was a native of Gadsden, Alabama, and he lost his life back in 1954 after a devastating explosion on board the aircraft carrier USS Bennington. I am honored to recognize Private First Class Stanford this morn-ing, who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our great Nation. Stanford attended Gadsden High School in Gadsden, Alabama, before en-listing in the United States Marine Corps on February 21, 1953. After com-pleting basic training at Parris Island, South Carolina, he was assigned to the USS Bennington in June 1953. On May 26, 1954, the USS Bennington was sailing off the coast of Rhode Is-land for aircraft carrier qualification when hydraulic fluid from a forward catapult caught fire. The resulting ex-plosion caused massive damage to the forward portion of the ship. It resulted in over 200 casualties, including 103 sailors and marines who lost their lives that day. On May 28, 1954, Private First Class James Stanford, at just 20 years old, succumbed to his critical burn wounds and passed away at Newport Naval Hospital in Rhode Island. By his side were his wife, the former Lou Moore; and his father, Mr. J.C. Stanford. James and his wife, Lou, had recently celebrated their first wedding anniver-sary. Mr. Speaker, may the sacrifice of Private First Class James T. Stanford and the other 102 sailors and marines who lost their lives as a result of that explosion onboard the USS Bennington on May 26, 1954, never be forgotten, and may those individuals be remembered as they gave their all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.008 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6474 July 27, 2017 
FUNDING A BORDER WALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, later this evening, perhaps early tomorrow morning, this body will be voting on a series of appropriations measures to fund our armed services and the VA. Tacked on to that, at the whim of the chairman of the Rules Committee, in what I can only describe as the most undemocratic, unrepresentative fash-ion, is a provision to fund a border wall between the United States and the country of Mexico to the tune of $1.6 billion, a mere down payment on total construction costs which are estimated to be over $20 billion. I think it is important, Mr. Speaker, that we keep in mind some very basic facts; the first being that the border between the United States and Mexico has never been safer or more secure. b1045 Last year and the year before, we saw record-low levels of northbound appre-hensions from Mexico. If you look at where we were in the year 2000, you had 1.6 million apprehensions from Mexico. Last year, you had a little over 400,000. Do you know who so many of those apprehensions were? They were kids, young families, scared and frightened, leaving the most horrific brutality that we can imagine from the Northern Triangle countries of Central America, literally fleeing for their lives to this country, which is comprised of immi-grants, refugees, and asylum seekers, and is the very foundation of our suc-cess. Apparently, this is who we are trying to wall off and protect ourselves from with this $1.6 billion boondoggle. We now see, in the last 4 years, that more Mexican nationals are leaving the United States for Mexico than are coming north from that country into ours. We have twice the Border Patrol agents that we did in 2001: 20,000 Border Patrol agents. Today, you and I, the American taxpayer, are spending $19.5 billion a year. We are long past the point of dimin-ishing returns with this very precious public resource. We are trying to solve, Mr. Speaker, a problem that we don’t have. Case in point: the city that I have the honor of serving and representing, El Paso, Texas, is regularly ranked the top, the second, or the third safest city, not just in Texas, but in the en-tire United States, using FBI crime statistics as crunched by CQ Press. We are the safest community, yes, because we have excellent local and Federal law enforcement, including the Border Patrol. But we are also the safest city because of, and not in spite of, the fact that a quarter of the people who I represent were born in another country, most of them in Mexico. They are not, Mr. Speaker, the rapists and criminals that then-Candidate Trump would have us believe that they are. So, if there is no rational, logical, fact-based case for a wall, why in the world would we be spending $1.6 billion on this, instead of creating more jobs or ensuring that more Americans can see a doctor or that more kids can go to a great school with excellent public school teachers? Here are some of the other con-sequences. There was excellent report-ing in The Texas Observer, followed up by the LA Times, on the Santa Ana Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. It is about 10 miles southeast of McAllen, Texas. It is the last refuge for the ocelot, for 400 different species of birds, bobcats, and armadillos. They are planning to build the wall right through that refuge. That be-longs to you, me, our families, and our descendants. That is our heritage that we are about to wall off and destroy. We are dividing communities; we are diminishing our relationship with Mex-ico, who should be our closest partner; and we are making our communities, including El Paso and other commu-nities in Texas, less safe, as we milita-rize them and as people who live amongst us question whether they can go to local law enforcement to report a crime, serve as a witness, testify in a case, or help contribute to the safety of our communities. Let me bring this fact to your atten-tion, Mr. Speaker. On Sunday, in a Walmart parking lot in San Antonio, Texas, the bodies of nine dead immi-grants were found in the back of a trailer. A tenth died later in the hos-pital. Tuesday morning, in El Paso, three bodies, including those of children, were dredged out of the canal that joins us with Cuidad Juarez and Mex-ico. Mr. Speaker, since 1998, 7,000 people— human beings—have died trying to cross into the United States. As we fur-ther militarize and wall up and make it harder for people to come as legitimate asylum seekers; refugees; folks who want to work in our economy; people who want to join their families, be with their moms, dads, brothers, and sisters, their children, we ensure great-er suffering and death. Mr. Speaker, we do not need a wall. We need comprehensive immigration reform. We need to treat each other with dignity and respect. That ensures our safety, security, and success. 
f 
VETERANS HOUSING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of veterans across the State of Wisconsin who have put themselves in harm’s way to defend this Nation. As citizens, we have a clear moral ob-ligation to ensure that they are able to receive the quality care that they need, deserve, and earned. The Department of Veterans Affairs is predicated on this very idea. Wisconsin Veterans Home at King, in my district, is a facility for homeless and at-risk veterans in northeast Wis-consin. Just last week, veterans housed there were notified the VA would no longer renew grants for housing pro-grams, an action that will result in the closing of this facility by the end of the calendar year. This unfortunate news has caused significant stress, uncertainty, and anxiety among the veterans commu-nity in northeast Wisconsin, and spe-cifically among the veterans at King, who now face the possibility of home-lessness. We cannot let this happen. We would be abandoning our duty if we let this happen. That is why I was proud to co-author a letter with the Speaker of the House, PAULRYAN, requesting answers from Secretary Shulkin on this vital matter. While we await answers, we must continue to bring attention to the con-cerns of our veterans and remain com-mitted to working together across the aisle to ensure that our veterans re-ceive the housing and care they vitally need and care that they have earned. 
GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM MEMORIAL  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I had the honor last week of welcoming a group of American heroes who jour-neyed from northeast Wisconsin to Washington, D.C., aboard the Old Glory Honor Flight. Generations of veterans, representing every major conflict since World War II, visited the very monuments that honor their courage and commitment. Just as these vets visited their re-spective memorials, so, too, should the brave men and women who have served and continue to serve in the ongoing war on terrorism in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the war that I was fighting 8 years ago. They, too, should have something to honor their sac-rifice. Under current law, a war must be over for at least 10 years before a me-morial can be built in its honor. That is why Representative M
OULTON and I have introduced legislation that would allow for a global war on terrorism me-morial. This war is unlike any preceding it. It has no end date. There will be no vic-tory date, no V-J Day. Threats con-tinue to rise, and so the longest ongo-ing conflict continues. After 15 years, and over 6,800 American lives lost, there is still no end in sight. This memorial is for the brave men and women who have died fighting, who continue to fight, and are still joining the fight against terrorism. If we are going to continue passing the torch from one generation to the next, we need to build this memorial so that future generations never forget their duty to do the same and to pass that torch. 
FARM TECHNOLOGY DAYS  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, agri-culture is a driving force behind our economy and a way of life in northeast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.010 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6475 July 27, 2017 
Wisconsin, which is why I was honored that Farm Technology Days decided to hold their annual event in Kewaunee County at Ebert Dairy Enterprises, an impressive sixth-generation family farm in Algoma. Farm Technology Days is the largest agricultural show in Wisconsin, and one of the largest in the Nation. The 3- day event showcases the latest im-provements in production agriculture, recent research findings, and techno-logical developments. Mr. Speaker, 15,000 hamburgers and 11,000 bowls of ice cream later, the event was a huge success for our local ag economy. The first day alone saw an attendance of over 10,000 people. Because of the hard work of the Ebert family and the nearly 2,000 vol-unteers who pitched in, northeast Wis-consin was able to demonstrate the powerful role we play in Wisconsin’s agriculture industry. 
f 
AVERTING A CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to defend the Constitu-tion and avert a constitutional crisis. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to defend democ-racy. I rise to protect the Republic. I rise to prevent a constitutional crisis that would be created, should any rogue President attempt to pardon himself. Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker: I do not believe that a President can pardon himself. The ability to pardon is the ability to forgive. I do not believe that a President can forgive himself for crimes committed. I do not believe that the Constitution allows a Presi-dent to forgive himself for the most egregious crimes barred by our laws. I do not believe that a President could pardon himself or forgive himself for the crime of treason. I do not be-lieve that this country would allow such a thing to exist, and if a President attempted to do it, we would have a constitutional crisis. So I rise today to prevent a constitu-tional crisis. I don’t believe that the Constitution would allow it, but I want to prevent the crisis, should some rogue President attempt it. So, Mr. Speaker, I have a simple amendment to the Constitution that would avert this crisis. It reads: The President shall have no power to grant to himself a reprieve or pardon for an offense against the United States. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the great and noble American ideals that we hold dear and that we protect with everything that is near and dear to us. We use our very bodies to protect it. Our men and women will go to dis-tant places to protect these noble and great ideals, and many don’t return the same way they left. These ideals would be put at risk if some rogue President decided to par-don himself. We would have a constitu-tional crisis. I am honored, Mr. Speaker, to say that this amendment will be filed later today, and there are two other Mem-bers of Congress that I am proud to have associated with me on this amendment. They are the Honorable BRADSHERMAN and the Honorable S ETH M
OULTON . We are filing this amendment not be-cause we believe that a President can self-pardon, but if some President at-tempted to do it, this amendment would be there for us to act expedi-tiously and prevent it. Mr. Speaker, this is the solution that I hope we never have to use. I pray that this amendment never has to be pushed through, but I am so proud to have it there, in the event it is needed. 
f 
POW/MIA SELECT COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, the fourth line in the Warrior Ethos reads: ‘‘I will never leave a fallen comrade.’’ Every soldier who passes through Army basic training knows this motto, and truly it is the spirit of our entire military. Currently, more than 75,000 Ameri-cans are unaccounted for from conflicts ranging from World War II to the war on terror. We must continue to vindi-cate the spirit of the Warrior Ethos and aid our military to make sure that we never leave any servicemembers be-hind, which is why I am cosponsoring a resolution for the creation of a Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs in the House. This select committee will be respon-sible for investigating these unac-counted for servicemembers and finally bring peace of mind and closure to their families. So, Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that we not abandon this obligation and that we help our brave service-members never leave behind a fallen comrade. 
ENDING UNNECESSARY SHARK FINNING  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, sharks are being killed 30 percent faster than they are able to reproduce, which is having a serious impact on our ocean’s ecosytem. One contributor to this de-cline is an inhumane practice that is known as ‘‘finning.’’ Finning is the removal of the fins from a shark and, often times, is done while the shark is still alive. These fins are mostly used for shark fin soup, which is a traditional soup seen in many Asian countries. After har-vesting the fins, these sharks are thrown back into the ocean, where they are left to die from suffocation, blood loss, or be killed by other preda-tors, since they have no way of having an opportunity to defend themselves. That is why I am cosponsoring the Shark Fins Elimination Act, which will make it illegal to possess, buy, or sell shark fins, unless the shark was lawfully taken with a license or per-mit. This bipartisan effort will protect the fragility of our ocean wildlife and prevent these cruel practices. f 
b1100 TRUMPCARE AND PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for 5 minutes. The gentlewoman will suspend. The Chair would advise the gentle-woman to remove the chart from the well. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, would the Chair tell us why. The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is the determination of the Chair that it is a breach of the decorum of the House. The gentlewoman may proceed. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was the 27th anniversary of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act. It is a day to reflect on how people with disabilities are treated in our society. Our President indicated to us what he thinks about people with disabilities long before he was elected when he mocked a disabled reporter. Mocking the disabled is rude and insensitive, and it sends a terrible message to our children. Who are the disabled people who were mocked that day? They are veterans who lost a limb or suffered a traumatic brain injury while courageously serv-ing our country. They are children who were born with serious medical condi-tions like autism, Down syndrome, and cerebral palsy. They are victims of workplace accidents and car accidents. They are victims of mass shootings and terrorist attacks. They are senior citi-zens in nursing homes. They are our mothers and fathers, our brothers and sisters, our friends and neighbors, and our children. They might be with us today or they may be with us a year from now. They deserve to be treated with respect, and they deserve quality healthcare. Given that we already know about the attitudes that have been displayed against them, it should come as no sur-prise that TrumpCare would have a devastating impact on people with dis-abilities. The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office has scored several versions of TrumpCare. Most would cause at least 22 million people to lose their health insurance. The so-called repeal only bill, which repeals the Affordable Care Act and does not replace it with any-thing, would cause 32 million people to lose their health insurance. Even the so-called skinny TrumpCare would cause 16 million people to lose health insurance and increase premiums by 20 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.012 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6476 July 27, 2017 
When people with disabilities lose their health insurance, they cannot get affordable treatment for their medical conditions; and when healthy people lose their health insurance and then become disabled, they, too, will not be able to find affordable treatment for their injuries. Furthermore, when they try to find a new health policy, their disability will be considered a pre-existing condition. TrumpCare cuts more than $700 bil-lion from Medicaid. According to an analysis by the Center for American Progress, more than 15 million children and adults with disabilities rely on Medicaid for their health coverage and could lose it if TrumpCare became law. The President’s budget would also have a very devastating impact on all people with disabilities. Trump’s budg-et cuts $50 billion over the next 10 years from benefits earned by Amer-ican veterans who are unable to work because of a service-connected dis-ability. His budget cuts billions from Social Security Disability Insurance, which provides earned benefits to workers who become disabled after years of paying Social Security taxes on their earnings. His budget cuts billions from Supple-mental Security Income, which pro-tects vulnerable people with disabil-ities, including 1.2 million children who suffer from conditions such as Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, au-tism, intellectual disabilities, and blindness. His budget cuts funding for the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act by $113 million, jeopardizing special education services for students with disabilities. His budget cuts funding for housing for persons with disabilities by 20 per-cent. His budget eliminates the Limb Loss Resource Center and the Paralysis Re-source Center, which cuts support for people with traumatic brain injuries by 67 percent and cuts funding for the Na-tional Center on Birth Defects and De-velopmental Disabilities by 26 percent. It even eliminates Special Olympics Education. In conclusion, people with disabil-ities deserve better. That is why we must raise our voices to support them, oppose these budget cuts that target them, and protect their healthcare. Stopping TrumpCare is not about politics. It is a matter of life and death, and this is especially true for people with disabilities. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF STEVE ROCKFORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) for 5 min-utes. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of my friend, Steve Rockford, who passed away last week following his 5- year battle with ALS, Lou Gehrig’s dis-ease. I first met Steve when he came here to Washington, D.C., to advocate on be-half of more funding for ALS research, and I was really struck by his coura-geously uplifting demeanor in the midst of a very dark prognosis. Steve came to my office, was all smiles, brought me this pack of cards where his card was on the top. As you can see right here, Steve leaves behind his wife, Tammie, and his five children. While this terrible disease attacked Steve’s body, it really never touched his resolve. He held a positive and in-spirational mindset throughout not only the diagnosis and his treatments, but throughout his fight against ALS. He never let Lou Gehrig’s disease bring him down. Steve actually sent me text messages every day, and it is sad that I don’t get them anymore, and we know why. His text messages would have Biblical verses, inspirational messages from a man who was fighting a disease that he knew he was not going to live through. That tells you a lot about Steve Rockford, a former wrestling coach at Southeast High School in Springfield, Illinois. He is somebody who taught others how to lift themselves up. And while he was fighting the fight of his life, he taught me what it was like to be lifted up by someone so special. ALS is a devastating disease. It at-tacks the body. It never stops relent-ing. It is estimated that 20,000 people have this disease at any given time, and only 20 percent of those affected with ALS live more than 5 years after diagnosis. We must follow Steve’s request to fund research at the National Insti-tutes of Health to ensure that diseases like ALS are eradicated and that those afflicted with the disease have access to home health services and rehabilita-tion equipment. While facing a debilitating disease and diagnosis, as you can tell, Steve did not despair, falter, or surrender. Steve Rockford is a hero to me. He is a hero to many in his hometown of Springfield, Illinois. I am a better man for knowing Steve Rockford. Please continue to keep his wife, Tammie, and their five beautiful chil-dren right here in this picture, please keep them in your thoughts and pray-ers. Steve, we are going to miss you. I am sure you are having fun up there. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 8 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. f 
PRAYER Dr. George Dillard, Peachtree City Christian Church, Peachtree City, Georgia, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, we humbly come be-fore You as leaders in a nation that seems to have lost its way. We seek Your help this day and in the future, Your guidance to help us return to a place where liberty and justice is for all. Remind us that liberty and justice go hand in hand and that liberty can-not exist if there is not justice for the innocent. Teach us to protect life, to be a ref-uge for immigrants, the unborn, the aged, the orphaned, the widows, the homeless, the family, the oppressed, those in danger, every race, and our veterans. Help us to see that unity is stronger than division. Remind us that consensus without truth is confusion and that power with-out control is destructive. Remind us again that out of the many should come the one. Give us compassion, strength under control, humility and grace. Lead us, Father, through this valley that we might stand on the mountain proclaiming with one voice that we are the united people of America. In Jesus Christ’s name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. FASO led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. GEORGE DILLARD The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. George Dillard, whose leadership and guidance have made him a valuable member of the community in Peachtree City and Georgia’s Third District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.014 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6477 July 27, 2017 
George was born in 1958, in Jackson-ville, Florida, while his dad served in the Navy. He grew up in the Eastpoint Christian Church where he was or-dained into ministry in 1982. He graduated with a bachelor of science degree from Atlanta Christian College in 1983, and answered the call for the First Christian Church in Rincon, Georgia, in 1985, where he began his first full-time ministry. In 1993, George and his family moved to Peachtree City to serve the Peach-tree City Christian Church, where he continues today. George has been married to his wife, Renee, since 1988, and they have three children and one grandchild. George and his family live in Peachtree City, Georgia. I want to commend Dr. Dillard for his commitment to our community. There is not a week that goes by where George isn’t a visible and welcoming part of the Fayette County commu-nity. The grace and love he has shown his parishioners and neighbors throughout his 24 years in Peachtree City is unpar-alleled. I am truly honored to have Dr. George Dillard here with us here today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Mr. Ralph P. Avery of Claverack, New York, who will soon be awarded the French Le-gion of Honor Medal. Mr. Avery served in the U.S. Navy during World War II as a crew member of an LCT–571 landing craft built in up-state New York. He bravely stormed Omaha Beach on D-day in defense of our freedoms and in service of Euro-pean liberation. On that historic day, he courageously manned a 20-millimeter gun, firing upon enemy positions. For his heroic actions in combat and their impor-tance to our French allies, next month Mr. Avery will be formally awarded the French Legion of Honor Medal, France’s highest honor. Mr. Avery has been awarded the American Campaign Medal, the Euro-pean African Middle East Campaign Medal with a Campaign Star for the in-vasion of Normandy, the Navy Combat Action Ribbon, and the World War II Victory Medal. Mr. Speaker, we thank Ralph P. Avery and his fellow veterans for their outstanding service to America and the cause of liberty. f 
THE BORDER WALL IS EXPENSIVE AND UNNECESSARY (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, President Trump’s immigration policies are unpopular. They don’t pro-tect our national security and don’t promote our ideals as a nation. Nowhere is that more apparent than his repeated calls for a border wall. This wall is so unpopular and nonsen-sical that the House has now resorted to funding it without even a straight up-or-down vote. Why are they doing this? Not only to give the President a much-needed win, but to fool the American taxpayer who was repeatedly promised that Mexico would pay for this wall. The border wall is expensive and un-necessary. It is opposed not only by a huge majority of Americans, but also by those living on the border. Now, Members of Congress are being forced to choose between voting for the wall and voting to fund our military. I support our servicemembers. I spent 30 years in Active and Reserve Duty. I am a member of the House Armed Services Committee. I want to improve the readiness of our Armed Forces, but I cannot and will not support a multi- billion dollar wall that Members of both sides of the aisle now know is un-necessary and ineffective. I will not throw away $1.6 billion to feed the President’s ego. On this issue, the American people deserve to know ex-actly where their representatives stand. 
f 
PEACE CORPS ANGEL ABROAD— JENNIFER MAMOLA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Jen-nifer Mamola represents the very best of America. She volunteered for the Peace Corps at 26 and served in Ugan-da. While there, tragically, she was hit from behind by a drunk driver, break-ing both of her legs. Her life changed forever. When she returned home to America, she faced an uphill battle to get treat-ment and endless bureaucracy. After 3 months, the Peace Corps stopped cov-ering her medical costs and sent her to face the bureaucracy of the Depart-ment of Labor. Instead of serving as a resource, the Peace Corps’ postservice unit was no help at all. When she reached out ask-ing for mental health services, they ig-nored her. She has undergone four sur-geries and endless hours of agony. America’s angels abroad deserve bet-ter. My legislation will ensure that Peace Corps volunteers have medical care in foreign countries and in Amer-ica when they return home. I want to welcome Jennifer to the House Chamber today. Congress appre-ciates her service as a Peace Corps vol-unteer, and we must provide help for wonderful people like her. And that is just the way it is. f 
DON’T POLITICIZE NATIONAL SE-CURITY POLICYMAKING IN CON-GRESS (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, the House is currently considering the minibus, which would fund certain Federal agencies in the next fiscal year. As a former Pentagon aide, I have op-posed efforts to politicize national se-curity policymaking in Congress. That is why I introduced a bill to bar polit-ical operatives from serving on the Na-tional Security Council, and was proud when Steve Bannon was removed from the NSC. The minibus provides robust funding for the Defense Department, the same funding that I proudly voted to author-ize as a member of the Armed Services Committee. Sadly, House leadership has taken a strong bipartisan bill and contaminated it by adding a provision assigning $1.6 billion to construct a border wall. This provision is opposed by public officials from both parties who actu-ally live along the southwest border, and it will do nothing to keep my con-stituents in central Florida safe. The money could be better spent to expand an underfunded counterterrorism pro-gram that Orlando has been excluded from, or to enhance security at our air and seaports. In short, this funding should be used to give the American people real secu-rity, not politically motivated gim-micks. 
f 
MORRISVILLE 12U SOFTBALL TEAM WINS PENNSYLVANIA STATE TITLE (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Morrisville 12U Softball Team. These incredible young athletes from our district won the Pennsylvania State title and advanced to the regional tournament in Bristol, Connecticut, to represent the entire State of Pennsylvania. Not only did these young ladies play an incredible season, of which they should be ex-tremely proud, they did so while hon-oring a member of our community. The team dedicated their postseason play to the memory of Ms. Donna Rossi, a committed league volunteer and supporter who passed away fol-lowing a battle with cancer shortly be-fore the first district game. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.016 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6478 July 27, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I am so proud of the ac-complishments of these young ladies: Ainsley McClure; Rowan Mulholland; Katey Brennan; Molly Milewski; Ella Visco; Laney Freiband; Caitlyn Martell; Ahlana Sesar; Quinn McGonigle; Emma Hause; Riley Mahony; Hannah Hawkes; Brielle Crawford; and managers and coaches Joe Sesar, Andy Mahony, and Tim Hawkes. Each one of these individuals should be proud of the example they have set both on and off the field. They do cred-it to themselves, to their families, and to our community, and we are so proud of them. 
f 
PROTECTING DACA (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about the American Dream and those who need protection who are striving to fulfill it. These are individ-uals who have come to this country as children, as infants, through no fault of their own, and America is the only country they have ever known. In es-sence, they are Americans. Recognizing these realities, the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program was created in 2012, otherwise known as DACA. Since that time, DACA has granted hundreds of thousands of young immi-grants the stability and the protection needed to pursue a college degree and seek employment, to be a part of America’s future. If we eliminate DACA, these students could see their pursuit of the American Dream swept away beneath them. In California’s San Joaquin Valley, this could happen to over 500 students at the University of California, Merced, who I represent, as well as over 1,000 students at Fresno State University. Some here in Washington plan on trying to eliminate DACA in coming months, and I stand here to say we can-not let that happen. I urge the administration and those to stand with those of us who want to protect the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals program and allow these folks to pursue the same American Dream that our parents, grandparents, and previous generations were able to do. Let’s keep DACA. 
f 
PANAMA CITY BEACH AND GOVERNMENT RED TAPE (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight a prime example of how needless government regulation is wasting both taxpayers’ time and money. In my district in Florida, on the beautiful Gulf Coast, we are susceptible to hurricanes with damaging winds and flooding. Sometimes roads get washed out. Back in November of 2014, Panama City Beach applied for a Federal grant from FEMA to improve drainage and alleviate flooding of Front Beach Road. The project involves the installation of just two culverts under the road for storm runoff. This is not building the pyramids. Three years later, local officials have submitted more than 900 pages of pa-perwork and spent countless hours working on this application. All this is for a project that will take just 1 week to construct and involves a grant of only $170,000. Mr. Speaker, this is exactly the kind of crushing red tape that our constitu-ents face on a regular basis, and this is what we are working to fix. f 
SUPPORTING THE RUSSIA, IRAN, AND NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS ACT (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3364, the Russia, Iran, and North Korea Sanctions Act. These sanctions are critical to coun-tering aggressive and destabilizing ac-tions by Russia, Iran, and North Korea, sending a strong message at a critical moment. Iran has continued its illegal bal-listic missile program, its support for terrorism, and its atrocious human rights record; North Korea has contin-ued to pursue its dangerous develop-ment of nuclear weapons; Russia has maintained its aggression in Ukraine, its illegal occupation of Crimea, and its destabilizing actions in Syria. These sanctions also send a long overdue response to the Kremlin’s at-tacks on our elections here at home. I commend this body for coming to-gether on this important American na-tional security issue. I call upon the Senate to pass this legislation and for the President to sign it. 
f 
b1215 SOUTH CAROLINA IS RIGHT FOR BUSINESSES (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week The Boyd Company released their annual report con-firming that South Carolina is the best State to locate or expand a business for jobs. As reported in The Spartanburg Her-ald-Journal on Monday, the Palmetto State ranks the lowest in the Nation in annual operating costs for advanced manufacturing companies. This success is also improved by low property taxes and being a right-to-work State, which has helped recruit high-quality jobs for South Carolina families by remarkable companies, including BMW, Michelin, Boeing, Volvo, MTU, and more. South Carolina is also a competitive State to create jobs because of our edu-cated workforce. Working with readySC and Apprenticeship Carolina, businesses have technical colleges to close the skills gap and hire employees for highly technical jobs, enhanced with positive Federal legislation. I appreciate the leadership of local chambers of commerce in creating jobs, working with Governor Henry McMaster and Secretary of Commerce Bobby Hitt. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING ON BORDER WALL (Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to speak out against the wasteful spending of $1.6 billion of taxpayers’ money. These funds will be used to construct unnecessary barriers along our South-ern border, destroying wildlife habi-tats, and violating property rights of Americans. If we want to be more se-cure, we should appropriately fund to address CBP staffing issues, to main-tain and upgrade aerostats and other technology, and to provide CBP with the resources it actually needs to con-tinue maintaining a safe and secure border. Building a wall along our Southern border will put us on the wrong side of history. It will also be a shameful act in front of the international commu-nity that is watching us. Mr. Speaker, I support the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s mission to safeguard the American people, our homeland, and our values. These are not our values. But the congressional misallocation of over $1.5 billion does not help to accomplish this goal. I urge my colleagues to oppose the funding of this expensive, unnecessary wall. I call on them to find more pro-ductive and effective uses of this fund in a way that better helps the Amer-ican people and is on the right side of American history. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARIENVILLE VOL-UNTEER FIRE COMPANY ON 125 YEARS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late the Marienville Volunteer Fire Company as it celebrates 125 years of service on Saturday, August 19. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.018 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6479 July 27, 2017 
Marienville Volunteer Fire Company began in 1892 at the home of Dan Moriarty as a small group of men with a wagon, a pump, and a determination to keep their community safe. In 1902, a great fire ripped through the area, destroying a substantial sec-tion of Marienville. In response, the company came together to raise money for better equipment, and soon became a well-organized department with offi-cial uniforms, its first fire truck, and a firehouse on North Forest Street. As the team grew, a new building was built on North Forest Street that still houses the company today. Today there are about 40 active members under the direction of President Ran-dall Parrett and Fire Chief Greg Geyer. As a state-certified firefighter, EMT, and rescue technician myself, I know these firefighters are always ready to answer the call. Mr. Speaker, I proudly congratulate the Marienville Volunteer Fire Com-pany on this outstanding milestone, and I thank each member of the com-pany for their service. 
f 
HONORING RAMON ANIBAL RAMOS, A TRUE LEADER (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ramon Anibal Ramos, a leading communicator and television producer born in Ingenio Angelina, San Pedro de Macoris, in the Dominican Republic. Ramon has had a long and successful career. Ramon obtained his passport through the ‘‘‘Fiesta’ de Tele Antillas’’ program. His show, the ‘‘Ramon Anibal Show,’’ is focused on the dissemination of positive news, positive stories about people, particularly immigrants that have excelled in America, and particu-larly in New York. Throughout all of this time, particu-larly during the negative anti-immi-grant rhetoric that is going on right now, including this week’s push to build a divisive border wall, Ramon Anibal is the embodiment of being an immigrant, a pioneer, and successful contributor to our community. Thank you, Ramon, for being such a role model and leader in our commu-nity. Ramon Anibal Ramos, ‘‘the best of cable,’’ ‘‘lo mejor del cable.’’ 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF JUDGE FRED A. STINE (Mr. MASSIE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the retirement of Judge Fred A. Stine, the Chief Circuit Court Judge of the 17th Judicial Cir-cuit in Campbell County, Kentucky. Judge Stine graduated from the Uni-versity of Cincinnati in 1973, and re-ceived his J.D. from the Salmon P. Chase College of Law at Northern Ken-tucky University in 1978. He then worked in private practice for 2 years until his appointment as the Assistant United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky. Judge Stine has honorably served the Commonwealth as circuit court judge since 2005. He has many awards, which include a Distinguished Service Rec-ognition from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and a Special Recogni-tion for Victims’ Rights from the U.S. Department of Justice. Throughout his career and despite his heavy case docket, Judge Stine selflessly gave his time to serve his community. Judge Stine is a true pub-lic servant who has served his State and Nation well. On behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and all of the citizens of the Fourth District, I am honored to wish Judge Fred A. Stine the very best in his retirement. Thank you from us all. f 
BORDER WALL FUNDING IN MINIBUS PACKAGE (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, recall Presi-dent Trump’s promise on the campaign trail: we will build a wall and have Mexico pay for it. Not only is it costly and unneces-sary, but it will do more to divide America than it will to keep us safe. First, taking the fact that Mexico is not paying for it, nor would anybody in their right mind think that Mexico was ever going to pay for it, now he is ask-ing for $1.6 billion of Americans’ hard-working taxpayers to pay for it. We already have 650 miles of border fencing, but representing the Sunshine State, with over 1,000 miles of coast-line, this isn’t going to make us safer. It is not going to help us at all. And then you look to how there are racial undertones to this. Notice how there is a focus on the Southern border, but not the Northern border? While I would not support that, we can’t help but notice that this is fo-cused on dividing America on racial lines, on making us less safe and on wasting taxpayer dollars. It is time to unite America. It is time to look forward to a safer America, and spend our money on the Coast Guard, on custom border control, and other works that will make us safer. 
f 
REPEAL INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS’ CLASSIFICATION (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, during my ‘‘Freedom Fridays’’ series, each week I highlight burdensome regulations that limit American freedom. This week, my focus is on the Obama administra-tion’s net neutrality policy. The internet is one of the greatest in-novations ever. This has largely been possible because of the Federal Govern-ment’s regulatory absence from the in-dustry. Yet the Obama administration, in one of many cases of overregulation, took a radical step to inappropriately insert government interference. In 2015, the FCC adopted a rule to re-classify internet service providers as ‘‘common carriers’’ under title II of the Communications Act of 1934. This re-classification caused undue burdens for American ISPs and consumers. The Trump administration has been supportive of rolling back the Obama- era regulation. Now Congress needs to limit the authority of Federal bureau-crats and preserve a free and open internet. We should repeal the 2015 rule and prevent the FCC from issuing a similar rule. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to join me in restoring internet freedom. f 
OPPOSE FUNDING FOR BORDER WALL (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, Americans don’t want to pay a single dime of Fed-eral money to pay for the President’s wall. During the Presidential campaign, this was a very provocative claim, and he said Mexico would pay for it. So why does the defense appropria-tions bill have a blank check for this wall? I, like so many of my colleagues, in-cluding Republicans, know that this wall is unnecessary and environ-mentally catastrophic. It will require us to seize property through imminent domain. It is inef-fective, just like Homeland Security Secretary Kelly has said. I urge my colleagues to oppose fund-ing for this ill-gotten wall, to vote against the rule before us today, and begin to work on an honest conversa-tion about the types of immigration re-form that our country needs. 
f 
SUPPORT THE GENERAL AVIATION COMMUNITY (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I was dis-appointed last week to read about some criticizing the general aviation com-munity as a ‘‘special interest group’’ that was trying to stand in the way of progress and modernization. We are for modernization, as mod-ernization has already taken off, and we have been partners from the very beginning. The fact of the matter is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.020 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6480 July 27, 2017 
that GA is not some special interest group. We are family, friends, and neighbors. There are doctors, teachers, community leaders, and, most impor-tantly, small businessmen that rely on general aviation to create jobs. They are just like, in fact, my son, Ryan, who is with us today, who abso-lutely loves aviation and wants to be a pilot when he grows up. And that is be-cause he has been exposed to general aviation. General aviation is an important part of our community and our econ-omy. It employs 1.2 million people and adds $219 billion, Mr. Speaker, of eco-nomic output. So I ask my colleagues to side with general aviation on any bill that comes to the floor, like the one that came out of the Transportation Committee, and vote against such measures. Moving a system where everyone is treated equally to a system where one user benefits over another is a bad idea and one that we should reject as anath-ema to American exceptionalism. 
f 
DEMOCRACY IS IN JEOPARDY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Judiciary Committee brought be-fore the House a motion of inquiry that was introduced to seek answers to some of the issues concerning the fir-ing of James Comey and Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions’ role therein. Instead of passing that and dealing with issues that are fundamental to de-mocracy and the respect our citizens may or may not have for its govern-ment, the Republicans put a substitute amendment in, raising all kinds of questions about Hillary Clinton. They did everything but yell: ‘‘Lock her up.’’ It was a disgusting display of the ma-jority taking advantage of the minor-ity, squelching our voice, and taking the subject away from what is a serious issue concerning obstruction of justice and the potential obstruction of justice that could come about if there is an at-tempt to fire Mr. Mueller. Instead, they concentrated on old ha-rangues about Hillary Clinton. It was not a good day for democracy. We need to be aware of the fact that our democracy is in jeopardy, and we need to be alert at every moment and try to find every answer. 
f 
b1230 CONGRATULATING CRITTENTON HOSPITAL ON ITS 50TH ANNIVER-SARY (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to pay tribute and con-gratulate Crittenton Hospital as we commemorate its 50th anniversary in the Rochester, Michigan, community. Over the past 50 years, Crittenton Hospital has faithfully dedicated itself to serving the Rochester area commu-nity and all of its citizens. Since open-ing its doors in 1967, Crittenton Hos-pital has expanded to meet the needs of a growing community while keeping pace with advances in healthcare tech-nology and modern approaches to med-icine. The longevity enjoyed by Crittenton Hospital is a testament to its unique and enduring impact on our commu-nity. Its dedication to our residents en-sures that Crittenton Hospital will continue to serve and care for patients for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recog-nize Crittenton Hospital’s 50th anniver-sary. I thank Crittenton Hospital for its commitment to the people it serves and to our entire Rochester area com-munity. f 
HIGH-SKILLED IMMIGRANT WORKERS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, more than 700,000 high-skilled immigrant workers from India are in the United States today on temporary work visas. These people are working hard every day helping grow our economy and raising their children as Americans right here in our communities. But under our legal immigration sys-tem, they are essentially here as inden-tured servants, stuck in a cycle of tem-porary work visas, unable to change jobs or even start their own businesses to create more American jobs. They are stuck because of the arbitrary 7- percent-per-nation cap on employment- based green cards. Now there is a mother in Greenland whose unborn child will be able to ob-tain permanent residence in America before someone from India who has al-ready been working here for years. That is absurd, and it is wrong. My bill, called the Fairness for High- Skilled Immigrants Act, would fix this problem. It would transition us to a first come, first served, merit-based legal immigration system. It would help these people in need, and it would help create new jobs. Mr. Speaker, with more than 230 co-sponsors, it is time to pass this bill and get this done. 
f 
THE PEOPLE’S RIGHT TO JUSTICE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, one of my predecessors set the standard for service to this Nation, among many, certainly—the Honorable Mickey Le-land and Craig Washington—but the Honorable Barbara Jordan served on the Judiciary Committee. It was her standard during the Watergate im-peachment hearings that set the Na-tion afire about the relevancy of the people’s right to justice. That is why I hold this Constitution in hand and rise to the floor today to express my concern of the issues sur-rounding the Attorney General and the potential firing of the special counsel, Mr. Mueller. This book that has the Constitution in it guarantees three equal branches of government. There is an orderliness to the responsibilities of the Executive and of the United States Congress. We have oversight. The people want answers regarding Russian collusion and the steering of the election to one person over the other. Yes, they want jobs and opportu-nities, but we have the opportunity—or the responsibility—to clean our kitch-en up. I am very concerned about any exec-utive, any Commander in Chief, who would suggest, in violation of the Con-stitution, that they would fire the At-torney General and then have the op-portunity to ensure that the special counsel was fired in contravention of the American people’s desires. That is why I have introduced H. Res. 474, to cause this Congress to dis-approve of any firing of the special counsel and reckless pardons of those who are under investigation. f 
THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, this administration was elected to drain the swamp, and one of the muckiest parts is the Export-Import Bank that makes taxpayer-guarantied loans to foreign companies that buy American prod-ucts, often to use in competition with American companies that get no such advantage. Now, when politicians are picking winners and losers in the shadows, it shouldn’t surprise us that we find a particularly nasty breeding ground for corruption. We can debate the merits of the Ex- Im Bank, but one thing is undeniable: it is an agency that needs a taxpayer watchdog on its board and not just an-other lapdog for crony capitalists seek-ing to fleece the taxpayer. Scott Garrett is a watchdog. He has sounded the alarm on the Ex-Im’s more questionable loans, and his leadership on its board would restore credibility to its decisions. The bank’s supporters should wel-come an independent voice that could restore its reputation, and the Presi-dent should insist on it. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 3219, DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.022 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6481 July 27, 2017 
call up House Resolution 478 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 478 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes. The further amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole. S
EC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution, and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 473. (b) Each further amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amend-ments described in section 4 of House Resolu-tion 473, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against further amendments printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution are waived. S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropria-tions or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of further amendments print-ed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc of-fered pursuant to this section shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for 20 min-utes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their re-spective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 473, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. S
EC. 5. It shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of July 27, 2017, or July 28, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. SLAUGH -
TER), my friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolu-tion, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, the House Rules Committee met yesterday and reported a rule, House Resolution 478, providing for further consideration of H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act of 2018. This legis-lation includes four individual appro-priations bills: Defense, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction-Veterans Affairs. The rule provides for further consider-ation of H.R. 3219 under a structured rule. Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for consideration of a critical measure that will prioritize funding for impor-tant components of our national secu-rity. This legislation directs funding for our troops and their families, our Nation’s veterans, the legislative branch and United States Capitol Po-lice, border and nuclear security, en-ergy and water infrastructure invest-ments, and vital appropriations to en-sure our military has the equipment and readiness necessary to keep the Nation safe. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is com-posed of the serious and essential work conducted by the House Appropriations Committee over the past many months. As an appropriator and a member of this committee, I fully ap-preciate and understand the hard work my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have put in to report these key meas-ures we have before us today. The most important job we have as Members of Congress is ensuring the safety of our Nation. By supporting this rule, we can move the national se-curity package forward. H.R. 3219 includes a 2.4 percent pay increase for our troops. That is the largest military pay increase in 8 years. It keeps our military on the cut-ting edge of defense technology by in-vesting in research and development and in equipment and weapons procure-ment. Under the legislation, we will re-store readiness shortfalls and make much-needed critical investments for our troops to address ongoing threats around the globe. We must provide support for our troops to combat terrorism and defeat ISIS. With the legislation, we take a major step forward in restoring the devastating cuts our Armed Forces faced under the Obama administration. The bill also increases funding for con-struction of critical military infra-structure to keep our troops safe and prepared. The bill also provides for critical safety and enhanced security functions for the United States Capitol. In light of the recent horrific attack on our col-leagues, on staff, and on the Capitol Police, the legislation provides in-creased funding for the Capitol Police toward increased training, equipment, and technology-related support. The men and women who guard these hallowed Halls deserve to have access to every resource needed to do their job as safely and as effectively as possible. Under this bill, H.R. 3219, we can en-sure that the Capitol Police and House Sergeant at Arms are equipped with these critical enhancements. Regarding the important Energy and Water provisions included in the bill, the underlying legislation will improve public safety, will create jobs, and will grow our economy by funding the Army Corps of Engineers, prioritizing navigation projects and studies. H.R. 3219 reduces regulatory red tape, including authorizing the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency as well as the Secretary of the Army to withdraw from the dev-astating waters of the United States rule. The bill also funds important Depart-ment of Energy programs, including nuclear cleanup efforts, such as the Hanford Site, which is located in my district in central Washington State, as well as nuclear weapons programs to strengthen our national security. Mr. Speaker, this legislation also provides the highest level of funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs in our Nation’s history, ensuring that we keep the commitment to those who have defended our Nation. It supports vital medical care for our veterans, in-cluding mental healthcare services, suicide prevention activities, trau-matic brain treatment, opioid abuse prevention, and homeless veteran serv-ices. There are some issues here in Con-gress that are nonpartisan. Every sin-gle one of our colleagues here in the U.S. House of Representatives believes we must provide the best care possible for our Nation’s veterans. I am proud of the significant strides this legisla-tion takes to support veterans across the country. The rule we consider here today pro-vides for the consideration of a bill that is critically important to keeping our Nation safe. b1245 By passing this legislation, we will continue to rebuild our military, en-sure we maintain our military superi-ority, and boost defense efforts in the face of rising global threats. The bill will aid in supporting our troops and their families, and improve access to care for our veterans. It will increase the safety of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.025 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6482 July 27, 2017 
States Capitol complex for Members and staff who serve here; for constitu-ents, as well as the tourists from around the globe who visit this cam-pus; and for the valued Capitol Police, who protect us all. It will also aid in important infra-structure and construction invest-ments to move the United States to-wards energy independence, improve our economic competitiveness, and fund nonproliferation efforts to pre-vent, counter, and respond to global nuclear threats. Most importantly, this legislation will make major strides to projects our men and women in uniform serving across the globe who are protecting our freedoms. I urge my colleagues to support this rule as well as the underlying legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule. I certainly thank the gen-tleman from Washington, my friend, for his kindness. I think he is one of the best Members we have, but I am going to have to disagree with Mr. N
EWHOUSE today. When Speaker R
YAN assumed the gavel, he told the American people that he wanted to have ‘‘a process that is more open, more inclusive, more delib-erative, more participatory.’’ When the majority took control of both the Congress and the White House, they again promised to abide by standard congressional procedure. But we are here, 3 months from the end of the fiscal year. The majority hasn’t passed a budget resolution, and legislation moves at a glacial pace. The majority working to rush through a massive minibus before any individual appropriations bills have been consid-ered on the floor is also a mistake. This may sound pedantic, but we do have rules. Every one of us wants to improve our security, but this bill, I am afraid, is a little more than smoke and mirrors. The increase in defense spending under this bill will never see the light of day. That is because we operate under the Budget Control Act, and that mandates that any breach of the defense cap, which this bill does, will trigger an across-the-board sequestration cut of all defense accounts, making what we do here a useless exercise, I am afraid. The majority has also inserted an amendment to provide $1.6 billion President Trump requested to begin construction of the wall on the U.S.- Mexico border. This is surely just the beginning of making taxpayers pay for the entire wall, which experts have estimated could cost as much as $21 billion, with nary a peso from Mexico. If we are in-vesting $1.6 billion now, I see no reason why they do not plan to go on to reach the $21 billion expenditure. Let me put that in some perspective: $21 billion could be used to double the Federal investments in public schools. Think of that. Just the money to build that wall, it could provide 6 million people with healthcare under Medicaid, it could buy school lunches for tens of millions of low-income children. But these investments are not a priority for this majority. President Trump’s own budget direc-tor famously said that it isn’t worth feeding hungry children if the nutri-tion does not improve their school per-formance, and that Meals on Wheels ‘‘sounds great,’’ but doesn’t work. I never thought I would hear either of those things come from the mouth of a Federal official. The idea that we should not feed hungry children unless their school work improves, frankly, I am baffled by that, let me say it that way. The opposition to the wall is bipar-tisan. Republican Representative HURD from Texas, a former CIA officer, sits on the Homeland Security Committee and represents the largest border dis-trict in the State of Texas. He testified before the Rules Committee late Mon-day night against it, saying, ‘‘having a one-size-fits-all solution to border se-curity makes no sense.’’ Yet this amendment was included without de-bating the merits on the floor and without giving Members an up-or-down vote. Let me explain that a little bit. This amendment is in the bill, but there will be no vote on it. It has been what we call self-executed to keep people from being recorded in any way, whether they are for or against the wall. The last statistic that I saw from the American public is that 68 percent of them oppose it. They will never know whether their Representatives did or not. It is a sort of a bait-and-switch idea. Mr. Speaker, immigration has en-riched our country beyond measure. It is what has allowed our country to shape the world, rather than to fear it. A wall will lock the United States away from the rest of the world. The President’s new communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, wrote online: ‘‘Walls don’t work. Never have. Never will.’’ We don’t know whether he is going to change his mind about that or not, but that is what he said. One of our famous Republican Presi-dents that everybody knew and loved, Ronald Reagan, 30 years ago last month stood in West Berlin and de-manded that another wall be torn down. I said in the Rules Committee yester-day and I will say it again here this afternoon: if the President and the ma-jority build this wall, it, too, will be torn down, not by someone crossing the border or by an outside force. It will crumble because the public under-stands in a way that this President and majority do not, that our Nation does not barricade itself away from the rest of the world. We will not build walls to keep us in. What kind of superpower would we be if we built a wall around the outside of our Nation and crumbled from the in-side because the money we put on the wall kept us from updating our infra-structure, which is in such terrible shape, and a shredded social safety net? None of us want to find that out, but the majority is putting us on such a path. Just yesterday, President Trump an-nounced a ban on transgender service-members serving in the military. It ap-pears today that he made that an-nouncement all on his own and that neither the Joint Chiefs of Staff or the Pentagon had any idea that he was going to do that. The announcement came 69 years to the day that President Truman deseg-regated our military. Think about that for a minute. Sixty-nine years ago, on the very day that President Trump said transgender people couldn’t serve, was the day President Truman inte-grated the military services. This is an insult to the approxi-mately 15,000 transgender soldiers who sacrifice for our country every day. Transgender servicemembers are being attacked from both ends of Pennsyl-vania Avenue. Just days ago, Republicans joined Democrats to defeat an amendment that would bar transgender service-members from receiving the necessary healthcare that they deserve. I will note that these same treatments would have been available to other service-members under this amendment. Ap-parently to the majority, it is not about the treatment, but the person who receives it. The amendment is especially cruel when you consider that a Pentagon re-port has found that gender transition- related treatment costs between $2.4 and $8.4 million a year. That is the cost of just four of the President’s trips to Mar-a-Lago. Think about that: several millions dollars to go to Mar-a-Lago would have paid for operations for transgender persons. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article from USA Today that details this fact. 
[From USA Today, July 26, 2017] O
NPOLITICS TODAY : T RUMP ’SMAR-A-LAGO T
RIPS COSTMORE THAN TRANS SOLDIERS ’ H
EALTH CARE (By Josh Hafner) President Trump tweeted this morning that the U.S. military wouldn’t allow transgender troops ‘‘in any capacity,’’ an ap-parent rejection of the military’s roughly 6,000 trans troops and the Obama-era policy that embraced them. The U.S. ‘‘cannot be burdened with the tre-mendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail,’’ Trump said. Except trans troops don’t really cost that much, as many soon pointed out. A report for the Pentagon last year found that transition-related care would cost be-tween about $2.4 and $8.4 million per year— less than 0.14% of the military’s medical budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.027 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6483 July 27, 2017 
That’s roughly the cost of four of Trump’s trips to Mar-A-Lago, GQ noted, even using a conservative estimate of $2 million per trip. And it’s way less than the $84 million spent on Viagra and similar meds by the Depart-ment of Defense in 2014, as others also said. It was, as Sen. John McCain noted, ‘‘yet another example of why major policy an-nouncements should not be made via Twit-ter.’’ 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I believe all of our soldiers deserve our thanks and sup-port. They are Americans. They don’t need to be attacked based on who they are. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, it is also out-rageous—and I saved this for the end— that the majority stripped from the bill Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE’s bi-partisan amendment to repeal the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force. Until this AUMF, which, as I said, came into law in 2001, is rescinded and replaced, the President of the United States can usurp our power and effec-tively declare war without Congress’ concurrence. In fact, that has already happened. Matters of war are the most serious issues that Congress considers. We should not—and we don’t want to— shirk those responsibilities. We want to fulfill our constitutional duties. Yet Speaker R
YAN removed it from the bill without any debate or single vote because he was afraid of it. He re-placed it with weaker language requir-ing a 30-day study. After those 30 days, we are not assured of anything at all, just a study. That is not the type of open and transparent process that the Speaker promised. More than just bad process, it silences the debate we need to have. All Americans, especially our men and women in uniform, deserve better from us, as they volunteered to save us with their very lives. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ), the chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of the rule, which makes an amendment that I offered part of the security package by the adoption of this rule. I want to acknowledge the frustra-tion of my colleagues at adding funds to construct three barriers on the U.S.- Mexico border. Like many of you, I would have pre-ferred a package which included all 12 appropriations bills. However, this is the process that we are going forward with, and, of course, I am supportive of it. Despite my reservations about the process, I believe that each of these three projects included in this amend-ment are absolutely necessary for na-tional security. The funds that are in what we call the ‘‘wall’’ part of this bill are 28 miles of levee wall in Hidalgo County, Texas. Many people have asked me what that is. Mostly everybody knows a levee is a big mound of dirt that keeps the water from flooding. Well, it is a big pile of dirt with a 20-foot wall on one side made of concrete to keep it from washing out and a 6-foot fence on top of that. It serves for water reten-tion, as well as defending our borders. The funds pay for the construction of 32 miles of bollard wall in Starr Coun-ty, Texas, which is Rio Grande City and that area. Bollard fence is a bunch of steel poles about the size of a small corner post on a cedar post fence. They rise up about 20 feet in the air and have a cement base. Also, the funds pay for 14 miles of wall in San Diego, replacing an exist-ing 14 miles of wall or fence with a bet-ter product because it has been deterio-rating since the 1990s, when it went in. That is what is in this bill. Many people claim it isn’t necessary to put up barriers between the border of the United States and Mexico. They say the border is more secure than it has ever been, apprehensions are way down, and that border walls do not pre-vent people crossing. In fact, I dis-agree, and they do, too. It is a fact that apprehensions are down relative to the mid-2000s. In fact, in the late nineties, in San Diego, be-fore their barrier fences were built, 500,000 people stormed across that bor-der. Last year, the number is 25,000. That is a substantial reduction. More than a million people crossed our Southern border every year in the early-2000s. However, today, we con-tinue to apprehend certain people, and it is down to 200,000 a year on the bor-der. That is a substantial number. What concerns me more than the number of apprehensions is the fact that if migrants are crossing the bor-der illegally, then so are terrorists, drug smugglers, and human traffickers. b1300 Mr. Speaker, many Members of this body probably remember illegal immi-grants rushing the border in San Diego back in the 1990s. Illegal immigrant en-tries decreased significantly, as I said. The number of illegal crossings fell, crime rates declined, commerce in-creased, and neighborhoods became safe all because of fences and barriers on the border. The Border Patrol cautions that ille-gal border migration seeks the path of least resistance and that these com-mendable results do not mean that the flow has steadied. It has simply moved to another unprotected place like the Rio Grande Valley in my home State of Texas. We want to change that dy-namic. This amendment is important be-cause it is committed to dedicated men and women who stand in harm’s way on our behalf. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members’ support for this bill and for this amendment. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, there is a really disturbing story in Politico today. Speaker R
YAN was apparently afraid that he wouldn’t be able to pass the de-fense spending bill, including $1.6 bil-lion for Trump’s dumb wall because conservatives wanted to block Medi-care for transgender servicemembers, so he called the President asking for help. What did Donald Trump do to get Speaker R
YANout of this jam? Trump decided to ban brave transgender Americans from serving. That is right, Mr. Speaker, Trump is kicking transgender men and women out of our Armed Services to make sure he can get money to build his stupid, irrespon-sible, unnecessary wall. He is imple-menting one bigoted policy in order to achieve another one. This is hatred in the service of injus-tice. This is transphobia in the service of racism. This is stupidity in the serv-ice of foolishness. Mr. Speaker, we need to stop doing Trump’s dirty work. Not only is Presi-dent Trump’s border wall expensive and unnecessary, Members of this body who care deeply about our national de-fense shouldn’t be forced to decide be-tween voting for this ridiculous pro-posal and voting to fund our military. More importantly, on such a momen-tous issue, the American people de-serve to know where their elected rep-resentatives stand. Mr. Speaker, let us defeat this rule. Let us stop this wall. Let us enable every American patriot, regardless of their gender identity, to do what I did: to fight for this country with pride, courage, and selflessness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, we do have a couple of speakers coming who are not here yet. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time at this point but look forward to having them participate as soon as they get here. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank the gentle-woman from New York for her con-sistent leadership. Being a frequent visitor to the Rules Committee as a Member, I want to thank the manager for the courtesies extended to all of us. Let me say that I am a member of the Budget Committee, and I want to associate my stance with the gentle-woman from New York. We do not have a budget, but, in fact, the budget is not a roadmap that we are even attempting to do. The budget was a slash and burn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.003 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6484 July 27, 2017 
of Medicare, Medicaid, only to give tax cuts, and it had no vision but to plus- up the Defense Appropriations. So now we come with a minibus that wants to do more damage. I have no quarrel with my friend from Texas, but it is very clear that this budget is based upon this wall, and this rule is based upon this wall. It is important for the American people to know that, while we are fighting for Medicaid and Meals on Wheels, better policing, and better education for our children, the wall that was supposed to be paid for by Mexico—let me say it again, the wall that was supposed to be paid by Mexico, as evidenced by the Com-mander in Chief—is now, in this rule, not for $100 million, not for $200 mil-lion, not for $50 million, but for $1,571,239,000. That is what this rule is all about. Frankly, I believe that this is a shame. Frankly, I oppose it because the Commander in Chief swore that Mexico would pay for the wall. Now we are paying for the wall, and, as indi-cated, a Member of Congress from Texas who represents the area is ada-mantly against it. I would only argue to say that there are other needs in this minibus that the American people desire. I also rise to express strong opposi-tion to the fact that the Lee amend-ments were not put in. Congresswoman L
EEhad an amendment for us to debate the AUMF, two amendments, and those amendments were rejected. Let us go back to regular order and pass appro-priations for the American people and debate whether we go to war. Going to war is a point for the American people to hear and discuss. Mr. Speaker, I rise to register my opposition to the exclusion from H. Res. 478 of the amendments offered by colleague, Congress-woman B
ARBARA LEEof California. This rule makes in order 54 amendments to Division A of H.R. 3219, the Defense Appro-priations Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and an amendment by Congressman C
ARTER , the chairman of the Homeland Security Appropria-tions Subcommittee, providing $1.57 billion in funding to begin construction of the infamous ‘‘Trump Border Wall’’ that the presidential can-didate Trump promises, assured, and guaran-teed American and the would be paid for by Mexico. Mr. Speaker, it is passing strange indeed that the Lee Amendments, which were offered, debated, and approved in the regular order were excluded from the rule while the Carter Amendment, which was introduced at the 11th hour, was included. Lee Amendment No. 95 would repeal the 2001 AUMF after 240 days of enactment of this Act. Lee Amendment No. 96 does not repeal the 2001 AUMF but would prohibit the expenditure of any funds to implement, administer, or en-force the 2001 AUMF beginning 240 days of enactment of this Act. They knew that the decision to go to war was too important to be left to the whim of a single person, no matter how wise or well-in-formed he or she might be. Over the last 16 years, we have seen 3 Presidents use the 2001 Afghanistan AUMF as a blank check to engage in serious military action. In 2016, the Congressional Research Serv-ice issued a report detailing 37 unclassified uses of this authorization in 14 countries, in-cluding for operations at Guantanamo Bay, warrantless wiretapping, and recent military action in Libya, Syria, Somalia, and Yemen. The overly broad 2001 AUMF represents a critical deterioration of Congressional over-sight, which should be repealed, rather than repeated with respect to North Korea. As our brave service members are deployed around the world in combat zones, Congress is missing in action. As provided under the War Powers Resolu-tion of 1973, absent a Congressional declara-tion of war or authorization for the use of mili-tary force, the President as Commander-in- Chief has constitutional power to engage the U.S. armed forces in hostilities only in the case of a national emergency created by an attack upon the United States, its territories or possessions, or its armed forces. As a co-equal branch of government, it is Congress’s right and responsibility to be fully consulted regarding any potential plans to conduct military operations in foreign lands and to assess whether such action is in the national security interest of the United States and its allies, and to withhold or grant author-ization for the use of military force based on this assessment. As we have learned from the painful and bit-ter experience of the past 16 years, at the ini-tiation of hostilities, the costs in terms of blood and treasure of U.S. military interventions abroad are often underestimated and the ben-efits overstated. For example, more than 6,800 American service members gave the last full measure of devotion to their country on battlefields in Af-ghanistan and Iraq, with hundreds of thou-sands more returning with physical, emotional, or psychological wounds that may never heal. The direct economic cost of the war in Af-ghanistan exceeds $1.07 trillion, including $773 billion in Overseas Contingency Oper-ations funds, an increase of $243 billion to the Department of Defense base budget, and an increase of $54.2 billion to the Veterans Ad-ministration budget to address the human costs of the military involvement in Afghani-stan. I am confident that affording Members the opportunity to debate and vote on the Lee Amendments would strengthen our democracy and help restore Congress’s preeminent con-stitutional role in the decision to take the na-tion to war. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in strong opposition to the Carter Amendment to H.R. 3219, De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act for FY2018. I oppose the amendment because it is inef-fective, costly, and wasteful legislation for three reasons: it is costly and ineffective; President Trump broke his promise that Mex-ico would fund the wall; and a policy shift of this magnitude requires regular order with the Committees of Jurisdiction weighing in on the real cost to the American people should a wall be built. First, I oppose the Carter Amendment be-cause it is costly and ineffective. It wastes $1.6 billion to build an unneces-sary wall with our already peaceful neighbors to the south. Only $32 million dollars of that $1.6 billion would actually go towards the wall. That leaves over $1.5 billion simply wasted. The wall throws away American taxpayers’ money when it could and should be spent on a number of necessary initiatives like edu-cation, healthcare, transportation, infrastruc-ture, or even military preparedness. Second, I oppose H.R. 3219 because Trump swore Mexico would pay for the wall. The President has broken his promise to the American people and is asking American tax-payers to foot a $1.6 billion bill for a useless, expensive wall. No wonder the wall is strongly opposed by Democrats and many Republicans. There is no assurance that Americans would ever be reimbursed by Mexico. Trump’s cost estimations do not include the cost of building in more treacherous terrain, access roads, maintenance, or acquiring land in Texas, where almost all border landholdings are privately held. Building this wall would require stripping landholders in my very own home state of Texas of their private land. Instead of wasting $1.6 billion on building a wall, that money could be appropriated to maintaining our effective border security and immigration practices, like those currently in place for asylum seekers. The United States already enforces the most extensive immigration and border secu-rity practices in the world. We have This is a bad business deal for the Amer-ican people. Third, I oppose the Carter Amendment be-cause it is represents a policy shift that will have dire consequences for our economy that far exceed the $50 billion estimated cost of this wall. A policy shift of this magnitude requires reg-ular order with the committees of jurisdiction weighing in on the real cost to the American people should a wall be built. Mexico happens to be one of the United States’ strongest trading partners. U.S. goods and services trade with Mexico totaled an estimated $579.7 billion in 2016. Exports were $262.0 billion; imports were $317.6 billion. The U.S. goods and services trade deficit with Mexico was $55.6 billion in 2016. Mexico is currently our 3rd largest goods trading partner with $525.1 billion in total (two way) goods trade during 2016. Goods exports totaled $231.0 billion; goods imports totaled $294.2 billion. The U.S. goods trade deficit with Mexico was $63.2 billion in 2016. Trade in services with Mexico (exports and imports) totaled an estimated $54.5 billion in 2016. Services exports were $31.1 billion; services imports were $23.5 billion. The U.S. services trade surplus with Mexico was $7.6 billion in 2016. According to the Department of Commerce, U.S. exports of Goods and Services to Mexico supported an estimated 1.2 million jobs in 2015. Mexico was the United States’ 2nd largest goods export market in 2016. U.S. exports to Mexico in 2016 were $231.0 billion, down 2.0 percent ($4.8 billion) from 2015 but up 72.7 percent from 2006. U.S. ex-ports to Mexico are up 455 percent from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.030 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6485 July 27, 2017 
U.S. exports to Mexico account for 15.9 per-cent of overall U.S. exports in 2015. The top export categories in 2016 were: ma-chinery ($42 billion), electrical machinery ($41 billion), vehicles ($21 billion), mineral fuels ($20 billion), and plastics ($16 billion). U.S. total exports of agricultural products to Mexico totaled $18 billion in 2016, our 3rd largest agricultural export market. Leading domestic export categories include: corn ($2.6 billion), soybeans ($1.5 billion), pork & pork products ($1.4 billion), dairy prod-ucts ($1.2 billion), and beef & beef products ($975 million). U.S. exports of services to Mexico were an estimated $31.1 billion in 2016, 1.4 percent (441 million) less than 2015, but 30.5 percent greater than 2006 levels. It was up roughly 199 percent from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). Leading services exports from the U.S. to Mexico, in 2015, were in the travel, transport, and intellectual property (computer software, industrial processes) sectors. Mexico was the United States’ 2nd largest supplier of goods imports in 2016. U.S. goods imports from Mexico totaled $294.2 billion in 2016, down 0.8 percent ($2.3 billion) from 2015, but up 48.4 percent from 2006. U.S. imports from Mexico are up 637 per-cent from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). U.S. imports from Mexico account for 13.4 percent of over-all U.S. imports in 2015. The top import categories (2–digit HS) in 2016 were: vehicles ($75 billion), electrical machinery ($62 billion), machinery ($51 bil-lion), optical and medical instruments ($13 bil-lion), and furniture and bedding ($11 billion). U.S. total imports of agricultural products from Mexico totaled $23 billion in 2016, our 1st largest supplier of agricultural imports. Leading categories include: fresh vegetables ($5.6 billion), other fresh fruit ($4.9 billion), wine and beer ($3.1 billion), snack foods ($2.0 billion), and processed fruit & vegetables ($1.5 billion). U.S. imports of services from Mexico were an estimated $23.5 billion in 2016, 7.0 percent ($1.5 billion) more than 2015, and 57.9 per-cent greater than 2006 levels. It was up roughly 216 percent from 1993 (pre-NAFTA). Leading services imports from Mexico to the U.S., in 2015, were in the travel, transport, and technical and other services sectors. The U.S. goods trade deficit with Mexico was $63.2 billion in 2016, a 4.2 percent in-crease ($2.5 billion) over 2015. The United States has a services trade sur-plus of an estimated $7.6 billion with Mexico in 2016, down 20.7 percent from 2015. U.S. foreign direct investment (FDI) in Mex-ico (stock) was $92.8 billion in 2015 (latest data available), a 3.5 percent increase from 2014. U.S. direct investment in Mexico is led by manufacturing, nonbank holding compa-nies, and mining. Mexico’s FDI in the United States (stock) was $16.6 billion in 2015 (latest data avail-able), up 0.2 percent from 2014. Mexico’s di-rect investment in the U.S. is led by manufac-turing, wholesale trade, and depository institu-tions. Sales of services in Mexico by majority U.S.-owned affiliates were $45.9 billion in 2014 (latest data available), while sales of services in the United States by majority Mex-ico-owned firms were $8.5 billion. We share one of the longest peaceful bor-ders in the world with our neighbors to the north and to the south. We are not at war with our peaceful neighbors; we do not need to build an almost 2,000 mile wall to divide us from our neighbor. This tragic initiative is inconsistent with the American character of building bridges not walls. These are just some of the facts that Com-mittees of Jurisdiction would have to weigh before we make any decision. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this Rule so that this bill can re-turn to the Rules Committee to have Division E removed from this appropriations package. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, the American people spoke loud and clear last November. They voted to support a stronger military, an unyielding na-tional defense, and that includes the need for a much-improved border secu-rity. As the gentleman from Texas said, we have threats of human traf-fickers, drug smugglers, terrorists coming across our borders, and this is something that the American people said that they wanted, and we are re-sponding to that with recommenda-tions from the Customs and Border Protection agency. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of disorder in Washington, D.C.: There is chaos and conflict and con-frontation in the White House. There is conflict within the majority party in the House of Representatives. There was a representation that we were going to follow regular order. We have not. There is no budget, which was sup-posed to be adopted some 3 months ago. A budget should have told all the Mem-bers of Congress and the country how much discretionary spending we were going to have. The majority party has been unable to bring a budget to this floor and to pass it because of the disarray and dis-order that we find in this House. This rule represents a litany of broken promises and exposes, frankly, the hy-pocrisy of this Republican majority. This rule would add an amendment to the underlying bill that directs $1.6 billion of American taxpayer dollars toward the construction of President Trump’s proposed border wall. This was not in the original bill. The irony is, in the Rules Com-mittee, an amendment that was in the original bill has been struck not by a vote of the Defense Committee or by the Appropriations Committee, but by the Rules Committee. They just struck out an amendment. Let me remind my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, of the words of our Speaker, P
AULRYAN. He said this: ‘‘We will ad-vance major legislation one issue at a time.’’ Mr. Speaker, as you probably know, I have been here for some years—36, to be exact. I have never seen, in 36 years, an omnibus or minibus brought to the floor before September. Why? Because the regular order is to consider the bills one at a time, or, as the Speaker said: ‘‘We will advance major legisla-tion one issue at a time.’’ But what the Republicans have done, Mr. Speaker, is to bring a bill and put so much in it, they dare people to vote against it because of the national secu-rity. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this rule ought to be rejected. It is not the reg-ular order, it is not good policy, and it is not good for the institution of the House of Representatives or for the country. The border wall is controversial, and many people in the Trump administra-tion do not believe the border wall will be effective, and they believe it is a waste of money. And, of course, the President told us all the Mexicans were going to pay for the wall. Well, this is $1.6 billion of about $20 billion that would have to come not to be paid for by the Mexicans, but to be paid for by the U.S. taxpayer for an in-effective effort to make this country more secure. Everybody on this floor believes we ought to know who comes into this country and that people ought not to come into this country unless they are authorized to do so. We all agree on that. I ask the majority leader: Bring this border wall to the floor; let us debate it; put it open for amendment. That is the regular order. The Speaker went on to say: ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues. We will take them head on.’’ That is Speaker PAUL R
YAN, October 29, 2015. They had an amendment offered on the authorization bill by Mrs. H
ARTZLER of Missouri. It was con-troversial, and the majority party lost. So what did they do? They didn’t add it to the bill as Mrs. H
ARTZLER wanted to do, have an amendment on this floor so we could debate it again on its demer-its or merits depending upon your per-spective, but they went around not by regular order, not by taking issues head-on, but by having the President issue some tweet that the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff says he never was talked to about it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, let us stand up for this institution. Let us stand up for regular order. Let us stand up for not ducking the tough issues. Let us reject this rule, and then let us go back to regular order and hopefully do so in a bipartisan way and do what the American public expects us to do: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.005 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6486 July 27, 2017 
make tough decisions for them, for our country, for our security, and for our children. I urge my colleagues to vote against this rule. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate the debate on both sides on this very important issue. Let me just say that this has been a very open process. Not all may want to acknowledge that, but let me just point out that this rule makes 54 amendments in order: 21 of those amendments are from the Democrats, 16 from Republicans, and fully, 17 are led by bipartisan cosponsors. So that tells me that the openness of this proc-ess, the ability for people to bring their perspectives, their opinions in this im-portant debate is real. As far as the Rules Committee uni-laterally striking language and re-inserting other language, that is true. We struck section 9021 of the Defense Appropriations Act of 2018 and replaced it, though, with language from an amendment offered by Mr. C
OLEto the NDAA, the National Defense Author-ization Act of 2018, which was adopted by the full House on July 13 of this year. It was replaced with language that was approved by this body. So again, Mr. Speaker, I think that points to the openness of this process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1315 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), the distin-guished ranking member of the Appro-priations Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this so- called security minibus. The Republican majority has rushed through the fiscal year 2018 appropria-tions process, passing 12 bills without benefit of a budget resolution. Now they have failed to secure the votes on the floor for that Republican-only om-nibus package, so they have decided to move forward with what is before us today—four appropriations bills stitched together that would bust the Budget Control Act defense cap and, if enacted, result in a $72 billion seques-ter against all defense accounts. The entire fiscal year ’18 appropria-tions process has been a Republican ex-ercise in sham accounting and wishful thinking: ignore current law, jack up defense spending, and impose huge, un-necessary, and detrimental cuts on do-mestic appropriations. When future students learn about congressional appropriations, this epi-sode should be exhibit A of what not to do. The four bills before us today are also full of objectionable and unreason-able policy riders, including the ridicu-lous inclusion in the rule of $1.6 billion to be spent on 74 miles of border wall. Nobody would know it from the Presi-dent’s hysterical rhetoric, but there are already 700 miles of fence along the border—vehicular fencing and pedes-trian fencing. I know about it because most of that fence was built when I was chairman of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee. When Congress appropriated funds to build that fence, we required segment- by-segment analyses and environ-mental impact studies. This bill doesn’t include that. It doesn’t include any language regarding congressional oversight. There are no requirements for Homeland Security to submit a cost-benefit analysis or to work with Congress through any modifications. Mr. Speaker, funding an unnecessary wall, especially without congressional oversight, is not a defensible use of taxpayer dollars. We would simply be-come complicit in what we all know was campaign demagoguery. Speaking of which, wasn’t the Mexi-can Government going to pay for this wall? Weren’t they going to pick up the tab? This $1.6 billion should be spent on much more important priorities, with-in and beyond homeland security, that would actually improve the lives of our citizens. It is time for Republicans to stop playing games with taxpayer money and start negotiating with Democrats. We know this is going to have to hap-pen eventually. We need a bipartisan budget and appropriations package that actually has a chance of becoming law and that addresses the need of a great country for serious investment. Oppose the border wall. Oppose this sham appropriations minibus. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have re-maining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New York has 8
1⁄2min-utes remaining. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, for our Nation of immigrants, a wall rejects our very history. A wall is not about America leading the world. A wall is about trying to shut off the rest of the world. Ignored today, of course, is the his-tory of how poorly laws have worked to stop desperate people. Most all of those who are coming to America—risking their lives, suffocating in the back of a truck, going over a perilous desert—are not here to cause us harm; they are not here to do wrong and mooch off of our social services. They are trying to es-cape violence or provide a little hope to their family. And they do it by tak-ing the dirtiest, toughest jobs in our society, as immigrants have done since the very founding of our Nation. A wall only makes their path more perilous without offering us more security. Last year, Trump’s most famous and oft repeated claim was that he would build a wall that Mexico would pay for. But, this year, we just have one broken Trump campaign promise after an-other. Today, we have confirmation that Trump is just putting taxpayers on the hook to pay for another section of a wall—yes, a wall of broken campaign promises. Instead of a wall, we ought to be building opportunity. As Austin Mayor Steve Adler said, ‘‘bridges make money, and walls cost money.’’ Building Trump’s boondoggle in the desert, at the same time he says we can’t afford medical research or edu-cational opportunity or job training, just shows how backward these prior-ities are. Let’s oppose a wall of igno-rance, a wall of prejudice, and create a bridge of opportunity. To achieve both true security and economic growth, we need to reject this narrow-minded ap-proach in favor of comprehensive im-migration reform. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I do know that even though some people would like to ignore the situation we have on our southern border, we do need to respond to those border protec-tion agents who are asking us for help. We do need to respond to the crisis that we see along our southern border to keep our country as safe as possible. And we do need to confirm to people across the country that help is on the way. Certainly, the border is one aspect of this important piece of legislation, but there are many things in this bill that will help our country and help our military forces keep our Nation safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I continue to re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N). Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the security minibus. I actually happen to sit on the Home-land Security Subcommittee, and I know what it is like to make sure that national security is our number one priority. I also happen to know that I have heard testimony from experts, and I have heard bipartisan opposition to this wall in my committee. Because when we hear from experts, they tell us a wall is not going to stop a terrorist, and they tell us that the drug cartels are not going to be stopped either, they are just going to build a tunnel under the wall. So when you talk about homeland se-curity, I know exactly what you are talking about. The reality is that this $1.6 billion is just a waste of taxpayer dollars. It is a dubious political prom-ise that was made, and now the Amer-ican people are being asked to foot the bill. Let me repeat. I sit on Homeland Se-curity. The border on the south is not our number one terrorist target. We know that what is there now is already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.031 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6487 July 27, 2017 
an existing wall. We already have fenc-ing there. Some of the areas we are talking about are even just areas in the Rio Grande, where it is not going to make the biggest difference. If we are going to secure our borders, we could spend money on technology and other areas, or we could secure our borders by putting more money into port security, where there is a greater threat of terrorism. This is just another way to bully Congress into funding a border wall that the majority of people don’t want. I hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will not be bullied by this because it is being packaged in with other bills that would otherwise get passed without the partisanship. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to allow the House to consider Represent-ative L
EE’s AUMF amendment—au-thority to use military force. This will provide all Members the chance for an up-or-down vote, which we have, thus far, been denied. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) to discuss our proposal. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time and for her tremendous leadership as our ranking member on the Rules Committee. It is a true testament to her love for our country and for our troops. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition, first, to this terrible rule, but, of course, also in strong support of this amendment to sunset funding for the 2001 AUMF, after 240 days after enact-ment of this act. This important amendment would provide Congress plenty of time to do our job and finally have a debate and vote on matters of war and peace. Mr. Speaker, last week, Republicans unilaterally decided to kill my bipar-tisan amendment to sunset the 2001 AUMF, which would allow 8 months to debate and vote on a new one before it would be enacted. This amendment was adopted on a bi-partisan basis in the full Appropria-tions Committee. It was stripped out of the bill in the dead of the night, with no debate or vote from the Rules Com-mittee. This undemocratic and underhanded behavior really makes me wonder: What is Speaker R
YANso afraid of? I came to the Rules Committee this week and asked them to rectify a wrong and allow a debate and a vote on this important measure, and they re-fused. I even offered a second amendment, which we have before us today, which would sunset the funding for the 2001 AUMF, 240 days after enactment—that is 8 months—which would allow ample time to debate and vote on any replace-ment. This would be repeal, but remain in place, allowing 8 months to debate this. Even though this amendment was germane to the bill, Republicans re-fused to even allow a debate on this im-portant measure and a vote. I understand Speaker RYAN has said that it was a mistake to include my original amendment and that it would endanger our national security. Initially, on June 29, according to press accounts, my colleague and friend, who supported this amendment, Chairman C
OLEresponded and said: It is time for leadership to wake up, and the administration to wake up, and send over a recommended AUMF, mark it up, and take it to the floor. I don’t know any other way to get their atten-tion because we have been talking about it for years. Now, instead of listening to their own party, what do they do? They stripped our bipartisan amendment. Some Members have said that the funding would be cut immediately with this amendment, but that is furthest from the truth. That is very disingen-uous. That would be irresponsible, and I would in no way offer an amendment like that. It would allow 8 months for Congress to debate and vote on any new AUMF. Some have said that this is political, and I say it is just the opposite. Our brave troops deserve us to come together and do this so they know their country has their back. I voted for the 2001 authorization be-cause I believed it opened the door for any President to wage endless war without a congressional debate or vote. Quite frankly, unfortunately, history has borne that out. According to a Congressional Re-search Service report, the 2001 AUMFs have been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify military actions. This report only examines the un-classified incidents. How many other operations have been conducted with-out the knowledge of Congress or the American people? These authorizations have also been used to justify perpetual wars that are thousands of miles away. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield an addi-tional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Ms. LEE. Let me conclude by saying, now any President can unilaterally wage war under the outdated author-ization forever unless it is repealed. The American people—our constitu-ents—know that Congress is missing in action. They deserve better. Surely, Congress can muster the courage to do our constitutional duty and debate and vote on a new AUMF within 8 months if that is our decision. We passed the 2001 AUMF within 3 days, and it never came to the Foreign Affairs Committee, where I served for 11 years. So let’s stand up for the Constitu-tion, our servicemen and -women, and our national security by bringing for-ward this amendment. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can finally have this debate, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, let me just say to my good friend from Cali-fornia, I agree that a new authoriza-tion on the use of military force is something that is necessary, some-thing that we owe our military, and something that we should do. The language with the Cole amend-ment, I think, starts us down that path. In fact, the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, just this week, is holding hear-ings on this very important topic. I look forward to working with Ms. L
EEon this, as well as all of us here in this House, to get us to the end result that I think is absolutely necessary, and I appreciate the gentlewoman’s comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS). b1330 Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), and I appreciate the oppor-tunity to speak on this important issue. I am an Arizona native. I grew up in southern Arizona, and trips to the southern Arizona border were not in-frequent and not unusual. I have gone from San Luis to Naco, to Nogales, to Agua Prieta. I have been along the bor-der many times, most recently just a couple months ago, and during that time, I used it as kind of a fact-finding expedition. I wanted to know what peo-ple who live right along the border talk about and think about as we in Con-gress consider things like a Presi-dential promise to build a wall, even in this bill, a partial wall, a good start. I will tell you what I know is that the number one drug and human smug-gling corridor in the United States of America is through the Tucson sector. That is right through the heart of the Arizona-Mexico border. It impacts, lit-erally, 75 to 80 miles into the border. Where we have wilderness preserves, our agents can’t go in, they don’t go in, and yet roadways are cut in this pris-tine desert by those who enter from the cartels, cutting roads with their vehi-cles that they know that our agents cannot traverse. So I am familiar with the area. I am familiar with the issue. I had the privilege of talking to Bor-der Patrol agents over the last few years, but in particular the last time I was at the border, and I talked to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.034 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6488 July 27, 2017 
number of them. I wondered what the men and women think who actually service the border for us. I asked them whether they supported a wall. It was 100 percent, it was unanimous: they want a wall. They want additional in-frastructure. They want a road that parallels that wall so they can have ac-cess to that wall and make the appre-hensions that they need to. I talked to ranchers and farmers. It was unanimous then as well. Everyone wanted that wall, all recognizing the need for additional infrastructure of a roadway. When you go to various portions of the border now, it is a single strand of wire. You can step over it. We had one of the ranchers, an 81-year-old gen-tleman, demonstrate how he crawls un-derneath the wire at 81 years of age. Where there are small areas of fenc-ing outside Nogales, either side from Nogales, that has cut down the number of folks who come that way; but since that fence only goes about 3 or 4 miles onto each side of the city, what hap-pens is there is a flood of people who come around that fence. A border wall is important. It is im-perative. Those of us who feel the di-rect brunt of the influx of people who come across the border, whether for hostile or benign intentions, we feel very strongly that a border wall would benefit our State. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this initiative, and I can tell you that my constituency also supports this ini-tiative. With that, I urge everyone to support this initiative. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, let me just say that one of the beauties of Congress is being able to hear from people firsthand their experiences, who speak not just in theoretical senses but because of the life they live and their constituents, and so I appreciate very much the gentleman from Arizona and his testimony. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington for the way that he has worked with other col-leagues in terms of trying to move this bill and this process forward. It would take Solomon in all of his wisdom to get it completely right, and in that re-gard, I give you due deference in the way that you all have put this bill to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I do want to rise in sup-port of what my colleague from Cali-fornia spoke about just a moment ago, which is the fact that neither one of Ms. L
EE’s amendments were ultimately made in order. I have a problem with that from the standpoint of the con-struction of this rule, because one of those amendments was tied to, in es-sence, the base bill that actually passed at the committee level, and then the other one was an adaptation of that same notion. What she is getting at, I think, is in-credibly important. I think it is incred-ibly important, because the saying is that the road to hell is paved with good intentions, and we have been meaning and meaning and meaning and meaning to do something about the Authoriza-tion for Use of Force in the Middle East since 2001 in terms of bringing it up to date, but we haven’t, for what-ever reason, done so. What she is get-ting at with her amendment is saying, simply, it is time, it is well past time, and I think there is real legitimacy to that point. I would say, secondly, what doesn’t work in life are blank checks. In es-sence, if you sign on to this notion that an Authorization for Use of Force back in 2001 will apply now, why doesn’t it apply 30 years from now or 50 years from now, if you follow that logic out. I think our Founding Fathers were so concrete in their constitutional premise that only Congress should de-clare war because what they knew was that body bags don’t return to Wash-ington, D.C. They return to congres-sional districts and States across this country. And knowing that, they said you have got to go to the people’s House to have the Authorization for Use of Force so that you do not put people in harm’s way without Congress debating that subject and actually coming up with a decision to the af-firmative. Finally, I would simply say this: This is important in terms of sending a clear signal to soldiers and to the pub-lic at large that we are behind them, we are behind the soldiers. We say this is what you ought to do. We are going to give you the tools necessary to do the job; and to the public: This is why we think it ought to be done. Author-ization for Use of Force is about those two things. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate Mr. N
EWHOUSE ’s efforts here. Hearing a concern about the $1.6 bil-lion for the wall, let me just say, living in Texas, spending a lot of time on the border, spending time in Mexico—it is where my wife and I went on our hon-eymoon—there is only one reason Mex-ico is not one of the top 10 economies in the world, and it is because the drug cartels make tens of billions of dollars they use for corruption to keep it from being that. The best thing we could do as a good neighbor to Mexico is to build a wall where it is needed, just like President Trump has talked about, stop that flow of tens of billions of dollars to Mexico used for corruption to keep down the Mexican people—hardworking, God- fearing people—and bring that country up by being a good neighbor; because, in this case, a good fence or wall will make a good neighbor, and Mexico will have its rightful place in the economic hierarchy of the world. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), my good friend. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, hav-ing lived in Texas all my life, I, like many other Texans, have been to the Texas border numerous times. I have been to the border from San Diego to Brownsville while I have been in Con-gress, the entire length of the border. Some things are working on the bor-der, and one of those things that is working is a wall in the big cities. One of my friends from El Paso likes to talk about how El Paso is the safest city in America. Well, one reason is El Paso has multiple fencing, a canal, and a river between the U.S., Texas, and Mexico. The sheriff of El Paso told me after that fencing was created, cross-border crime is almost nonexistent. That is one reason—not the only reason—why El Paso is the safest city in America is because they have a wall, a fence, the Rio Grande River—a barrier. Let’s use that term. Sure, not everybody from Mexico is coming to commit crimes, of course not, but a wall works. It also works where they have fenc-ing in San Diego. It also works where they have fencing in Brownsville, Texas, between Brownsville and Mex-ico. It stops and reduces the cross-bor-der individuals coming in without per-mission. So a partial fence will work. This bill, let’s make it clear, is not a complete border wall of the whole bor-der. It is only 74 miles. And we need to do everything. We need to have that 74 miles. We need to have aerostats in the air. We need to have more Border Pa-trol on the ground. We need to have all types of technology to have a virtual wall, if you will, to protect the United States’ security. People need to come to the United States. We want people to come to the United States, but come the right way. Lastly, as my friend from Tyler, Texas, said, the drug cartels are the major problem, and the criminal gangs, like the MS–13 gang, are the ones who come into the United States because there is no barrier to stop them. And that is just the way it is. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, if we hadn’t had this last election and the campaign that went with it, we wouldn’t be talking about any wall. One of the candidates threw out that he would like to have a wall and was sure—he gave us the ab-surd notion that somehow Mexico would pay for it. Not many of us believed that, but I will tell you, now that we have put in this $1.6 billion for this wall, I will bet you that we are going to finish it, and we don’t know how much it costs— somewhere between $20 billion and $40 billion for a wall. Now, if I have heard correctly what my colleagues have said over there, the walls are working already, the ones they have got. There are walls there. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.036 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6489 July 27, 2017 
heard San Diego had three. So the idea, I guess, if one works, we will build us another one. Oh, my goodness. This funding bill that we are talking about spending on a wall is needed to repair roads and bridges and bring down the cost of education, but the majority refuses to have debate on the AUMF, something that is critically im-portant, life and death to many people who live in this country who are pres-ently in the armed services. This amendment should have been included here. And I appreciate what my colleague, Mr. S
ANFORD , said. He is absolutely right. But if we were to get a new AUMF, it would put Congress back into its duty to declare war. That is some-thing that the Constitution gave us that we no longer have. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the discus-sion we have had this past hour from all Members that have participated. Although we may have our differences, some difference of opinion, I believe that this rule and the underlying bill are strong measures that are impor-tant to ensuring the security and the prosperity of our country. The rule provides for further consideration of H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act of 2018. Let me say again, while my friends on the other side may not want to ac-knowledge it, this rule makes 54 amendments in order; 21 of those 54 are from my Democratic friends, 16 are Re-publican, and 17 are bipartisan, led by bipartisan cosponsors. In fact, the ma-jority of the amendments that were made in order under yesterday’s rule that provide for the initial consider-ation of this bill were also led by Democrats, so this reflects the bal-anced approach of the process under this rule. b1345 Mr. Speaker, it is our job, it is Con-gress’ job, to appropriate the necessary funds to keep our Nation safe and our defense strong. This rule allows us to complete our efforts to complete the appropriations process for our top pri-orities, those of national security. I look forward, though, to bringing the other eight appropriation bills to the floor to fulfill the rest of our duty. Cer-tainly, as an appropriator, no one wants to see this effort completed more than our committee and as I do. I have appreciated the important ad-vocacy my colleagues on both sides have brought forward through this process, from within the subcommit-tees of the Appropriations Committee, through the full committee, through the Rules Committee, and now, here on the House floor. The measures included in this rule will provide vital resources for our na-tional defense and for our military in-frastructure. As I said, it will boost the pay of our troops, support our military families who sacrifice so much for our country; it will strengthen the care we provide for our veterans and enforce our border security to protect all of the American people. This rule will also allow for further security improvements for the Capitol campus to protect all who visit here. It will also provide robust funding to im-prove our Nation’s waterways, our in-frastructure, our important nuclear clean-up, as well as nonproliferation ef-forts. It also reinstates our top priority, providing funding for our national de-fense. We must begin to rebuild our Na-tion’s military, and I am proud of this as a major step forward, restoring mili-tary readiness in order to keep our country safe. Mr. Speaker, the underlying appro-priations within this rule are of the ut-most importance to the Nation, and we must move forward with this rule in order to get our job done. The men and women in uniform serving our Nation around the globe are depending on us. I hope our colleagues, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, will support this rule so that we can do that, get our job done. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 478 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing: S
EC. 6. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this resolution, the amendment de-scribed in section 7 shall be in order as though printed as the last amendment in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution if of-fered by Representative Lee of California or her designee. Such amendment shall be de-batable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an oppo-nent. S
EC. 7. The amendment referred to in sec-tion 6 is as follows: ‘‘At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
ECll. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to implement, enforce, or administer the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (b) Subsection (a) shall apply beginning on the date that is 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 185, not voting 15, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.038 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6490 July 27, 2017 
[Roll No. 426] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Collins (GA) Cummings Hollingsworth Lowey Napolitano Nolan Pascrell Pelosi Rogers (AL) Roskam Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Scalise Speier 
b1408 Messrs. CAPUANO and COSTA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 426. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 426. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ILL). The question is on the resolu-tion. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 196, not voting 7, as follows: [Roll No. 427] AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—196 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.007 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6491 July 27, 2017 
DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cummings Hollingsworth Issa Napolitano Roskam Ryan (OH) Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the further consider-ation of H.R. 3219, and that I may in-clude tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 478 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3219. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA) kindly take the chair. b1427 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3129) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. I
SSA(Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 63 printed in House Re-port 115–259 offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) had been disposed of. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the further amendment printed in part A of the House Report 115–261 shall be considered as adopted. The text of the further amendment printed in part A of House Report 115– 261 is as follows: 
After division D, insert the following: DIVISION E—DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY BORDER INFRASTRUC-TURE CONSTRUCTION APPROPRIATION ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, namely: U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses for U.S. Customs and Border Protection for procurement, con-struction, and improvements, $1,571,239,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, which shall be available as follows: (1) $784,000,000 for 32 miles of new border bollard fencing in the Rio Grande Valley, Texas. (2) $498,000,000 for 28 miles of new bollard levee wall in the Rio Grande Valley, Texas. (3) $251,000,000 for 14 miles of secondary fencing in San Diego, California. (4) $38,239,000 for planning for border wall construction. TITLE I—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 101. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this division shall be treated as re-ferring only to the provisions of this divi-sion. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Border Infrastructure Construction Appropriations Act, 2018’’. The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–261, amendments en bloc described in sec-tion 3 of House Resolution 478, and available pro forma amendments de-scribed in section 4 of House Resolu-tion 473. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before ac-tion thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by sec-tion 4 of House Resolution 473, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appro-priations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part B of the report not earlier disposed of. Amend-ments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees, shall not be subject to amendment, except as pro-vided by section 4 of House Resolution 473, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . 
GRANGER OF TEXAS  
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to section 3 of House Resolution 478, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 11, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 28, 29, 32, 33, 34, 36, 37, 40, 44, 46, 49, 50, 52, 53, and 54 printed in part B of House Report 115–261, offered by Ms. G
RANGER of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 3, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
BRIDENSTINE OF OKLAHOMA  Page 7, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 7, line 15, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $5,600,000)’’. Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount inset the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
NEW YORK  Page 7, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 7, line 24, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $598,000)’’. Page 33, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $598,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . SHEA - 
PORTER OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  Page 7, line 24, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘ (reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 16, line 3, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘ (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE OF  
NEW JERSEY  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $100,000) (in-creased by $100,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MRS . 
NAPOLITANO OF CALIFORNIA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $194,897,000) (increased by $194,897,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
OF WISCONSIN  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $26,200,000)’’. Page 23, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $26,200,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. Page 27, line 24, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . ROSEN OF  
NEVADA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. Page 33, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. Page 33, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(decreased by $20,000,000)’’. Page 33, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.052 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6494 July 27, 2017 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
OF MARYLAND  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $8,000,000)’’. Page 87, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . KNIGHT OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 28, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $16,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $16,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 31, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MS . CHENEY OF  
WYOMING  Page 32, line 25, before the colon, insert ‘‘, except for missile defense requirements re-sulting from urgent or emergent operational needs’’. Page 37, line 1, before the semicolon, insert ‘‘, except for missile defense requirements resulting from urgent or emergent oper-ational needs’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . PAULSEN  
OF MINNESOTA  Page 33, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $12,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 33, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 33, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 34, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . BROWN OF  
MARYLAND  Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,135,000) (increased by $4,135,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
OF CONNECTICUT  In section 8010, strike ‘‘SSN Virginia Class Submarine’’ and insert ‘‘up to 13 SSN Vir-ginia Class Submarines’’. AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
OF MISSISSIPPI  Page 49, line 18, strike ‘‘up to 10’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH OF  
VERMONT  At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ may be used to procure uniforms for the Afghan Na-tional Army. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
OF MARYLAND  At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the closure of a biosafety level 4 laboratory. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 80, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $6,250,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 33, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $24,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $27,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 129, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000)’’. Page 143, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . RASKIN OF  
MARYLAND  Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 37, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, the amendments included in the en bloc were made in order by the rule for con-sideration of division A of H.R. 3219 and have been agreed to by both sides. Mr. Chairman, I support the amend-ment and urge its adoption, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge passage of my amend-ment which supports the Army’s un-funded requirements request for im-proved munitions precision. The continued development of mis-sile cooling technology, which releases a refrigerant at predetermined tem-peratures, maintains the integrity of missile electronics when fired. This im-proves flight control, extends range, and provides greater targeting preci-sion. My amendment improves current and future missile systems, furthering our ability to reach every corner of the world in defense of our Nation. As we grapple with threats from ad-versaries such as North Korea, Russia, and Iran and execute our counter-ISIL campaign, our military deserves the greatest technological edge so that our troops never find themselves in a fair fight. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment to maintain America’s military tech-nology superiority as our servicemem-bers bravely safeguard our Nation. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment that would—it is shocking that it would have to even do this— prohibit spending money on these Af-ghan uniforms that met the sartorial taste of a general that corresponded to lush tropical forests. Number one, what the general wants for sartorial splen-dor of his troops is not our problem. Number two, his sartorial taste had to do with tropical forests, which is not what we have in Afghanistan. I am very happy that General Mattis himself was outraged by this, and I ap-plaud him. But it is an opportunity for us to express our outrage as well. We all want to support our men and women in uniform, and we all want them to have good uniforms. But it is not up to an Afghan general to take taxpayer money on a vanity project that ultimately undercuts the security of our troops. So, Mr. Chairman, I believe I speak for everyone. Let’s not do it. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to commend the gen-tleman from Vermont for his amend-ment and for his thoughtful approach to this problem. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the bipartisan amendment that I am leading on with Representative C
OMSTOCK , along with many of our colleagues on the STARBASE Caucus. I appreciate it being included in the en bloc package of amendments. This amendment would simply in-crease funding for the Department of Defense’s STARBASE program from 25 to $30 million for the fiscal year 2018, bringing funding back to the fiscal year 2017 enacted level. Providing science, technology, engineering, and math, STEM education, to America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.019 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6495 July 27, 2017 
youth is critical to the global competi-tiveness of our Nation. The STARBASE program engages local fifth grade elementary students by exposing them to STEM subjects through an inquiry-based curriculum. Serving communities from Los Alamitos, California, to Winchester, Virginia, and across the Nation, there are now 59 programs in congressional districts throughout 30 States, includ-ing the District of Columbia and Puer-to Rico. Close to 1 million fifth graders across the Nation have now had the op-portunity to participate in hands-on STEM classes on military bases thanks to STARBASE. Moreover, the Department of De-fense’s STARBASE program is one of the most cost-effective programs across the Federal Government. Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of this amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of Mr. D
ELANEY ’s bi-partisan amendment included in this en bloc that would increase funding for the Fisher House Foundation. Fisher House has now served our vet-erans and their families for 26 years providing valuable housing opportuni-ties as veterans receive medical treat-ment at military and VA medical cen-ters across the country. When I first learned of them—longer than I want to admit—there were just a few of them. Now there are 72 and many more in the pipeline. They have served 305,000 mili-tary families. For many veterans and their fami-lies, the distance to their nearest VA medical center can be too far to travel on a routine basis, and the cost over time means many veterans are alone— nobody by their side—during their treatment or hospital stay—a situation no one should be in. No veteran who has served their country should have to face medical care or a hospital stay without the sup-port of their loved ones by their side. Fisher Houses provide the lodging and transportation resources to help fami-lies stay together throughout the treatment process. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ), who is a member of the full committee. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member very much for yielding to me today. I rise during this en bloc amendment debate to discuss an issue that is raised in the amendment about the impor-tance of the DDG–51 to our Navy. In particular, I am grateful to our com-mittee for the clear guidance and lan-guage that was provided in the fiscal year 2017 Omnibus Appropriations Act that was passed in this body just 2 short months ago. That language called attention to the need not only to support the DDG–51 program but to ensure we do so with a design and upgrade that is technically mature and fiscally responsible. It was clear in that language, and in report language that is included in the bill before us today, that Congress con-tinues to expect the Navy to comply with the direction that the additional fiscal year ‘16 DDG–51 ship be con-tracted and completed as a flight II-A ship. Because there are concerns raised by the GAO about the new flight III design radar upgrade for the DDG–51, there needs to be a thoughtful process in place. Again, I want to thank the chair and ranking member who have been incred-ibly supportive of the DDG program in the past and the work that it brings to States like Maine and across the coun-try. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I simply, again, reiterate my support for the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I want to make a statement regarding the passage of H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropria-tions Act, 2018. Specifically, I would like to make a statement about my amendment, Soto Number 20, to Division A, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018. My amend-ment moved $10 million from the Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide account to the Defense Health Program’s Peer-Reviewed Prostate Cancer Research Program. Prostate cancer is the most commonly diag-nosed cancer in men and is the second most common cause of male death. In 2017, ap-proximately 161,360 men in the U.S. will be diagnosed with prostate cancer and an esti-mated 26,730 will die from it. The Prostate Cancer Research Program is a unique research program in that it prioritizes research that will lead to the elimination of death from prostate cancer while enhancing the well-being of men experiencing the impact of the disease. I support funding prostate cancer research and thank my colleagues for their support of my amendment. Mr. Chair, I want to make a statement re-garding the passage of H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act, 2018. Specifically, I would like to make a statement about my amendment, Soto Number 19, to Di-vision A, the Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2018. My amendment moved $1 million from the Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide account to the Defense Health Program’s Peer-Reviewed Gulf War Illness Research Program. If we are going to spend money on medical research within the Department of Defense, the Department must adequately fund re-search on those diseases that originate in war and wholly affect our servicemen and women. Over a quarter of a million veterans display symptoms of this disease, and the time has come to find, and fund, a cure for it. I support funding Gulf War illness research and thank my colleagues for their support of my amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for shepherding this legis-lation to the floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe and for their work in ensuring that they have re-sources needed to keep our Armed Forces the greatest fighting force for peace on earth. Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment, which is simple and straightforward and affirms an example of the national goodness that makes America the most exceptional nation on earth. The purpose of Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 is to provide the Secretary of Defense flexibility to allocate resources needed to pro-vide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, ter-rorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking. Mr. Chair, the United States is committed to combating violent extremism, protecting our borders and the globe from the scourge of ter-rorism. The United States Armed Forces possess an unparalleled expertise and technological capability that will aid not only in combating and defeating terrorists who hate our country and prey upon innocent persons, especially women, girls, and the elderly. But we must recognize that notwithstanding our extraordinary technical military capabilities, we face adversaries who adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geo-graphic limitations or norms of morality and decency. Al Qaeda, Boko Haram, Al Shabaab, ISIS/ ISIL and other militant terrorists, including the Sinai’s Ansar Beit al-Maqdis in the Sinai Pe-ninsula which poses a threat to Egypt. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 helps pro-vide the Department of Defense with the re-sources needed to provide technical assist-ance to countries on innovative strategies to provide defense technologies and resources that promote the security of the American peo-ple and allied nation states. Terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics traf-ficking and their impact on women and girls across the globe has had a great adverse im-pact on us all. According to a UNICEF report, rape, torture and human trafficking by terrorist and militant groups have been employed as weapons of war, affecting over twenty thousand women and girls. Looking at the history of terrorism highlights the importance of providing technical assist-ance through our military might, as this en-ables us to combat terrorism which now can plague us here in the United States. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 will help curb terrorism abroad by making available American technical military expertise to mili-tary in other countries, like Nigeria, who are combating violent jihadists in their country and to keep those terrorists out of our country. Time and again American lives have been lost at the hands of terrorists. These victims include Christians, Muslims, journalists, health care providers, relief work-ers, schoolchildren, and members of the diplo-matic corps and the Armed Services. This is why the technical assistance offered by our military personnel is integral to pro-moting security operation of intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance aircraft for mis-sions to empower local forces to combat ter-rorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.056 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6496 July 27, 2017 
Terrorists across the globe have wreaked havoc on our society and cannot be tolerated or ignored, for their actions pose a threat to our national security and the security of the world. Mr. Chair, from the United States to Africa to Europe to Asia and the Middle East, it is clear that combating terrorism remains one of our highest national priorities. Collectively, helping our neighbors and their military build capacity to combat terrorism, eradicate human trafficking, stop narcotics trafficking and negate their impact on women and girls across the globe serves our national interest. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment, which is identical to an amendment that I offered and was adopted last year to the Defense Appropriations Act for FY2017 (H.R. 5293). My amendment increases funding for the Defense Health Program’s research and de-velopment by $10 million. These funds will address the question of breast cancer in the United States military. The American Cancer Society calls several strains of breast cancer as a particularly ag-gressive subtype associated with lower sur-vival rates; in this instance, it is a triple nega-tive. But I raise an article: ‘‘Fighting a Different Battle; Breast Cancer and the Military.’’ Breast cancer can affect both men and women. The bad news is breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women in the military as combat. Let me say that sentence again. Breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women in the military as combat. More than 800 women have been wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the Army Times; 874 military women were diagnosed with breast cancer just between 2000 and 2011. And according to that same study, more are suspected. It grows. The good news is that we have been work-ing on it, and I want to add my appreciation to the military. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25, however, will allow for the additional research. That research is particularly needed since women are joining the Armed Services in in-creasing numbers and serving longer, ascend-ing to leadership. Within increased age comes increased risk and incidence of breast cancer. Not only is breast cancer striking relatively young military women at an alarming rate, but male service members, veterans and their de-pendents are at risk as well. With a younger and generally healthier pop-ulation, those in military tend to have a lower risk for most cancers than civilians—including significantly lower colorectal, lung and cer-vical—but breast cancer is a different story. Military people in general, and in some cases very specifically, are at a significantly greater risk for contracting breast cancer, ac-cording to Dr. Richard Clapp, a top cancer ex-pert at Boston University who works at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast cancer issues. Dr. Clapp notes that life in the military can mean exposure to a witch’s brew of risk fac-tors directly linked to greater chances of get-ting breast cancer. So, I am asking that we do the right thing. We are on the right track, we’re on the right road. But with the expansion of women in the mili-tary, it is extremely important to move forward with this amendment to help ensure that the men and women who risk their lives to protect our freedom can live longer, healthier lives. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that the En Bloc Amendment also includes Jackson Lee Amendment No. 50 that was made in order under the Rule. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 50 increases funding for the PTSD by $5 million. These funds should be used toward out-reach activities targeting hard to reach vet-erans, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas, who suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Dis-order (PTSD). Mr. Chair, along with traumatic brain injury, PTSD is the signature wound suffered by the brave men and women fighting in Afghanistan, Iraq, and far off lands to defend the values and freedom we hold dear. For those of us whose daily existence is not lived in harm’s way, it is difficult to imagine the horrific images that American servicemen and women deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters of war see on a daily basis. In an instant a suicide bomber, an IED, or an insurgent can obliterate your best friend and right in front of your face. Yet, you are trained and expected to con-tinue on with the mission, and you do, even though you may not even have reached your 20th birthday. But there always comes a reckoning. And it usually comes after the stress and trauma of battle is over and you are alone with your thoughts and memories. And the horror of those desperate and dan-gerous encounters with the enemy and your own mortality come flooding back. PTSD was first brought to public attention in relation to war veterans, but it can result from a variety of traumatic incidents, such as tor-ture, being kidnapped or held captive, bomb-ings, or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes. People with PTSD may startle easily, be-come emotionally numb (especially in relation to people with whom they used to be close), lose interest in things they used to enjoy, have trouble feeling affectionate, be irritable, be-come more aggressive, or even become vio-lent. They avoid situations that remind them of the original incident, and anniversaries of the incident are often very difficult. Most people with PTSD repeatedly relive the trauma in their thoughts during the day and in nightmares when they sleep. These are called flashbacks; a person hav-ing a flashback may lose touch with reality and believe that the traumatic incident is hap-pening all over again. Mr. Chair, the fact of the matter is that most veterans with PTSD also have other psy-chiatric disorders, which are a consequence of PTSD. These veterans have co-occurring disorders, which include depression, alcohol and/or drug abuse problems, panic, and/or other anxiety disorders. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 50 recognizes that these soldiers are first and foremost, human, who live their experiences. Ask a veteran of Vietnam, Iraq, or Afghani-stan about the frequency of nightmares they experience, and one will realize that serving in the Armed Forces leaves a lasting impression, whether good or bad. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 50 will help ensure that ‘‘no soldier is left behind’’ by ad-dressing the urgent need for more outreach toward hard to reach veterans suffering from PTSD, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas of our country. I thank the Chair and Ranking Member for including Jackson Lee Amendment No. 50 in the En Bloc Amendment and urge my col-leagues to support the En Bloc Amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amend-ment today to support the DOD Cyber Scholarship Program with strong bi-partisan support from my good friends, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. L IEU, and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . Mr. Chairman, since 2001, DOD has run the Information Assurance Schol-arship Program in order to boost the Nation’s cyber workforce through scholarship and capacity-building grants. Scholarship recipients are re-quired to fulfill a service obligation by working in a cybersecurity position at DOD upon graduation. Mr. Chairman, this program had been extremely successful, bringing nearly 600 students into the DOD workforce. However, due to budget constraints, the Department has reduced funding and stopped recruiting new students. This year we seek to reinvigorate the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.020 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6497 July 27, 2017 
program, calling it the DOD Cyber Scholarship Program. As the ranking member of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I fully understand the budget pressure the Department has been facing. How-ever, cutting the pipeline of cyber tal-ent into the Department is incredibly shortsighted. We face a critical work-force shortage right now, as we speak, when it comes to cybersecurity across all sectors of the economy and in gov-ernment. The challenges of building up our cyber talent is something that keeps me up at night. We know that cyberse-curity is the national security issue of the 21st century and that no conflict, both today or in the future, will be fought without a cyber component as a part of it. Now, DOD has made significant strides in preparing to defend the Na-tion in this new domain, standing up USCYBERCOM and improving its cy-bersecurity posture through programs like the wildly successful Hack the Pentagon program and DARPA’s Cyber Grand Challenge. But these initiatives need talented network engineers, cy-bersecurity researchers, and, yes, hack-ers. The Cyber Scholarship Program en-courages students to look at cybersecu-rity as an area of academic study and then exposes them to the amazing mis-sion set at the Department. While we may not be able to compete on a dol-lar-to-dollar basis with the private sec-tor in terms of salary, public service certainly is its own reward, and DOD has the most challenging and reward-ing problems facing us today and the honor that comes with protecting their fellow Americans. We need as many digital natives to enter this exciting field and experience the rewards of public service, which is why we must reinvigorate the Cyber Scholarship Program with this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I worked with the same colleagues who joined me on this amendment to include similar funding in the National Defense Authorization Act. I would like to thank my friends, Senators K
AINE, PERDUE , and R OUNDS  for leading a similar effort across the Capitol in the Senate. So I would also like to, again, thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their steadfast commitment to our armed services. This commonsense amendment will help ensure DOD is prepared for future fights, and I urge its adoption. Ms. GRANGER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the amendment. b1445 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of amendment No. 8 offered by Mr. L
ANGEVIN to provide funding for the Department of Defense Cyber Scholarship Program. Our country is facing a severe short-age of trained cyber professionals, a shortage that includes about 10,000 cy-bersecurity experts in government alone, and estimated to be about 1 mil-lion shortages throughout our economy by 2019. We need to give young people the in-centive to follow careers in cybersecu-rity to learn skills such as computer coding and ethical hacking. This amendment provides $10 million for scholarships for associate degrees at community colleges and assists with program execution from DOD and NSA. I cosponsored this amendment, and I want to thank Congressman L
ANGEVIN  for offering this important piece of leg-islation. I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, just briefly, I thank my colleagues that were speaking in favor of my amend-ment. I thank the majority for accept-ing the amendment and supporting the effort to build up our Nation’s cyber workforce. Cybersecurity is the national secu-rity challenge of the 21st century. We are doing great things to meet those challenges. We just need to make sure our workforce can meet those needs. I know this amendment will be a major step in helping us to achieve that goal. I thank all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and I thank the chair and ranking member for their support of this effort. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . SUOZZI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $34,734,000)’’. Page 14, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $34,734,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak in support of a bipartisan amendment that I am offering with Congressman PETER KING and Con-gressman P
AULCOOK. Amendment No. 10 under the rule is to division A of the Defense Appropria-tions bill. The purpose of the amend-ment is to match the $34 million in funding for the Navy’s Environmental Restoration Account, authorized unanimously in the 2018 National De-fense Authorization Act, but was not included in the appropriations process. In my district, for almost four dec-ades, the people of Bethpage and the surrounding areas have been dealing with an environmental crisis. Ground-water pollution, stemming from the Navy and defense contractor activity, has resulted in an underground plume of contaminated water that is moving south through Long Island’s sole source of drinking water, towards Con-gressman K
ING’s district. While costly remediation efforts en-sure the water is safe to consume, it doesn’t change the fact that residents deserve to have this cleaned up before it spreads any further. The contamination, known as the Navy-Grumman Plume, is one of thou-sands of sites at hundreds of locations that have experienced environmental degradation because of defense-related activities. Congressman P
ETER KING, Congressman P
AUL COOK, and I have submitted this bipartisan amendment that will increase funding for the Navy’s Environmental Restoration Ac-count, which helps fund cleanup and re-mediation efforts for these sites. This is not a partisan issue. The funding levels sought by this amend-ment received bipartisan support in the NDAA. Chairman T
HORNBERRY ’s mark and my amendment together, which was joined by Congressman C
OOK and Congresswoman H
ANABUSA , increased the authorized amount by $42 million. The amount sought here, $34 million, will match the appropriated amount with the authorized funding levels. Our colleagues on both sides of the aisle supported that effort because this fund-ing will help clean up sites from Maine to Hawaii, from Florida to Washington State, and were provided for with the appropriate pay-for. I ask for my colleagues’ support for this bipartisan amendment so we can help fund efforts across the country to help clean up environmental contami-nation in our districts. People in my district and regions across the country deserve to have these sites fully cleaned. It is commonsense, bipartisan, and the right thing to do. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman raising this issue. I am supportive of efforts to ensure that the Department of Defense takes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.059 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6498 July 27, 2017 
responsibility for any potential con-tamination issues. That is why this bill provides more than $1 billion for envi-ronmental restoration accounts, nearly $48 million more than fiscal year 2017. The bill includes an increase of $10 million specifically to support water contamination efforts. In addition, the committee provided an additional $57 million for those efforts in the fiscal year 2017 supplemental appropriations. The committee has already provided a generous amount of funding to ad-dress water contamination, and the De-partment of Defense has assured me that they are addressing each side on a priority basis. The amendment offered by the gen-tleman provides additional funding that the Department may not be able to execute, and the funding comes at the expense of the warfighter readiness account. Therefore, I must oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to point out to the gentle-woman, respectfully, that it will cost billions of dollars to clean up these sites in the United States of America. The increase that we are seeking here, in a bipartisan fashion, is $34 million to simply match the amount of money that was authorized in the NDAA. In addition, this percentage increase that we are seeking is commensurate with the overall percentage increase in the overall NDAA budget this year from last year. So we are just simply seeking the same commensurate amount increase in this portion of the budget that there is in another portion. We are looking to have the pay-for to come from the operations and mainte-nance defense-wide account, of which there is over $33 billion. We are looking for $34 million just to try to advance some of these cleanups. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SUOZZI. I yield to the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would point out that the gentle-woman is absolutely correct. The com-mittee worked hard to increase funding for these accounts. Also, I would point out, representing the First Congressional District of In-diana, I am intimately familiar with the problems these environmental sites have. There is much to do, many resources we need to look for, and I would sup-port the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to close by saying that I do appreciate the hard work that has been done by so many on both sides of the aisle in this particular area. We all ap-preciate how important the cleanup of these environmental sites are. The peo-ple in my district have been suffering with this for 40 years, and we are try-ing to bring attention to the issue and trying to get the resources focused on this. We have met with people from the Navy, from the Army Corps of Engi-neers, from the EPA, from the DEC, and from local State officials in the State of New York that are interested. Congressman P
ETER KING and Con-gressman P
AUL COOK both understand how important it is that we try and send the signal that we are trying to have a commensurate increase in this account with the overall increase in the budget. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $60,000,000)’’. Page 14, line 13, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 15, line 8, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B
OYLE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Chairman, this is a bit of a complex issue, so I will do my best to explain. It is, unfortunately, an issue that my constituents and a number in the suburban Philadelphia area have been dealing with now for the last 2
1⁄2 years. The chemicals with the acronyms PFOS and PFOA are part of a class of manmade, highly fluorinated chemi-cals that are highly persistent in our environment. In the 1970s, the Department of De-fense began using a firefighting foam with the acronym AFFF. Unfortu-nately, that firefighting foam to extin-guish petroleum fires contained these chemical compounds. These chemicals have subsequently been linked to prob-lems in liver, thyroid, and pancreatic function, as well as changes in hor-mone levels. Some studies have shown develop-mental issues in children, decreased fertility, increased cholesterol, im-mune system deficiencies, and an in-creased cancer risk. Production of AFFF has ceased, but stockpiles re-main. Today, the Department of Defense is evaluating and testing the drinking water systems of hundreds of commu-nities nationwide due to PFOA and PFOS contamination on or sur-rounding these defense installations across the country that used AFFF. So far, water contamination has been found near 27 military bases in 16 States. This includes the community that I represent and that my col-leagues share in representing. In my district alone, families surrounding Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Willow Grove, as well as the Horsham Air Guard Station, suffer from the un-certainty of wondering whether their child’s or their spouse’s illness is caused by the military’s contamination on the base in their local community. They have paid for endless stockpiles of bottled water and higher utility fees, as their communities have taken steps to reduce the water system’s exposure. I commend the steps the military has taken to date, but more can and must be done. I know that our communities in the Philadelphia area are, sadly, just the tip of the iceberg. This past year alone, since the EPA tightened its lifetime health advisory under the Safe Drink-ing Water Act, the Department has completed testing of 480 drinking water systems at locations where the Depart-ment supplies drinking water. It con-tinues to conduct preliminary assess-ments and site inspections under CERCLA to identify sites where PFOA and PFOS may have been released by the Department of Defense. The Department spent approximately $200 million just last year in response to PFOA and PFOS contamination na-tionwide. This funding has been used to conduct preliminary assessments and site inspections, test drinking water systems, and provide mitigation such as bottled water or drinking water fil-tration systems where water system tests indicated PFOA and PFOS are above the EPA advisory levels. Unfortunately, though, the Depart-ment has been funding this response using existing funds that were origi-nally programmed for other response actions. In order to support near-term out-reach and engagement in local commu-nities that have this impacted drinking water system and adequately prepare for long-term remediation of what is likely to be billions of dollars’ and many years’ worth of response, I worked with the House Armed Services Committee to increase its authoriza-tion for the Navy and Air Force envi-ronmental remediation accounts by an additional $30 million each in the NDAA the House passed earlier this month. My amendment would bring the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.062 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6499 July 27, 2017 
appropriation in line with that author-ization. This funding is a necessary response to an ongoing environmental issue that is only going to get worse and more ex-pensive for the Department, not to mention the countless innocent com-munities impacted across the country, both in Republican and Democratic dis-tricts. b1500 I want to thank my Republican neighbors P
ATMEEHAN and B RIAN F
ITZPATRICK for working with me on this issue in a truly bipartisan manner. I hope the House comes together in a similar manner today to strengthen our Department of Defense’s response to drinking water contamination it is causing in the communities we rep-resent. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 15 seconds re-maining. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), my neigh-bor and colleague from Bucks County. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, with my limited time, I just want to say Brendan said it well. He has done a fabulous job working with Congress-man M
EEHAN and me, all of whom have districts that have been impacted by this real tragedy, and I stand in full support. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I share many of the gentleman’s concerns, and I appreciate him raising this issue. I support environmental remediation ef-forts that ensure that drinking water is safe in communities across the Nation. That is why this bill includes $1 billion for environmental restoration. The amount represents $48 million more than the fiscal year 2017 level and includes $10 million above the request to specifically address PFC contamina-tion. In addition, we include an addi-tional $57 million for drinking water cleanup in the fiscal year 2017 supple-mental appropriations. This committee has included signifi-cant funding to address drinking water contamination issues, and I am con-cerned that the Department will not be able to execute the additional $60 mil-lion offered by this amendment; there-fore, I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. Page 22, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chair-woman and ranking member for their collaborative effort to bring this bill forward. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3219. Nothing is more important than the safety of our men and women in uniform, and I be-lieve that we in Congress are com-mitted to ensuring our armed services receive the best equipment possible. This equipment includes platforms like the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, or JLTV. This vehicle is the centerpiece of the Army and Marine Corps’ tactical wheeled vehicle modernization strat-egy and closes an existing critical ca-pability gap for both services. The JLTV demonstrates many sig-nificant improvements over the cur-rent vehicle fleet, including strength-ened protection for passengers against current and future battlefield threats, more payload capacity, and better automotive performance. This is basically what replaces years ago what you would call your Jeep. Anybody who talks to veterans or hears about people being injured and all, so many of them died or were seri-ously injured driving in a vehicle that hit an explosive. These vehicles are going to be a dramatic improvement over what we have now as far as saving lives in our troops. As long as we have troops in Afghani-stan, it is important that, as quickly as possible, we deliver the best equip-ment possible. To achieve that goal, Congress should maintain its support for the existing JLTV acquisition plan. Recently, we in the House passed the National Defense Authorization Act of 2018. My amendment to this appropria-tions bill would simply transfer funds from the operations and maintenance account in the bill and then appro-priate those funds to the JLTV pro-gram to bring them in line with what we in the House authorized in the NDAA. The JLTV program supports Amer-ican jobs with more than 300 suppliers from 30 States. Pure and simple, the JLTV platform will save lives and im-prove our troops’ effectiveness in the field. I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. Ms. GRANGER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GROTHMAN. I yield to the gen-tlewoman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his amend-ment. The amendment proposes to add funding back to the JLTV program, cutting the House defense bill due to a lack of information provided by the Army budget justification. The cut to the JLTV program re-flects the committee’s concern with the Army’s failure to provide the full budget justification information for an $804 million program. Failure to pro-vide this information makes it impos-sible for the committee to exercise its fiscal oversight responsibilities. However, the JLTV program is im-portant to the warfighter and is exe-cuting well. I do not oppose this amendment. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the Appropriations Com-mittee for the hard work they have done. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . DUNN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 34, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000) (increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, throughout the country, there are remote areas where the men and women of our armed services pre-pare for war in order to protect the peace. Although these places are often over-looked, our investments in military test and training ranges are returned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.064 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6500 July 27, 2017 
to the Nation many times over in the projection of American military su-premacy around the globe protecting the homeland and preserving inter-national order. In the Southeast, the Joint Gulf Range Complex facilities are for test-ing and training of supersonic and hypersonic weapons systems, including combat training and live-fire exercises of the frontline fighters like the F–22 and F–35. The 325th Fighter Wing and the 53rd Weapons Evaluation Group at Tyndall Air Force Base, the 96th Test Wing at Eglin Air Force Base, and the Special Operations Command at Hurlburt Field make extensive use of the Joint Gulf Range Complex. There is no comparable area in the United States near an established base with instrumentation infrastructure that can support advanced testing and joint training exercises like this. How-ever, deployment of the instrumenta-tion necessary to collect the data dur-ing the training on these fifth- and sixth-generation weapons systems is not in keeping with the U.S. Air Force needs. Instrumentation limitations have restricted the F–35 and F–22 train-ing missions to the northernmost por-tion of the range. According to a study by the 96th Test Wing at Eglin Air Force Base, this limitation causes con-gestion and has obstructed at least 80 missions per year. This amendment, which I am offering with my Florida colleagues, Mr. T
OM R
OONEY , Mr. M ATT GAETZ , and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY , will accelerate in-vestments approved by Congress to de-ploy new infrastructure along the Joint Gulf Range Complex. The amend-ment will maximize the utility of this vast range, which is a true national treasure for combat training and ad-vanced testing and evaluation. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, will the gentleman yield? Mr. DUNN. I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the com-mittee has no objection. The amend-ment’s funding for major test facilities is critical to ensuring our military re-tains its competitive lead over our competitors. We are prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to accept the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ), my colleague and friend. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank our colleagues in the House for their agreement. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the brave men and women of the greatest military on Earth and to ensure that they are properly equipped for any and all challenges on the horizon. I support increased investments in our military test and training ranges with help from our Armed Forces to deal with the world’s challenges. In my district, the Gulf Test Range provides approximately 120,000 square miles of overwater airspace. It is used for high-altitude, supersonic air com-bat training, air-to-air missile testing, drone targeting, hypersonic weapons testing, space launches, and much more. It is critical training space for our Armed Forces, including the Air Force Special Operations Command, the 96th Test Wing, the 33rd Fighter Wing, and others. This is why I ask my colleagues to support the amendment to increase funding for the test range program. I thank the Congressman from Flor-ida, Dr. DUNN, for his leadership, for the men and women in the military. I thank Chair G
RANGER for her agree-ment to this amendment. I thank the minority party. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chair, I have no fur-ther comments or remarks; however, I would like to encourage my colleagues to support this amendment to enhance military readiness and national secu-rity. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 37, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000) (increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, the American people are becoming more and more aware of the degenerative disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy, CTE, due to the crisis in the NFL. The NFL, of course, has been trying to sweep this under the rug. Very recently, the Journal of the American Medical Association, a pre-mier journal that is peer-reviewed, pro-vided a study that found severe neuro-logical damage in the vast majority of former football players’ brains that were donated for research after they developed mental symptoms during life. Eighty-seven percent of all foot-ball players’ brains showed CTE, but a truly horrible figure, 99 percent of the brains of NFL players showed CTE. However, the dangers of CTE are not confined to football. Our servicemen and -women are subject to similar—or, oftentimes, even worse—dangers in the line of duty for the service they pro-vide to our Nation. Last year, I was honored to host Dr. Bennet Omalu for the State of the Union. He is the doctor portrayed in the film ‘‘Concussion,’’ exposing the impact of CTE on professional football players. He began his research covering his own expenses and exposing a cover-up of the suicides of former athletes. However, his research and the research of others is limited by the funding, which is why I am offering this amend-ment. Today we have an opportunity to pre-vent a similar kind of coverup among our service agencies. This amendment would dedicate $25 million in funding as part of the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs to award grants to medical researchers and uni-versities to support early detection of CTE. b1515 This amendment would not increase spending, but take the funding already allocated and put some of it—a very small part of it—towards CTE. Every hour, we lose another veteran to suicide. We have made great strides towards supporting PTSD research, but the exposure to IEDs and other blasts and blows to the head, may be doing similar damage, which goes unseen until it is too late. By diagnosing CTE early among servicemembers, perhaps we can begin to change the troubling trend of suicides among our veterans. You may hear arguments today that this amendment is not necessary, since DOD is already spending $125 million on TBI research. But this research is on short-term trauma, not on long- term effects of repeated head injuries and, what are called, subconcussive blows. Servicemembers at risk of CTE may not even have acute trauma. CTE can result from minor events over a long period of time. You may also hear that Congress shouldn’t dictate the DOD research. But it is absolutely Congress’ role to have input into DOD spending, and there is a huge need that is not being filled. And we already are requiring that they do TBI research as it is. Now, some have suggested: Well, there has been some projects funded. Of the $125 million of funding, the amount of money going to CTE projects has been, since 2012, only five projects, for a grand total cost of $2.9 million. And not one dime has been spent since 2013. It is time for us to accept that science is real here. JAMA has just put out a stunning report that suggests that this is a very serious problem, and it is time for us to combat this issue. Creating dedicated grants for the early detection of CTE has the poten-tial to prevent suicides among our servicemembers and will have, I think, a very important impact on how we look at CTE in the future and how we make sure that our servicemembers are properly protected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.069 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6501 July 27, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentlewoman’s concern to provide adequate funding for this very important research, and we have spo-ken about it. I am a strong supporter of funding for research in this area, and that is why the bill already provides $125 million toward grants for PTSD and traumatic brain injury research, including CTE, which has previously received millions of dollars in research grants under this program. A previous amendment would create a new research program, focused solely on CTE research. And since CTE re-search is already eligible under the PTSD-TBI research program, it is much more appropriate to add funding to the PTSD-TBI program, rather than create a new research program. There-fore, I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
IS-
CLOSKY ). Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, I reluctantly join with the chair in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment and share the chair’s concern over the issue raised. However, I don’t think the approach is an appropriate one in that we would carve out another budget line. Given my anticipation that we will not have a full 12-month fiscal year for this money to be spent, I am very con-cerned that we will find enough projects for this money to be spent on. In the meantime, they would then be eliminated from the existing line for other possible research. Mr. Chairman, I would look to work with the gentlewoman to address this issue in a fulsome fashion, but not in this manner. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his remarks, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, I thank both of my colleagues for their expres-sion of support for the concept of mak-ing sure that CTE is studied. I am just hopeful that we can guar-antee, through this amendment, that of that $125 million, some portion of it is set aside for CTE research. The fact that only $2.9 million has gone to CTE research since 2012, and not a dime since 2013, makes me worry that it is not a high priority within the Depart-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Strike sections 8094 and 8095. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will strike sections 8094 and 8095 of the bill that prohibit the transfer of Guanta-namo detainees to the United States and prohibit the use of funds to con-struct or modify facilities in the United States for Guantanamo detain-ees. These provisions are designed to further delay the transfer of detainees out of Guantanamo. Guantanamo is costing us a fortune. It costs the American taxpayer $10 mil-lion a year to keep a single detainee in Guantanamo, and only $78,000 to keep a detainee in a Federal maximum secu-rity prison in the United States. That is a waste of $440 million a year. Perhaps, most importantly, it is a question of values. What is most offen-sive is not that the prisoners are at Guantanamo, as opposed to some pris-on in the United States, but that we are holding people without any hear-ing, without any due process, essen-tially forever. That is against all American values. Mr. Chairman, we have debated Guantanamo amendments every year, multiple times a year. The last time was 2 weeks ago. It is an issue I care deeply about, and I offer this amend-ment again. However, yesterday, the President took an action that is so egregious, and so offensive, that I feel compelled to use a portion of my time to address it directly. Yesterday’s attack by the Com-mander in Chief on our military’s Ac-tive-Duty transgender personnel is ap-palling. Transgender individuals are part of the fabric of America and have always been part of our military, whether we have historically acknowl-edged them or not. The arguments against allowing transgender servicemembers to serve openly in our military are the same ar-guments that have been used against every other group that has been pro-hibited from serving in our country’s history—including Black and Latino men, women, gays, lesbians, and bisexuals. Each time the doors of our military open farther to better reflect the diversity of our Nation, the same tired and discredited arguments are brought back: that any individual in the new group, regardless of his or her ability, is unfit to serve and that their service will disrupt unit cohesion. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself an additional 1 minute. Not only should all willing and able Americans be allowed and encouraged to serve—they already do. A report pre-pared for the Department of Defense estimates thousands of transgender in-dividuals serve today, without issue. The President must not impose blan-ket bans that prejudge servicemembers based on their identity, rather than their own merits. President Trump is attacking people who have shown a willingness—indeed, an eagerness—to risk their lives in the service of our country. It is apparent that the deci-sion to ban transgender people from military service was taken without consulting Secretary of Defense Mattis, who seemed surprised by the tweets, or the military, which seems at a loss as to how to implement the order. Even if this bigoted order is moti-vated by political opportunism, it dis-graces our country and must be re-scinded. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, these important revisions have been included in several appropriations bills for sev-eral years running. They represent a strong and enduring consensus in Con-gress that Guantanamo should remain open and that detainees should not be transferred to the United States for any reason. Striking these provisions would have unknown consequences for U.S. com-munities. It is impossible to know how many detainees might be brought here, where they might be held, and the im-pacts on communities and facilities holding them. It is also impossible to know what the potential costs could be. Putting detainees in U.S. prisons, as the administration originally proposed, would be disruptive and, potentially, disastrous. Former FBI Director Mueller has stated: ‘‘To transfer de-tainees to local jails could affect or in-fect other prisoners or have the capa-bility of affecting events outside the prison system.’’ The idea of bringing detainees for trials in the U.S. quickly collapsed as local jurisdictions voiced their strong opposition. As everyone here is aware, several detainees who have been released from Guantanamo have gone back to the fight and killed and wounded Ameri-cans. The threat is real, and Guanta-namo is already equipped to handle the detention and military trial of these individuals, as appropriate. Any proposal that results in these de-tainees being sent to the United States, for any reason, is simply the wrong policy. I, therefore, oppose the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.072 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6502 July 27, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time, and I thank him for his contin-ued leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-port of this amendment, which would remove a provision that prevents the Department of Defense from closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The continued use of this facility does not make our country safer and only serves to undermine our national security. Well respected military leaders and national security officials have said that Guantanamo remains a propa-ganda tool for terrorist groups that is used to incite violence against Ameri-cans. In 2015, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, which is composed of 57 member states, includ-ing all NATO allies, concluded that Guantanamo serves as an obstacle to counterterrorism cooperation and that the facility should be closed. In addition, the cost of housing de-tainees and maintaining the facility continues to be a financial drain on the Department of Defense. According to Human Rights First, Guantanamo costs the U.S. approxi-mately $445 million per year to oper-ate. The average cost per detainee at Guantanamo is more than $10 million. At the same time, the cost per pris-oner at the Federal supermax prison in Colorado, which houses such terrorists as 9/11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui, World Trade Center bomber Ramzi Yousef, and Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, is $78,000. Mr. Chairman, this should not be a partisan issue. National security ex-perts on both sides of the aisle have concluded that keeping Guantanamo open is harmful to American interests. Secretaries of State from previous Republican administrations, including Henry Kissinger, James Baker, and Colin Powell, have all said that closing Guantanamo would improve America’s image around the world. Former chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey and Admiral Mike Mullen, have both said that the detention facility needs to be closed. Former President George W. Bush has said that the detention facility has ‘‘become a propaganda tool for our en-emies and a distraction for our allies.’’ Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, the man whose credibility on the horrors of war is unimpeachable, has repeatedly said that he favors closing the detention fa-cility because of the imagine of the United States that it projects to the rest of the world. Closing the Guantanamo Bay deten-tion facility will strengthen our na-tional security and show the rest of the world the principle of equal justice under law is inviolable. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to send an important message about the values discussed and support the Nadler amendment. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the ranking member, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I feel compelled to rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment, as it relates to the detention facility at Guanta-namo Bay, and would simply make a few brief remarks. This is, I believe, a very substantive and serious issue facing a constitu-tional government, our government of laws. I would point out that it is a sad state of affairs if somewhere in the United States of America we cannot find a secure facility to detain 41 indi-viduals at this late date, given the fact that President Bush released over 500 people from Guantanamo, and Presi-dent Obama released 197. Mr. Chairman, I would simply close by observing that, within the last week, the Attorney General of the United States of America could not find a justification to have an alleged terrorist, who recruits for al-Qaida, having been extradited from Spain, an Algerian, placed in Guantanamo. That person, as I understand it, as I speak at this moment, is being detained in the United States of America. That is what should happen with the other 41 people. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. b1530 The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 41 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the procure-ment, the deployment, or the research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation of a space- based ballistic missile intercept layer. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I just have a parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I have a question on the procedure. I under-stand that Mr. F
OSTER is recognized. Did I lose track of an amendment for Mr. P
OLIS? The Acting CHAIR. That amendment was called, and the gentleman was not present. Mr. VISCLOSKY. And Mr. P
OE? The Acting CHAIR. That amendment was also called, and the gentleman was not present. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I appreciate the in-formation. Sorry for the interruption very much. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-nizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, as you know, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2018 tasks the Missile Defense Agency with devel-oping a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer. There is no doubt that a space-based missile defense, if it is technologically feasible and economically justifiable, would make an important contribution to our national security. So would the Star Trek transporter or the warp drive, but as a scientist and, in fact, the only Ph.D. scientist in the U.S. Congress, I think that we need to do our homework before investing hun-dreds of billions of dollars into at-tempting to develop this system. As such, my amendment would prohibit the use of funds to attempt to develop a space-based missile intercept layer. It has been more than 30 years since President Reagan called for defending the United States against a first strike by developing a strategic defense sys-tem, commonly known as Star Wars. The idea of a space-based version of this has gone in and out of fashion for the last 30 years, but every time this space-based concept has been looked at by technologically competent outside experts, it was deemed to be unwork-able, impossibly expensive, vulnerable to countermeasures, easy for an oppo-nent to destroy, easy to overwhelm with a small number of enemy missiles, or all of the above. This approach was judged technologically unworkable in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.074 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6503 July 27, 2017 
1983, and the status quo has not changed. In order to reach a ballistic missile during the first few minutes of flight, a large number of interceptors must be stationed in low-altitude orbit. A re-port conducted by the American Phys-ical Society in 2003 concluded that in order to ensure full coverage, a fleet of 1,000 or more orbiting satellites would be required to intercept just a single missile. To put that in perspective, the United States currently has slightly more than 600 satellites in Earth orbit, which includes commercial, scientific, and military satellites. Moreover, the amount of launch that is required to put this material into orbit in a rea-sonable amount of time would greatly exceed the current U.S. launch capa-bility. The National Academies of Sciences estimated that it would cost at least $300 billion—in 2003 dollars—for just such a limited capability. And just last year, in his testimony to the House Armed Services Committee, the former Director of the Missile Defense Author-ity, Admiral Syring, concluded the same thing. Setting aside the high cost, a space- based missile defense system has inher-ent vulnerabilities that greatly limit its effectiveness. Even with thousands of interceptors deployed, only a few would be within range to target an in-coming missile, and those could be eas-ily overwhelmed by the launch of sev-eral missiles from one location. And because interceptors must be stationed in low-altitude orbit, they are easily detected, tracked, and destroyed. Finally, there is a more fundamental question that we must ask ourselves. And that is: Is it wise to deploy weap-ons in space, especially when the re-quired technology is becoming widely available around the world? Deploying such a system would strain strategic relationships around the globe and almost certainly trigger a space arms race. There is no doubt that ensuring our Nation’s defense and national security are of paramount priority, but spend-ing hundreds of billions of dollars on a system which will not work, without having serious debate and at least some concept for how this might be re-motely practical or affordable, is inde-fensible. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair-man, the space-based missile defense layer that we debate today will be one of the most significant technological advancements in our missile defense capability since Ronald Reagan first brought this possibility to the Nation. Mr. F OSTER ’s amendment would pre-vent the next revolution in missile de-fense as we seek to expand our um-brella protection into space, the ulti-mate high ground. Mr. Speaker, the most critical pri-ority of this Congress is the defense of the Nation. If we fail that task, little else we might do will be of any con-sequence. To prohibit the development of the next generation missile defense capa-bilities because other countries will ob-ject is to grant our potential adver-saries a veto over our national secu-rity. Mr. F
OSTER ’s amendment would do just that. It should be noted that every signifi-cant missile defense milestone ever achieved by this Nation has been over the objections of gentlemen like Mr. F
OSTER and his supporters. They have been wrong about missile defense for decades, and they have a consistent record of demonstrably bad judgment on this issue. They have imposed their philosophy on the science and physics involved. Theirs is a broken record which began playing back in the 1970s. If we had listened to them, we would have no missile defense today and we would all be completely vulnerable to the likes of North Korea. The reason it was called Star Wars was because they derisively renamed Mr. Reagan’s Strategic Defense Initia-tive to Star Wars and said it was im-possible because it would be hitting a bullet with a bullet. But, Mr. Chair-man, today we not only hit a bullet with a bullet, we hit a dot on the side of a bullet with a bullet. The technology is here. We have dem-onstrated it time and time again. It is important to defeat this amendment for the sake of the Constitution, for the sake of the United States of Amer-ica. Ms. GRANGER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I join Mr. F
RANKS in his remarks, and I urge rejection of this amendment. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, can I in-quire how much time I have remain-ing? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois has 1 minute remaining. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that Ronald Reagan never illuminated the possibility of this to the American public, because the possibility never existed. What we have today is not a missile defense system. It has failed in the great majority of tests. It has been tested against a very small fraction of the countermeasures that are elemen-tary to deploy against it. I hope that no one involved in the missile defense system is telling Presi-dent Trump that we have an effective antimissile system today, because if he gambles counting on any defense from that system, he is putting our country at risk. Mr. Chairman, I yield the remaining amount of my time to the ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman yielding. I simply would want to rise in sup-port of his amendment. I would point out that in 2010, the Ballistic Missile Defense Review made no request for space-based interceptors. Currently, this is a matter under review by the Department. I think we should allow that review to be concluded before we expend moneys. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Illinois has expired. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair-man, can I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair-man, I think I would just say that the opponents to missile defense, espe-cially to space-based missile defense, have hilariously overstated the cost of this system. A regionally deployed system would cost in the range of $20 billion over 30 years, and the cost would go down, as launch costs often do. It is important to keep in mind that when two airplanes hit two buildings, it cost us $2 trillion. What would that cost have been like if it had been a nuclear warhead that hit New York? I would just suggest, Mr. Chairman, that it is important that we do all that we possibly can to make sure that that does not indeed occur. I don’t know what price we put on national security, but the systems that we are talking about, our GMD sys-tem—our Ground-based Midcourse De-fense system—was just tested against an ICBM target recently, and it was successful. We have had 14 out of 14 successful tests with our THAAD system—our Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system. The technology has been prov-en time and again. We should not undersell the United States of America. We can build the system. We will build it. It will help us get to the left of the launch. It will help us to be able to have a boost-phase defense against missiles when they are in their most vulnerable position and over enemy territory. This is vital for the American na-tional security, for our future, for our children, and for our children’s chil-dren. I would hope that we would de-feat this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.078 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6504 July 27, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. 10004. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, complete, process, or approve a public-private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would prohibit the Department of De-fense from conducting what is called new A–76 studies. I offer this amend-ment on behalf of myself, as well as Mr. C
OLE of Oklahoma, Mr. J ONES of North Carolina, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. D
ONOVAN of New York, Mr. C OOKof California, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE of Texas, Mr. L
OEBSACK of Iowa, Mr. K ILMER of Wash-ington, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. B
EYER of Virginia. These flawed A–76 studies are relying on a process that both the GAO and the inspector general of the Department of Defense determined could not dem-onstrate any savings to the American taxpayer. That is why A–76 studies have been subject to a congressional moratorium since 2010. The amendment I am offering today would continue that moratorium. The fundamental flaw inherent in the A–76 process is the erroneous under-lying methodology used to determine whether or not Federal civilian jobs would be outsourced. 2003 was the last time this process was updated. Mr. Chairman, the inspector gen-eral’s report notes that it simply fails to keep track of costs and savings. It has no anchor in reality, and incor-porates an arbitrary 12 percent over-head factor cost for Federal employees as opposed to contractors. The inspector general concluded that: ‘‘. . . multimillion-dollar deci-sions are based, in part, on a factor not supported by data . . . Unless DOD de-velops a supportable rate or an alter-native method to calculate a fair and reasonable rate, the results of future competitions will be questionable.’’ Decisions involving taxpayer money should never be based on such a faulty process, especially when American jobs are at risk as well. We are debating the appropriation of hundreds of billions of dollars, the lion’s share of our country’s discre-tionary spending. This is as it should be. We should spare no expense to pro-vide the best care for our veterans. We should not haggle over the national de-fense, but when we spend this much money, we have a responsibility to do it carefully and based on actual data. b1545 As legislators, we should exercise care to ensure that we represent the in-terests of our constituents as well as possible. A flawed process based on pseudocalculations has no basis, no place in that reputation. Ultimately, the A–76 process uses faulty, antiquated methodology to de-termine whether Federal civilian jobs should be outsourced, a matter we sim-ply cannot approach so haphazardly. Both the GAO and the inspector gen-eral of the DOD concluded the process could not demonstrate any savings for the American taxpayer. This A–76 proc-ess is outdated, antiquated, and simply not anchored in reality. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FRANKS of Arizona). The gentleman from Cali-fornia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port competition, and these competi-tions, as a whole, have been beneficial to the Department of Defense. The OMB has reported that, regard-less of whether the Federal Govern-ment or the private contractor win the competition, the act of competition alone has saved or generated a cost savings up to 10 to 40 percent—10 to 40 percent, just having the competition. This amendment would block oppor-tunities for the defense industrial base, protect the status quo within the DOD civilian workforce, prevent cost sav-ings at the DOD, and negate the nat-ural innovation that comes from com-petition. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Ms. GRANGER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. I want to thank the gentleman for his valuable contribu-tions to the Defense Subcommittee. I join him in opposition to this amend-ment that would limit the Defense De-partment’s flexibility to achieve effi-ciency and save taxpayer dollars. I urge rejection of the amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, this body owes a duty to our warfighters, a duty to the taxpayers, and a duty to the civilian workforce. Allowing these flawed A–76 studies to move forward, it really is a breach to all three groups. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, to maintain the moratorium currently in place on these A–76 studies and protect our military readiness from a process in desperate need of radical revision. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I would say we have a duty to taxpayers to perform the best we can, to give the best product to our warfighters at the best price. I urge a ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CART-
WRIGHT ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 45 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used with respect to Yemen in contraven-tion of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Yemen, into situations in Yemen where imminent involvement in hos-tilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, or into Yemeni territory, air-space, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional con-sultation and reporting requirements of sec-tions 3 and 4 of such Resolution. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to encourage my colleagues to support this amendment which simply says that none of these funds may be used in contravention of the War Powers Act in Yemen. We are involved in a critical effort to defeat enemies of our country who took action on 9/11. Al-Qaida and their affiliates have been declared enemies, an authorized force, for nearly 16 years now. And in Yemen, al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula has found sanc-tuary. Unfortunately, we also find ourselves in conflict with other enemies there. It is clear that the Houthis, who are Shia, are not affiliates of al-Qaida. In fact, they are engaged in a civil war there. Over the years, we have sold arms and munitions, built a great alliance with a good ally in Saudi Arabia, and they are involved there. An enemy of the United States, Iran, is also in-volved as supporters of the Houthis, and so it is important to maintain our relationship with our ally Saudi Ara-bia. It is important to recognize the stra-tegic, operational, and tactical threats posed by Iran and their proxies like the Houthis, but it is also important that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.080 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6505 July 27, 2017 
we restore the emphasis of Article I of our Constitution and our clear duty in Congress to authorize our Nation’s wars. So this amendment simply says nothing outside of the War Powers Act may be engaged in without further fu-ture authorization. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the gen-tleman proposes an amendment that cuts all funding for the introduction of U.S. Armed Forces in the hostilities in Yemen. U.S. Forces need the flexibility to enter any theater where terrorists target the United States. Just 2 months ago, American Special Oper-ations Forces conducted a ground raid against al-Qaida’s Yemen branch, kill-ing seven suspected militants. We consulted leadership at the De-partment of Defense regarding this amendment. The Department rec-ommends a more thorough legal review of the implications of this amendment. Further, the Joint Staff asserts that a U.S. provision of limited support to the Saudi-led coalition might be con-strued in this context as participation in civil war, in which case, removal of such support could have a damaging ef-fect on the U.S. relationship with Saudi Arabia and create further impli-cations for regional security. With Special Operations fighting ter-rorism around the globe to protect our safety, does Congress want to show its lack of support? This amendment is poorly timed and overly restrictive and has many un-foreseen complications. Therefore, the committee strongly opposes this amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. GRANGER. I yield to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentlewoman for yielding and join her in opposition; although, I must tell you I am always very re-served about opposing an amendment put forth by a Notre Dame graduate. But, in all seriousness, I would say that I do appreciate the gentleman’s concern with the devolving situation in Yemen in that we do not want to get involved in a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran. I am also in agreement with much of the intent behind the amendment and certainly agree that Congress has re-linquished much of its oversight role over Presidential decisions about send-ing U.S. Armed Forces into hostilities provided under the War Powers Act. That is why I am a strong supporter of efforts to develop a new Authorization for Use of Military Force for the global war on terror. Congress needs to, fi-nally, after 16 years, carry out its con-stitutional duty and stop hiding from this very important debate that the gentleman has raised in his amend-ment. However, I do have concerns that the gentleman’s amendment, as written, is overly broad and would place undue re-strictions on U.S. Forces within the Middle East to respond to legitimate threats within Yemen. So, again, very reluctantly, I join with the chairwoman in opposition, and I appreciate her yielding. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-spect the arguments of my colleagues in support of our national command authority. I wholeheartedly support that. In fact, I wore our Nation’s uni-form for nearly 12 years, served in Ranger Regiment, though I was not in-volved as a combat veteran. I would not want to do anything to limit our ability to fight and win the war on terror. Indeed, the sole intent of this is to keep us laser-focused where we can. Resources are scarce, and the need to focus on defeating our enemies who have already been authorized by combat to engage in combat is critical. In fact, it does alarm me to see that there is some concern that this is over-ly broad and limiting, as it is the law of the land. The War Powers Act is rec-ognized as something that does give our Commanders flexibility. It gives them 90 days to engage in combat any-where where there is a clear and present danger to the national security of the United States. That could very well happen in that region of the country. The waters are tight. The threats are real. As I said, there are strategic, operational, and tactical concerns at play. But this is nothing different than what President Eisenhower foresaw. In an enduring conflict, he said: ‘‘We face a hostile ideology global in scope, athe-istic in character, ruthless in purpose, and insidious in method. ‘‘Unhappily, the danger it poses promises to be of indefinite duration. To meet it successfully, there is called for, not so much the emotional and transitory sacrifices of crisis, but rath-er those which enable us to carry for-ward steadily, surely, and without complaint the burdens of a prolonged and complex struggle—with liberty at stake. Only thus shall we remain, de-spite every provocation, on our charted course toward permanent peace and human betterment.’’ I couldn’t say it better, so I borrowed President Eisenhower’s words. I hope we can respect our Constitu-tion, as our duty under it, the oath we have sworn to support and defend it, to limit the scope of our war to things that are Congress-authorized and not passive-aggressively through funding and cutting the checks, but through full authorization. We do not have such authorizations with respect to the Houthis, whether they are in Yemen or other Iranian proxies outside the scope of the War Powers Act. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. LAMBORN ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the finds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 478, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a very simple limitation amendment: No funds made available by this act may be used to purchase heavy water from the Islamic Republic of Iran. Why are we doing this? If you remember, the JCPOA pro-vided Iran with $150 billion in sanctions relief, even had the appalling spectacle of planes hauling in $1.7 billion in cold, hard cash, dropped off in Tehran. So this regime has been flush with money as a result of the nuclear deal done during the Obama administration. One of the frustrating things about that was that, even after that deal is enacted, even after all this money is flowing as a result of the deal, the Obama administration—this was not even required by the deal—sent mil-lions of dollars to Iran in order to get heavy water. And that was not required by the deal. That was a gratuitous transaction, but it certainly provided more economic—an even greater eco-nomic lifeline to Iran. This is still, to this day, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. They are fomenting discord all around the Middle East, in Lebanon, in Syria. They fund Hamas in the Gaza Strip. They are supporting the Houthis in Yemen. They have major control over portions of Iraq, and the Shiite militias that they back are running rampant. Remember, they were probably the leading source of U.S. servicemember deaths in Iraq during the Iraq cam-paign. They funded Shiite militias. They had their Quds Force from Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps on the ground in Iraq; and certainly, hundreds of our servicemembers, some estimates say as many as 1,500 servicemembers, were killed from some of these Iranian proxies. They have never been held ac-countable for that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.084 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6506 July 27, 2017 
b1600 Now this administration came in say-ing the Iran deal was a bad deal. They haven’t left the deal. They haven’t really done anything to fight back against the deal, and I hope that will happen. But in the meantime, I want to make sure that this administration is not repeating the mistakes of the Obama administration. No more tax-payer dollars to the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I certainly would acknowledge that Iran is up to very nefarious purposes as far as sponsoring terrorism internation-ally. I also acknowledge the gentleman referenced the previous administration more than once during his remarks as far as the issue before the House today. In 2016, last year, heavy water was purchased by the Department of En-ergy and the State Department, but I would point out this is 2017 with a dif-ferent administration, and essentially the amendment is a solution to a prob-lem that does not exist. The current administration has re-certified Iran’s compliance with the agreement twice. Iran does not have a nuclear weapon and is subject to in-tense scrutiny by the International Atomic Energy Agency. But importantly to the point raised today, I would suggest that the Depart-ment of Energy consistently has indi-cated at the time of the 2016 heavy water purchase from Iran that the United States would not be a regular buyer of Iranian heavy water. Since that purchase, the United States has not purchased any addi-tional heavy water from that country. In fact, the U.S. has, through refrain-ing from purchases of excess supply, forced Iran to ship excess heavy water abroad so that it can continue to ad-here to the agreement entered into. It seems highly unlikely that the current administration would now seek out an opportunity to purchase this heavy water. Again, I believe the gentleman has a solution to a problem that does not exist, and I am opposed to his amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I would just say, if you want money to go to purchase heavy water from Iran, then obviously you should oppose the amendment. But if you don’t think that is a good idea, then it doesn’t hurt us to have this in here, given what has happened in the past. I wish I had 100 percent confidence that we would not be repeating mis-takes. I hope that is where we go, but I have not yet seen the real robust ac-tion to turn the tide away from a deal that has put Iran on the path to a nu-clear bomb. The danger with the deal was always less that Iran would cheat on the deal. I think they probably are, but the danger is they get a bomb by keeping the deal. This is a major problem. This is one small area of this to protect the tax-payer. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, as we begin to conclude debate on H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act, I am sure I join with Ranking Member N
ITALOWEY in thanking all the Members of the House for the manner in which this debate has been conducted over the last couple of days. I thank the subcommittee chairs, the ranking members, and the Members who presented well over 120 amend-ments that were made in order. Let me reiterate why this package of appropriations bills is so important. From 2010 to 2014, defense spending was cut 21 percent in real terms. We heard that from Chairman T
HORNBERRY of the Armed Services Committee. Yet, as we know, the world did not get 21 per-cent safer. In fact, we ask more of our military than ever before, and we need to sup-port them here at home and abroad. Today—and I said this earlier in the debate—we have the oldest Air Force in history, the Navy’s fleet is smaller than it has been in decades, and the Army has just three combat brigade teams fully prepared to fight. Moreover, we have too many aircraft that can’t fly, too many ships that can-not sail, too many troops who cannot deploy. We need better equipment and training for our warfighters, and we need more of the warfighters. We need a cyber component that is really effec-tive. In April—it seems like years ago—we began to rebuild our Armed Forces with the fiscal year 2017 consolidated appropriations bill. Today, this legisla-tion we are considering continues that critical work. Mr. Chairman, this four-bill package is carefully crafted to fund our critical military priorities, reinforce our nu-clear deterrent, support veterans, make our borders more secure, and strengthen protection for our constitu-ents and for Members. Once again, I thank Chairwoman KAY G
RANGER ; Chairmen M IKE SIMPSON , C
HARLIE DENT, KEVIN YODER ; all chair-men and their ranking counterparts; and our remarkable staff for bringing us to the finish line this afternoon, ear-lier than we thought. I also thank the rest of the Members and the staff of the Appropriations Committee for their extraordinary ef-forts over the past several months. It was full speed ahead, and they per-formed in a remarkable way. I would like to note the work of our clerk Nancy Fox and her team, Jim Kulikowski, Carol Murphy, Shannon O’Keefe, Stephen Sepp, Maureen Holohan, Jennifer Hing, Marta Dehmlow Hernandez, Tammy Hughes, Rachel Kahler, David Roth. And in my personal office: Katie Hazlett. And those who work with Mrs. L
OWEY —and this may be the short list—Shalanda Young, Chris Bigelow, Adam Berg, and Becky Leggieri. May I say that I didn’t mean to leave out Chairman C
ARTER of the Homeland Security Committee for the work that he has done. My colleagues, each and every one of these bills deserves to be sent to the President’s desk. I look forward to completing our work on all 12 appro-priations bills when we return from the recess, or perhaps even before then. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in part B of House Report 115–261. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I wish we were considering bills under regular order, but I hope that in the weeks ahead we can work together to raise the budget caps and enact bipartisan bills we can all support. I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , my friend; and K
AYGRANGER , the chair; and, of course, P
ETEVISCLOSKY  for your hard work on this bill. However, this is not the regular way to proceed. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill which would waste $1.6 billion on Trump’s border wall, use fraudulent defense numbers, gut critical investments in clean en-ergy, include poison pill riders, and leave the remaining spending bills with no path forward. Mr. Chairman, as I conclude, I thank again all of the Members, all of my hardworking staff on both sides of the aisle. On this bill, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.088 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6507 July 27, 2017 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida to the end that the Chair puts the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 261 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 10 by Mr. S
UOZZI of New York. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. B
RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 38 by Mr. N
ADLER of New York. Amendment No. 43 by Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT of Pennsylvania. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . SUOZZI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 214, noes 211, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 430] AYES—214 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—211 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) NOT VOTING—8 
Cummings Fortenberry Hollingsworth Napolitano Palmer Roskam Ryan (OH) Scalise 
b1641 Messrs. POE of Texas, COLLINS of New York, M
CCARTHY, RICE of South Carolina, HARRIS, JOYCE of Ohio, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, CASTRO of Texas, KATKO, LOWENTHAL, ELLISON, BEYER, COOPER, SIMPSON, TIBERI, GENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN, Messrs. WALZ, COSTA, FLEISCHMANN, O’ROURKE, and YOUNG of Iowa changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P OEof Texas). The next amendment votes will be 2-minute votes. Members are ad-vised to stay on the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 256, noes 169, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 431] AYES—256 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.090 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6508 July 27, 2017 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOES—169 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Barr Barton Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rouzer Rutherford Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stivers Taylor Tiberi Tipton Trott Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (IA) NOT VOTING—8 
Cummings Fortenberry Hollingsworth Napolitano Palmer Roskam Ryan (OH) Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1646 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Messrs. HUNTER and RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 252, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 432] AYES—172 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—252 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.034 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6509 July 27, 2017 
Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Babin Cummings Fortenberry Hollingsworth Napolitano Palmer Roskam Ryan (OH) Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1651 Mr. SCHNEIDER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 253, noes 172, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 433] AYES—253 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—172 
Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Noem Norman Nunes Olson Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stivers Taylor Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yoder Yoho NOT VOTING—8 
Cummings Fortenberry Hollingsworth Napolitano Palmer Roskam Ryan (OH) Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia) (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1656 Ms. STEFANIK and Mr. DENHAM changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 478, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution and by House Resolu-tion 473, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.035 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6510 July 27, 2017 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Yes, I am op-posed to the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike division E. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. In last year’s election, no campaign rhetoric was more infamous than the President’s promise to ‘‘build a great, great wall on our Southern border’’ and ‘‘make Mexico pay for it.’’ The reality is the funding would come from U.S. taxpayers, not from Mexico, as the President promised. This motion to recommit strikes the $1.6 billion appropriation for construc-tion of nearly 74 miles of border wall. Beyond the initial 74 miles, we have no idea of how many miles of border wall the President plans to build or how much it will cost because we have not received the required report on the long-term plan and justification for border security investments. Even with the plan, we will need time to evaluate whether investments in the border wall are more cost effective than alternatives and more urgent than clearly established unmet needs. With $1.6 billion, we could buy two of the four heavy Coast Guard icebreakers we need to protect U.S. interests in the Arctic. This purchase would help mini-mize the danger highlighted in a Na-tional Academies of Science report, which concluded the Coast Guard re-quires four new heavy icebreakers to protect U.S interests in the Arctic, where Russia has an ever-increasing presence. The Coast Guard is ready to solicit proposals for new icebreakers in fiscal year 2018. In this bill there is no fund-ing for essential icebreakers. There is no acquisition funding for them in the Homeland Security bill. The $1.6 billion could also be used for investments in additional scanning technology in the hiring of thousands of Customs officers at every U.S. port of entry. This would reduce wait times for travelers, better facilitate the flow of commerce, and contribute to eco-nomic growth in many of our districts. It would also enhance our ability to intercept contraband and illegal nar-cotics mostly smuggled directly into the U.S. through our ports of entry, not where the wall would be built. The bill before us does not ade-quately address these and other areas of security vulnerabilities. As Members of Congress, protecting our Nation and the American public is our greatest responsibility. It is our obligation to act in their best interest and to invest their tax dollars wisely. If the only Homeland Security item in this bill remains the funding for 74 miles of border wall, we will fail to meet our obligations. Unfortunately, the President’s border wall is now a proxy for the broader im-migration debate. There is a false and misleading assumption that building a border wall will solve the immigration challenges we face. The reality is we will never be able to fix our broken im-migration system with an enforce-ment-only approach that turns a blind eye to the desperate circumstances that compels so many to make the often deadly journey to the U.S. We will never be able to address our immigration challenges by treating as criminals the millions of undocu-mented people in this country, many of whom are our neighbors and friends. For years or even decades, the vast majority have called the U.S. their home. They have paid their taxes, acted responsibly, contributed to their communities, and worked hard to pro-vide opportunity for their family. Immigration enforcement is as much a moral issue as it is a legal one. Our Statue of Liberty has always been a welcoming symbol of hope for those who, like now, are fleeing poverty, op-pression, famine, war, and violence in their home country. Many of our an-cestors come from somewhere else, often within certain legal status, and made significant contributions to help our country become the greatest in the world. Today’s immigrants continue to contribute to that noble legacy. What we truly need is comprehensive immigration reform that protects our homeland and reflects our American values. Democrats stand ready to work with Republicans to achieve that goal, but Democrats will not support the use of taxpayer dollars for an ill-conceived border wall that has more to do with a campaign promise than the security of our homeland. In spite of the President’s assur-ances, Mexico is not paying for this wall. The American taxpayer is. My motion to recommit would prevent that from happening. I urge my col-leagues to support the motion to re-commit. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the United States Sen-ate is now considering what is called a ‘‘skinny bill’’ on the Affordable Care Act. The Senators are being told that they are voting for that bill to send it over here so it can go to conference and be perfected. The Rules Committee has just met and a provision was offered to the mar-tial law, which means that we can take something up right away, that what we can take up is to go to conference. That was rejected by the Rules Com-mittee. There is a suspicion that I have—and I see the majority leader on the floor— that there may be an intent to send the bill immediately back to the Senate and have it go to the President without 72 hours of consideration, without hearings, without scoring. I would hope the majority leader could give us as-surances. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, as we gather here, nearly 250,000 men and women in uniform are deployed in nearly 177 countries in all corners of the globe. Another 2 million Active Guard and Reserve are standing watch back here at home in the United States. They are doing their jobs. We should do our jobs by providing them with ev-erything they need to complete their mission. They are trusting us to do our jobs. Defeat the motion to recommit, sup-port national security, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 193, noes 234, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 434] AYES—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.098 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6511 July 27, 2017 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—6 
Cummings Fortenberry Hollingsworth Napolitano Roskam Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 430 through No. 435 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Souzzi Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Boyle Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Nadler Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Cartwright Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Demo-cratic Motion to Recommitt H.R. 3219. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Final Passage of H.R. 3219—‘‘Make America Secure Appropria-tions Act, 2018.’’ 
f 
WOUNDED OFFICERS RECOVERY ACT OF 2017 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3298) to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to em-ployees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line- of-duty injuries, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wounded Offi-cers Recovery Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PAYMENTS FROM UNITED STATES CAP-ITOL POLICE MEMORIAL FUND FOR EMPLOYEES KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY OR SUSTAINING SERIOUS LINE-OF-DUTY INJURIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZING PAYMENTS FROM FUND.— Section 2 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1952) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ AND CERTAIN OTHER UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE EMPLOYEES’’ before the period at the end; (2) by striking ‘‘Subject to the regulations’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except to the extent used or reserved for use under subsection (b) and subject to the regulations’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
AYMENTS FOR EMPLOYEES KILLED IN  
THELINE OF DUTY OR SUSTAINING SERIOUS LINE- 
OF-DUTY INJURIES .—In addition to the amounts paid under subsection (a), and in accordance with the regulations issued under section 4(b), amounts in the Fund may be paid to— ‘‘(1) families of employees of the United States Capitol Police who were killed in the line of duty; or ‘‘(2) employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS OF CAPITOL POLICE  B
OARD .—Section 4 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1954) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Capitol Police Board’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Capitol Police Board’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS GOVERNING PAYMENTS FOR  E
MPLOYEES KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY OR  S
USTAINING SERIOUS LINE-OF-DUTY INJURIES .— In carrying out subsection (a), the Capitol Po-lice Board shall issue specific regulations gov-erning the use of the Fund for making payments to families of employees of the United States Capitol Police who were killed in the line of duty and employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries (as authorized under section 2(b)), in-cluding regulations— ‘‘(1) establishing the conditions under which the family of an employee or an employee is eli-gible to receive such a payment; ‘‘(2) providing for the amount, timing, and manner of such payments; and ‘‘(3) ensuring that any such payment is in ad-dition to, and does not otherwise affect, any other form of compensation payable to the fam-ily of an employee or the employee, including benefits for workers’ compensation under chap-ter 81 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED IN RE-
SPONSE TO INCIDENT OF JUNE14, 2017.—The sec-ond sentence of section 1 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1951) is amended by striking ‘‘deposit into the Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘deposit into the Fund, including amounts received in response to the shooting incident at the practice for the Congressional Baseball Game for Charity on June 14, 2017,’’. 
Mr. HARPER (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RUSSIAN ENERGY THREATS (Mr. BACON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the growing threat to our overseas military facili-ties posed by the Russian Federation. Today, one of the serious risks to our bases in Europe is Russia’s corner on oil and natural gas. One such facility is the Army’s new medical complex in Germany, planned to be located near Ramstein Air Base, where I was the in-stallation commander. It would be financially irresponsible and strategically reckless to spend $1 billion for a state-of-the-art hospital, only to have the design of the new fa-cility compromise the very reason it exists by relying on Russia as its pri-mary source of fuel. There are local mixed-fuel energy supply options read-ily available, and it would be inexcus-able not to make them part of the de-sign of this project. This is good strat-egy, good economics, and just plain common sense. We can’t allow ourselves to be put in a situation where Russia has the abil-ity to cut off energy to our forward bases, especially when we could have averted this tragic vulnerability ahead of time. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House and Senate to join me in ex-ercising aggressive oversight of this threat to our national security. f 
POISON PILL RIDER ON A BORDER WALL IS JUST SHAMEFUL (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, our constitu-ents sent us here to discuss our dif-ferences honestly and openly and come together to pass bipartisan legislation addressing our Nation’s most pressing issues. Every year I have been in Congress, I have voted in favor of bipartisan, clean funding bills to give our troops a pay raise and fund our military in the VA. I took those votes proudly, working with Democrats and Republicans. Today, I am outraged Republican leadership played politics with this critical funding. To include a poison pill rider that wastes $1.6 billion in tax-payer dollars on an ineffective border wall is just shameful. We all know this wall will not make us any safer. Even law enforcement officials oppose this funding. I am very disappointed GOP leaders would link President Trump’s divisive campaign rhetoric with what should unite all Americans: supporting our troops and veterans. Because of procedural trickery, de-bate was not allowed. That would have allowed a bipartisan agreement on a clean bill supporting our troops and our veterans. Shameful. 
f 
BUILD THE WALL (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, a few minutes ago, the House delivered on one of the President’s promises to in-crease security in the United States to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.039 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6513 July 27, 2017 
stop foreign infiltration into the States to protect us from terrorists possibly crossing our border. The bottom line is, Mr. Speaker, build the wall. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in re-cess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 26 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1816 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 6 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 114, DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS BONUS TRANS-PARENCY ACT Ms. CHENEY from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–262) on the resolution (H. Res. 480) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3180, INTELLIGENCE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018; WAIVING A REQUIRE-MENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSID-ERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLU-TIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 31, 2017, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 4, 2017 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–263) on the resolution (H. Res. 481) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3180) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; waiving a require-ment of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with re-spect to consideration of certain reso-lutions reported from the Committee on Rules; and providing for proceedings during the period from July 31, 2017, through September 4, 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for July 26 and for the balance of the week on account of the birth of his son, Joseph Albert Hol-lingsworth, IV. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, July 28, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2105. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regulatory Serv-ices, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Assist-ance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities and Preschool Grants for Children with Disabilities Program; Early Intervention Program for Infants and Tod-dlers with Disabilities (RIN: 1820-AB74) re-ceived July 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 2106. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of regulatory Guide — Assess-ment of the Assumption of Normality (Em-ploying Individual Observed Values) [NRC- 2017-0161] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2107. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 5 of RG 1.26 — Quality Group Classi-fications and Standards for Water-, Steam-, and Radioactive-Waste-Containing Compo-nents of Nuclear Power Plants received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2108. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 3 of RG 1.54 — Service Level I, II, III, and In-Scope License Renewal Protective Coatings Applied to Nuclear Power Plants received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2109. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of regulatory guide — Rec-ommended Practice for Dealing with Out-lying Observations [NRC-2017-0077] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2110. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 0 of RG 1.164 — Dedication of Com-mercial-Grade Items for Use in Nuclear Power Plants received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2111. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s issuance of regulatory guide 5.41 — Shipping, Receiving, and Internal Transfer of Special Nuclear Material at Fuel Cycle Facilities re-ceived July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2112. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s issuance regulatory guide — Guidance for the Application of the Theft and Diversion Design-Basis Threat for Category I Fuel Cycle Facilities [NRC-2017-0042] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2113. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s withdrawal of regulatory guide — Limit of Error Concepts and Principles of Calculation in Nuclear Materials Control [NRC-2017-0059] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2114. A letter from the Acting Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Legislative and Public Affairs, U.S. Agency for International Development, transmitting the 2017 U.S. Government report on the President’s Ma-laria Initiative; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 2115. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting the Residential Substance Abuse Treatment (RSAT) Study, pursuant to Sec. 102 of Public Law 110-199, the Second Chance Act (SCA) of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 2116. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Corps’ Encinitas-Solana Beach CSDR Project for August 2015 (revised July 2016) (H. Doc. No. 115—58); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 2117. A letter from the Chair, U.S. Inter-national Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s report titled, ‘‘The Year in Trade 2016’’, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2213(c); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 163(c) (as amended by Public Law 100-418, Sec. 1641); (102 Stat. 1271); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 480. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to re-quire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding perform-ance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs (Rept. 115–262). Referred to the House Calendar. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 481. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3180) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.107 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6514 July 27, 2017 
Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes; waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules; and providing for proceedings during the period from July 31, 2017, through Sep-tember 4, 2017 (Rept. 115–263). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BYRNE (for himself, Ms. F OXX, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. F ER-
GUSON , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. C ORREA ): H.R. 3441. A bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 3442. A bill to provide for a study and reconsideration by Congress of certain major rules, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , Miss R ICEof New York, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. E VANS , Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. H ECK, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 3443. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit wellness pro-grams, including those offered by health in-surance issuers or in connection with a group health plan, from disclosing personally identifiable information related to individ-uals’ use or non-use of contraceptives; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 3444. A bill to decrease the incidence of food waste, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Edu-cation and the Workforce, Energy and Com-merce, Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Ms. B
ASS): H.R. 3445. A bill to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of pro-grams under the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act and the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 3446. A bill to help States combat abuse of occupational licensing laws by eco-nomic incumbents, to promote competition, to encourage innovation, to protect con-sumers, and to facilitate the restoration of antitrust immunity to State occupational boards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. H AR-
PER, and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 3447. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide prescription drug plans under part D of the Medicare pro-gram with parts A and B Medicare claims data to promote the appropriate use of medi-cations and improve health outcomes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 3448. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for penalties for the unauthorized disclosure of classified infor-mation to a person not authorized to receive such information; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R USH, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 3449. A bill to require auto dealers to fix outstanding safety recalls before selling or leasing a used passenger motor vehicle; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P
OCAN , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 3450. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide protections for consumers against excessive, unjustified, or unfairly discriminatory increases in pre-mium rates; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself and Mr. V
ALADAO ): H.R. 3451. A bill to amend title III of the Public Health Service Act to expand the pro-gram for payments to teaching health cen-ters with GME programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 3452. A bill to amend section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, with respect to the treatment of a community as an urban-ized area following a major disaster; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 3453. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a standard de-duction for the trade or business expenses of artists; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 3454. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to reauthorize regional eco-nomic and infrastructure development pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. PETERSON , and Mr. C RAWFORD ): H.R. 3455. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain farming business machinery and equipment as 5-year property for purposes of depreciation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 3456. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that care packages mailed to a member of the Armed Forces by any family member shall be carried at no cost to the family member, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Ms. E
SHOO ): H.R. 3457. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct an evaluation on the extent to which the Medi-care and Medicaid programs provide reason-able accommodations to individuals who are blind or visually impaired; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S UOZZI , and Mr. V
ARGAS ): H.R. 3458. A bill to require certain semi-automatic pistols manufactured, imported, or sold by Federal firearms licensees to be capable of microstamping ammunition, and the prohibit the removal, obliteration, or al-teration of the microstamped code or micro-stamping capability of a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 3459. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain improve-ments in the transparency of the personnel vacancies and staffing levels of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. H
UDSON , Ms. F OXX, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B
UDD, Mr. M CHENRY , and Mr. M EAD-
OWS): H.R. 3460. A bill to designate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3461. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 to develop and test an ex-panded and advanced role for direct care workers who provide long-term services and supports to older individuals in efforts to co-ordinate care and improve the efficiency of service delivery; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
OSTA , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.043 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6515 July 27, 2017 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. V ARGAS ): H.R. 3462. A bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to provide that the Director of the Office of Government Ethics may be removed only for neglect of duty or malfeasance in office; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 3463. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide greater support to students with dependents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R USH, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H.R. 3464. A bill to prohibit firearms deal-ers from selling a firearm prior to the com-pletion of a background check; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. C
ARSON of Indi-ana): H.R. 3465. A bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to ensure funding for grants to promote responsible fatherhood and strengthen low-income families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, and Agri-culture, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 3466. A bill to provide support for pre- kindergarten education through an Early Education Trust Fund, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 3467. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Portal-to-Por-tal Act of 1947 to prevent wage theft and as-sist in the recovery of stolen wages, to au-thorize the Secretary of Labor to administer grants to prevent wage and hour violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 3468. A bill to provide for temporary financing of short-time compensation pro-grams; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 3469. A bill to designate the bridge lo-cated in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 3470. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify the circumstances in which a person may acquire geolocation in-formation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and Mr. E
VANS ): H.R. 3471. A bill to amend section 203(b)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to implement new reforms, and to reauthorize the EB-5 Regional Center Program, in order to promote and reform foreign capital in-vestment and job creation in communities in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 3472. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to air cargo in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Ms. M OORE , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. I SSA, and Mrs. N OEM): H.R. 3473. A bill to amend section 520E of the Public Health Service Act to require States and their designees receiving grants for development and implementation of statewide suicide early intervention and pre-vention strategies to collaborate with each Federally recognized Indian tribe, tribal or-ganization, and urban Indian organization in the State; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3474. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of an accountable and humane bor-der security strategy for the international land borders of the United States, address cultural, economic, ecological, environ-mental and humanitarian impacts of border security infrastructure, measures, and ac-tivities along the international land borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, Agriculture, Foreign Affairs, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 3475. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to permit certain vehicles to continue to operate on an Interstate System route in the State of Kentucky; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 3476. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the cover-over of rum excise tax revenue; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 3477. A bill to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation stand-ards for ceiling fan light kits to be January 21, 2020; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. E
LLISON , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD ): H.R. 3478. A bill to eliminate the discount for UHF television stations for purposes of the limitation on the aggregate national au-dience reach of television broadcast stations in which a party may have a cognizable in-terest; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HURD (for himself, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. K
ATKO ): H.R. 3479. A bill to improve border secu-rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3480. A bill to amend the GONE Act to provide for additional reports on the status of grant awards from agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3481. A bill to require the inclusion of audit information on the website required by the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 3482. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the use of telehealth under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3483. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require as a condition of the earned income tax credit that an indi-vidual be allowed to engage in employment in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. S
EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. F ASO): H.R. 3484. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, to award grants to States to implement a tick identification pilot program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 3485. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to eliminate the thresholds for reporting the identification of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JY7.100 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6516 July 27, 2017 
persons making contributions to political committees with respect to elections for Federal office; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3486. A bill to authorize the Capitol Police to enforce the immigration laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3487. A bill to amend section 1332 of title 28, United States Code, to provide that the requirement for diversity of citizenship jurisdiction is met if any one party to the case is diverse in citizenship from any one adverse party in the case; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. M CCAUL): H.R. 3488. A bill to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to encourage a victim-centered approach to combating human trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
RIST, Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. P
ALLONE ): H.R. 3489. A bill to require the publication of the name of any person pardoned by the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , and Mr. M ARINO ): H.R. 3490. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to el-igible entities to develop and implement statewide or tribal post-adoption and post- legal guardianship mental health service programs for all children who are adopted or placed in legal guardianship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, and Mr. M
ARINO ): H.R. 3491. A bill to amend part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide incen-tives for improving support services for adopted children and families; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R USH, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 3492. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand educational assist-ance to veterans who pursue certain appren-ticeship program, to establish a pilot pro-gram for veterans to pursue certification programs in computer numerically con-trolled machining, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 3493. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for local care corps programs through which qualified volunteers provide care, compan-ionship, and other services to seniors and in-dividuals in need, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 3494. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a National Care Corps, and to authorize grants for local care corps programs, through which qualified volunteers provide care, companionship, and other services to individuals in need, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. M
CEACHIN ): H.R. 3495. A bill to amend the 21st Century Cures Act to appropriate funds for the Ac-count for the State Response to the Opioid Abuse Crisis through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 3496. A bill to amend the Museum and Library Services Act to authorize grants to support the use of public libraries for com-munity economic development; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for herself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 3497. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram establishing a secure, patient-centered, portable medical records system, that would allow veterans to have access to their Per-sonal Health Information, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 3498. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to issue reports with respect to extraordinary measures, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 3499. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand personal saving and retirement savings coverage by enabling employees not covered by qualifying retire-ment plans to save for retirement through automatic IRA arrangements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, and Mrs. B
LACK ): H.R. 3500. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commis-sioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service who was involuntarily sepa-rated from service for misconduct; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 3501. A bill to establish a procedure under which certain small employers may withdraw from a multi-employer plan in con-nection with the establishment of a collec-tively bargained plan; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3502. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw guid-ance regarding disclosure related to climate change; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3503. A bill to prohibit the payment of death gratuities to the surviving heirs of de-ceased Members of Congress; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3504. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish a uniform 5-year post-employment ban on all lobbying by former Members of Congress, to establish a uniform 2-year post-employment ban on all lobbying by former officers and employees of Congress, to lower the income threshold for applying such ban to former officers and em-ployees of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3505. A bill to provide that a former Member of Congress or former senior Con-gressional employee who receives compensa-tion as a lobbyist representing a foreign principal shall not be eligible for retirement benefits or certain other Federal benefits; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3506. A bill to sunset new Federal reg-ulatory rules after 3 years, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Mr. R EED): H.R. 3507. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent and modify the energy efficient commercial buildings deduction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. D
AVIDSON ): H.R. 3508. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a small part-nership exception from certain require-ments; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida (for himself, Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. V
ELA): H.R. 3509. A bill to authorize certain citrus programs, to increase the limitations on as-sistance for the tree assistance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 3510. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to exempt members of the Armed Forces who voluntarily separate from active duty and incur a service-connected disability after being recalled to active duty from the requirement to repay voluntary separation pay; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JY7.100 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6517 July 27, 2017 
By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 3511. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a free on-line tax preparation and filing service and pro-grams that allow taxpayers to access third- party provided tax return information; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 3512. A bill to make certain countries ineligible to be designated as a beneficiary developing country for purposes of receiving preferences under the Generalized System of Preferences, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. H UNTER ): H.R. 3513. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize admission of Canadian retirees as long-term visitors for pleasure described in section 101(a)(15)(B) of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SUOZZI (for himself and Mr. Z
ELDIN ): H.R. 3514. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Wash-ington Spy Ring National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 3515. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for expensing of qualified energy efficient heating and air- conditioning property for certain taxpayers and accelerated cost recovery for such prop-erty for other taxpayers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. E
VANS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. R USH, and Ms. M OORE ): H.R. 3516. A bill to require the Internal Revenue Service to meet higher standards in security screening and to improve the proc-ess for obtaining return information and verification of nonfiling in connection with completing a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA); to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 3517. A bill to amend chapter 11 of title 35, United States Code, to require the voluntary collection of demographic infor-mation for patent applications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 3518. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 to require the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a Great Lakes basin initiative for agricultural nonpoint source pollution prevention; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 3519. A bill to increase accountability of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to require the Commission to implement a rigorous, fair, and public process for waiving bad actor disqualifications in the se-curities laws; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E VANS , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. L
EE, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. L OF-
GREN ): H.R. 3520. A bill to prohibit discrimination in public accommodations on the basis of sex, gender identity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 3521. A bill to require reimbursement for costs associated with Presidential travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 3522. A bill to improve the coordina-tion and use of geospatial data; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 3523. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a report on filing require-ments under the Universal Service Fund pro-grams; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. L
ATTA , and Mr. L OEBSACK ): H.R. 3524. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of contributions to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. ROBY: H.J. Res. 114. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States which requires (except during time of war and subject to suspension by Congress) that the total amount of money expended by the United States during any fiscal year not exceed the amount of certain revenue received by the United States during such fiscal year and not exceed 20 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States during the previous calendar year; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Mr. S
HERMAN , and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.J. Res. 115. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to clarify the presidential par-doning power; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. E
LLISON ): H. Con. Res. 74. Concurrent resolution af-firming the right of all renters to a safe, af-fordable, and decent home; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, and the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H. Res. 479. A resolution of inquiry direct-ing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax re-turn information of President Donald J. Trump as well as the tax returns of each business entity disclosed by Donald J. Trump on his Office of Government Ethics Form 278e; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself and Mr. D
UFFY ): H. Res. 482. A resolution expressing support for the designation of September 2017 as Na-tional Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. HUNTER: H. Res. 483. A resolution expressing the support of the House of Representatives for the priorities and goals of Executive Order 13443; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. LEVIN: H. Res. 484. A resolution expressing con-cern for the wellbeing of Liu Xia, and urging the Government of the People’s Republic of China to unconditionally release Liu Xia from illegal detention, cease surveillance, and allow her freedom of movement; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BYRNE: H.R. 3441. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 3442. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, granting au-thority to regulate interstate commerce, along with Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, granting authority to make all laws that are necessary and proper for executing the for-going. By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 3443. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 3444. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitu-tion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:39 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JY7.100 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6518 July 27, 2017 
By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 3445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 3446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3, ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States,’’ Article 1, Section 8, clause 18, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 3447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 3448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 3451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, US Constitution. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 3452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I (The Spending Clause)—Which states, ‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 3453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 3454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 3455. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 3456. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 3457. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 3458. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 3) By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 3459. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: H.R. 3460. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Nec-essary and Proper Clause. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3461. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 3462. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 3463. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, United States Con-stitution By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 3464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 3465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 3466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution and Amendment XVI of the Constitution By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 3467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 3468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 3469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV Section 3: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 3470. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the U.S. Constitution, and the 4th and 14th Amendments to the U.S. Constitution By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 3471. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Con-stitution. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 3472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U. S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 3475. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 3476. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18 By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 3477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 3478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necesssary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or office thereof. By Mr. HURD: H.R. 3479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:39 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.052 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6519 July 27, 2017 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3480. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3481. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 3482. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3483. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 3484. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 3485. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3486. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 4 ‘‘to establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3487. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 3, Section 2 By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 3488. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 3489. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The authority to offer this bill derives from Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the US Constitution By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 3490. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 3491. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 3492. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, line 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 3493. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 3494. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 3495. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 3496. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 provides Con-gress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’ in order to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 3497. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 3498. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 2, under the power ‘‘To borrow Money on the credit of the United States’’ and Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 3499. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, and the Six-teenth Amendment. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3500. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 3501. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3502. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3503. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause. 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3504. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3505. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3506. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 3507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 3508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Flor-ida: H.R. 3509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 3510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under: U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, cl. 12; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.059 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6520 July 27, 2017 
U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8, cl. 16; By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 3511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 3512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 3513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Consitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or officer thereof. By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 3514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Consitution in the Govenrment of the United Sates, or any Department of Officer thereof’’ By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 3515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 7 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 3516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 3517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 3518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 3519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying the execution of the fore-going powers, and all powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 3520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 3521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 3522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 3523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 3524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mrs. ROBY: H.J. Res. 114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 5: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all In-tents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitu-tion, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suf-frage in the Senate.’’ By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H.J. Res. 115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Powers and Duties of the President (Art. 2, Sec. 2, Cl. 1) Mode of Amendment (Art. 5) f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 44: Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 47: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 61: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 65: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 140: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 203: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 233: Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 303: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 351: Mr. C
RAWFORD and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 358: Mr. E
MMER and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 377: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 392: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. H URD. H.R. 398: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. K HANNA , and Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 449: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 477: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 490: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 525: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 535: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 545: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 632: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 638: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 664: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 681: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 717: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 721: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 747: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 754: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 767: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 790: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 809: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 812: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 821: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 831: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 838: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 839: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 840: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 873: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 916: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 918: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 930: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 947: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 952: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 975: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1002: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1017: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 1046: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1057: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. T AYLOR , and Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1060: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1118: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 1122: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 1142: Mrs. B
LACK and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1164: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 1185: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1205: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1216: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 1264: Mr. U
PTON and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1267: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1268: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1270: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1358: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1360: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1377: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1406: Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1445: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1456: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 1472: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 1516: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 1539: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1552: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 1555: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 1563: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1606: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1621: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1626: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 1661: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 1697: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 1699: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. K
NIGHT , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 1731: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 1744: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1778: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1795: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 1796: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1836: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1868: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1869: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 1899: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1918: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1928: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1978: Mr. C
OHEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:39 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.063 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6521 July 27, 2017 
H.R. 1980: Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1987: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2000: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 2001: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 2012: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2020: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2023: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2147: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2198: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2209: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2215: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2226: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 2276: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2282: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2299: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 2315: Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2339: Mr. S
MITH of Texas and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2358: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2368: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2401: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K
IND, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 2408: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2417: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
OHEN , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. H IGGINS  of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2418: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2422: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 2425: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 2435: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 2475: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2477: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2486: Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. J
EFFRIES , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 2495: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2519: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. D ENT, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. D AVID-
SON, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. R OYCE of Cali- fornia, Mr. R
EED, Mr. E VANS , Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 2520: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 2525: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2532: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 2553: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 2603: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 2651: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2658: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2666: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2670: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2712: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 2732: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2735: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 2740: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. R
USH, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S UOZZI , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2756: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2779: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 2806: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2821: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
IND, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2830: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2832: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 2851: Mr. P
ERRY and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . H.R. 2852: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2871: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 2890: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. B OST, and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2903: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 2908: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2911: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 2913: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2933: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2942: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 2968: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 2976: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puer- to Rico. H.R. 2989: Mr. R
USH, Mr. D ENT, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2991: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3026: Mr. P
ANETTA and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3032: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. F ASO, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3055: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3056: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3089: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 3117: Mr. B
YRNE , Ms. C HENEY , and Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 3124: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3127: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3128: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3129: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 3139: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3186: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 3197: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. C
OHEN , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 3204: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3227: Mr. C
LAY, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3236: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3239: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3249: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3252: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Mr. E VANS . H.R. 3269: Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 3271: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 3272: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. J ONES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R USH, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 3273: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 3274: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. B OST, Mr. B ACON , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. R
USH, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. E MMER , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. H
ILL, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3282: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. O LSON , Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 3285: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3311: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3314: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 3316: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3325: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. C OOK, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3326: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3327: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3329: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3332: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. R
USH, and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3347: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3361: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3380: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3397: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3401: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3407: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3408: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3416: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3419: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 3431: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.J. Res. 31: Mr. E
VANS . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. W
ALBERG . H. Con. Res. 10: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H. Con. Res. 27: Ms. P
INGREE . H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. R
USH. H. Res. 12: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 30: Mr. L
AMBORN . H. Res. 128: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H. Res. 161: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 188: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 274: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H. Res. 279: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 311: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina. H. Res. 344: Mr. K
ATKO . H. Res. 357: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. T AYLOR . H. Res. 359: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 395: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. L
IPINSKI . H. Res. 401: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 402: Ms. K
APTUR . H. Res. 445: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H. Res. 467: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 477: Mr. L
ABRADOR . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. ROE OF TENNESSEE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Rules in the Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute to S. 114, as amended, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.046 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4349 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 27, 2017 No. 127 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Spirit of God, descend on our hearts. For apart from You, we live our lives in vain. May our Senators walk in Your ways, keeping Your precepts with such integrity that they will never be ashamed. Lord, incline their hearts to Your wisdom, providing them with the understanding they need to accomplish Your purposes in our world. Let Your mercy protect them from the dangers of this life, as they learn to find delight in Your guidance. Keep them ever mindful of the fewness of their days and the greatness of their work. Re-move from them any bitterness or re-sentment that corrodes their peace. Deliver them from the tyranny of tri-fles, as they strive to accomplish Your work on Earth. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The majority leader is rec-ognized. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, Americans have been hurting under ObamaCare. Senators took a big step toward moving beyond its failures with the motion-to-proceed vote earlier this week. It allowed the Senate to proceed with this important debate. It allowed the Senate to work through an open amendment process. Senators have considered proposals already, including some procedural mo-tions from across the aisle. Senators will have the opportunity to consider many, many more amendments to-night. I know that colleagues in both parties are eager to do so. I encourage Senators with healthcare ideas—whether Republicans, Demo-crats, or Independents—to bring their amendments to the floor. We have heard many different ideas on healthcare in recent months. Not every idea, of course, is a good one. One idea from the Democratic leader is simply to throw money at insurance companies—no reforms, no changes, just a multimillion-dollar bandaid. Another idea from many other Demo-crats is to quadruple down on ObamaCare with a government-run sin-gle-payer system. It is called single payer because there is one payer, or in-surer, the government. Nearly every healthcare decision would be directed by a Federal bureaucrat. Taxes could go up astronomically. The total cost could add up to $32 trillion, according to an estimate of a leading proposal. We will vote on single payer this afternoon, and we will find out what support it enjoys in the Senate—espe-cially on the other side of the aisle. We all know this is likely to be a very long night. It is part of a long process that has taken a lot of hard work from a lot of dedicated colleagues already. One phase of that process will end when the Senate concludes voting this week, but it will not signal the end of our work—not yet. Ultimately, the goal is to send legislation from Con-gress to the President—legislation that can finally move us beyond ObamaCare’s years of failures. The President is ready to sign legis-lation. Congress will keep working to pass it because we know the American people deserve better than ObamaCare. They deserve better than ObamaCare and its skyrocketing costs. They de-serve better than ObamaCare and its plummeting choices. They deserve bet-ter than the job-killing regulations, crushing mandates, and collapsing markets ObamaCare has given them. We all know this. We all know that the ObamaCare status quo hasn’t been working for the people we represent. We have known it for literally years. Many of us committed to voting for a better way on healthcare. That is what every Senator who supported the mo-tion to proceed voted for on Tuesday. Let’s finish our work. Let’s not allow this opportunity to slip by. We have made important progress already. We can build on it now. The moment before us is one many of us have waited for and talked about for a very long time. It is a moment that can’t come soon enough for the people we represent. I urge everyone to keep working hard so we can get this over the finish line. It is what our constitu-ents and our country deserve. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1628, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.000 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4350 July 27, 2017 
A bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
Pending: 
McConnell amendment No. 267, of a per-fecting nature. McConnell (for Daines) modified amend-ment No. 340 (to amendment No. 267), to pro-vide for comprehensive health insurance cov-erage for all United States residents, im-proved healthcare delivery. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 2:15 p.m. will be equally divided between the leaders or their designee. If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I spent many years of my life in Navy air-planes. I am a retired Navy captain. Senator A
LEXANDER said something the other day about the fact that a pilot doesn’t start up and take off in an air-plane unless he or she knows what the destination is. I thought that was pret-ty interesting. It is true. With respect to healthcare in this country, we have actually known for a long time what the destination is, and the destination is a combination of three things: better healthcare cov-erage for less money—and cover every-one. That is really our destination. It is not just the destination this year in this Congress; it has been our destina-tion really since Harry Truman was President. For some years, we have argued and disagreed about how to get to the des-tination. I don’t think anyone would argue about the need to get to that destination, but the question is how. In 1993—I mentioned yesterday in my remarks on the floor—Hillary Clinton was a brandnew First Lady and worked on something called HillaryCare. In re-sponse, Republicans came up with something that really has its roots and origin from the Heritage Foundation. They had more of a market-based ap-proach, which called for every State having their own exchange, where peo-ple without coverage could get healthcare coverage. There would be a sliding scale tax credit that would help buy down the cost of premiums for folks who got the coverage in their State’s exchange. Low-income people got a bigger tax credit. Higher income people had a smaller tax credit that would eventually fade away. The third piece of the Republican al-ternative to HillaryCare was the idea of an individual mandate, which basi-cally said that everybody has to get coverage. If you don’t, we can’t make you, but you have to pay a fine. Over time the fine would go up. The fourth piece of the Republican proposal in 1993 was that employers of a certain size with a certain number of employees would have to make sure they provided coverage for their em-ployees. I don’t remember a lot of spec-ificity of what that coverage would in-clude, but if they had quite a few em-ployees, they would have to provide coverage for them, make it available. The last piece was the idea that health insurance companies would say at that time: If you have a preexisting condition, sorry, we are just not going to cover you. The Republican proposal said: That is verboten. You can’t do that, insurance companies. So that was their idea that was intro-duced here. There were, I think, about 23 cosponsors, led by John Chafee, who was a former marine, former Governor of Rhode Island, U.S. Senator, and highly regarded. The legislation he in-troduced in 1993 had 20, 22 cosponsors, I think, including some people who are still here—Senator HATCH , Senator G
RASSLEY , and a number of others. That idea became RomneyCare. In 2006, Governor Romney sought to cover everybody in the State of Massa-chusetts before running for President. It was a pretty good idea. It was such a good idea that when we worked on the Affordable Care Act, that idea was one of the major principles, one of the major pillars of the Affordable Care Act. Now—I said this yesterday—Barack Obama gets credit for coming up with that approach to provide healthcare. He is a smart guy, but that wasn’t his deal. He didn’t come up with that. I didn’t come up with that. Governor Romney didn’t come up with that. I don’t think Senator John Chafee, be-loved Senator from Rhode Island—nei-ther he nor Senator H
ATCH nor Senator G
RASSLEY came up with that. I think it was an idea from the Heritage Founda-tion. It is probably heresy, as a Demo-crat, to say this, but it was a good idea. It was a good idea in 1993. It was a good idea in 2006 in Massachusetts, and it was a good idea when we folded it into the Affordable Care Act as one of the major pillars. I want to go back and revisit 2009 just for a little bit. There are those who be-lieve that there was no bipartisan in-volvement and the ACA was just hustled through without a lot of thought or debate. As it turns out, I think we spent 80 days all total in the U.S. Senate in that Congress in 2009, debating the bill in committees—the two committees of jurisdiction. I served then and I serve now on the Fi-nance Committee. We spent a heck of a lot of time in debates and markups where people had a chance to offer amendments, debate them. The Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee spent a lot of time that year, 2009, similarly in bipartisan hearings, with bipartisan amendments, debate. All totaled, I believe, over 300 amend-ments were offered in Senate commit-tees of jurisdiction, and I am told that 160 amendments offered by Republican Senators were adopted and made part of the legislation. I know our Republican colleagues be-lieve that they were shut out of the process, but I think a closer review of that process in history would suggest that just wasn’t so. Was it a perfect process? No. Could it have been better? Sure. You can always do things better. But it was a process that we went through in order to address this con-cern. In 2008, during that year’s election, one of the things I learned was that we were spending in this country, as a per-centage of GDP for healthcare, 18 per-cent of GDP. I have a friend who, when I ask him how he is doing, says: Com-pared to what? I would just say: Well, what were the Japanese spending in 2008 as a percent-age of GDP for healthcare? It was 8 percent. Think about that. Well, maybe we got better results; maybe people live longer in this country or we have lower rates of infant mortality than the Japanese. No, it is not true. They got better results. They spent half as much, and they got better results. Well, maybe a lot of people in that country didn’t have coverage and we covered everyone. Actually, just the opposite is true. They covered every-one. We had 40 million people who went to bed in 2008 without any healthcare coverage, and for a lot of them, access to healthcare coverage was the emer-gency room of a hospital. As you all know, as we know, when people get sick enough, they will get care in this country. It may not be cost-effective care. It may be expensive care because it is not just an emer-gency room visit. In many instances, it is the admission to the hospital and a stay that could last for days or even weeks. We do have some idea how much it costs to stay in the hospital. It is hugely expensive. Eventually, people would get healthcare coverage or healthcare attention, but a lot of times it costs an arm and a leg, literally and figuratively. So the question was, could we do better than that? What we came up with is a multi-faceted approach, which includes that Heritage Foundation idea of the ex-changes where people didn’t have ac-cess to coverage. And the focus would be not just on spending money on peo-ple when they were sick, but to save us—not to have so much a sick care system, but to have a healthcare deliv-ery system that focuses more on help-ing people to stay healthy and well, with a much bigger focus on prevention and wellness and frankly a focus on, for example, making sure people, when they reach the age of 50, get a colonoscopy and they don’t have to pay a whole lot of money to get it because it would be part of their health insur-ance coverage. I have a friend whose mom died sev-eral years ago. My friend and I work out at the YMCA in Wilmington from time to time. She just turned 50, and I said: Well, how old are your parents? My friend is really fit, and I said: How old are your parents now? She said: They are both deceased. I said: Really? What happened? She said: My mom died of colon can-cer a number of years ago. I said: Didn’t she get the colon screening—the colorectal screening and all? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.001 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4351 July 27, 2017 
She said: No, no, no. She didn’t like that, didn’t want to do that. It costs a lot of money, and so she just didn’t do it. We have other people who, over the years, have not had prostate screenings for prostate cancer, and we have had people who didn’t have breast cancer screenings because, in some cases, it is unpleasant and, in some cases, just be-cause it can cost a lot of money, and a lot of that was out of pocket, so people would forego that. We have changed that. We want people to get the screenings and to be able to get those screenings and find out and make sure that they are not going to get sick and cost a lot of money. My friend’s mother was sick for many months. I can’t imagine how much it cost—and all that for maybe a $1,000 colorectal screening that was not taken. We don’t do that stuff in this country much anymore. We actually offer the screenings. They are free. With our focus on wellness and prevention and things like annual physicals, we want to catch problems when they are small. One of the reasons healthcare cov-erage in Japan—as a Naval flight offi-cer, I flew a lot of missions in and out of Japan during the Vietnam war, and one of the things I learned about Japan is that, one, the people are very slen-der. In this country, about one-third of our people now are obese or on their way to being obese. Obesity is a great precursor, which says that this person is going to have healthcare problems and costly healthcare problems. There are a lot of people in this country who still smoke—not as many as before— but that is another predictor of people on whom we are going to have to spend a whole lot of money. The other thing that caught my eye in Japan was the access to primary healthcare close to where people live. In almost every neighborhood of any consequence, people had access to a clinic where they could go for a check-up, for a physical to catch problems when they are small and to address them when they are small. As we looked around the world at things that were working, that would seem to be something that worked, we tried to make sure that was part of our ap-proach in the Affordable Care Act. Another thing we found that worked is, in some countries and literally here in this country—the Mayo Clinic, the Cleveland Clinic, and places like that— one of the secrets of their success, bet-ter results for less money, is the idea of coordinating the delivery of healthcare—coordinating the delivery of healthcare. My mom, now deceased, lived until she was 82. She had dementia. She had arthritis. She had congestive heart failure. She had any number of ail-ments. My dad had passed away several years earlier. She lived near Clear-water, FL. We had people—my sister had people living with her to take care of her until later in her life. At one time, my mom was seeing five or six doctors. They were prescribing a total of 15 medicines for her. I remember we had in her home something that looked like a fishing tackle box—my dad’s fishing tackle box. You may have seen one of these. If you open it up, it has all these medicines in it to take before breakfast, with breakfast, after break-fast, before lunch, all the way to bed-time, and they are all set up and ar-ranged. Fifteen different medicines she was taking from five or six doctors who never talked to each other. Nobody had any idea what was being prescribed for my mom. Nobody was coordinating that care. That is foolish. I know a lot of those medicines probably interacted badly with each other and hastened my mom’s decline and death. The focus we had on the Affordable Care Act, with coordinated delivery of healthcare among different doctors and different specialties and with hospitals, nursing homes, federally qualified com-munity health centers, and the VA, we do a much better job at coordinating delivery of healthcare. In Delaware, we just don’t have elec-tronic health records for healthcare— we have those all over the country now. One thing that came out of the Affordable Care Act was we put the pedal to the metal and said we want a whole lot more electronic health records being used that talk to each other for coordinated delivery of healthcare—better care. Delaware took it a step further. In Delaware, we have something called the Delaware Infor-mation Network, which I signed into law, authorizing it in my last term as Governor. I had no idea really what the potential was of what we were doing, but with some help from the Federal Government, we have now just a ter-rific utility, a terrific mechanism to help us take this idea of coordinating delivery of healthcare and put it on steroids and further improve the qual-ity of healthcare. I have been approaching this day with real concern. I am an optimistic guy. I am a glass half-full guy, but I have been troubled a lot more than not. I went home last night and my wife met me at the door and she said: You don’t seem yourself. I said: I am troubled, and she said she was too. She had been watching too much TV. There are a lot of concerning things going on in this city, at the White House, and even in this building. We are at our best when we work to-gether. We Democrats didn’t create So-cial Security by ourselves. The GI bill—I was a beneficiary of the GI bill at the end of the Vietnam war, and so was my father at the end of World War II. There have been good ideas like Medicare. Democrats didn’t create them by themselves, Republicans didn’t create them by themselves. We worked together to create those land-mark pieces of legislation and pro-grams that all of us would agree are good for this Nation and good for our people. When you are dealing with a subject that involves maybe everybody in the country and perhaps one-sixth of our population, this is one we ought to do together. We ought to do this together. J
OHNMCCAINand I served during the Vietnam war. We came to the House of Representatives together, and we worked on normalizing relations with Vietnam. He was a Senator with John Kerry, and I was a House Member with a bunch of my colleagues over there. J
OHNMCCAINstood right over here a couple days ago. We were all happy to see him back. We welcomed him back because we need him and his leader-ship. He said a number of times during his remarks that what we need is reg-ular order. I guess people who might have been watching on C–SPAN are wondering what is regular order. We have a new crop of pages here. Let me just say to our pages who are rising juniors and coming from States all over America and actually do a great job of helping make sure this place doesn’t get too messed up in more ways than one, regular order is when people have a good idea, whether it is in healthcare, defense, or agri-culture, and actually take their good idea and introduce legislation. I try to introduce legislation most times with bipartisan support. I have learned you get better results in the end if you do that. The idea of regular order is intro-ducing legislation that reflects and ad-dresses a need or an issue. That bill is introduced here in this Chamber. It is assigned by the Parliamentarian to the committee of jurisdiction. The sponsor or sponsors of the bill go see the chair of the committee where the bill is as-signed and ask for a hearing. If they convince the chair of the committee it is a good bill, with a good idea, then there is a good chance they will have a hearing. At that hearing will be wit-nesses—expert witnesses, stakeholders. Those witnesses will say: I like this about that bill or I see a problem with that bill, and there are changes that should be made to the bill. In some cases, we invite the Congressional Budget Office, sometimes Senators or House Members to come in and testify as well. On an issue that is this important, we need regular order because what-ever the Republican ideas are—and hopefully we will find out what their ideas are today—we need to check the tires, take the time to find out what is good about it and what is not and fix it in committee, where Democrats and Republicans can offer amendments, de-bate them. That would be done in the Finance Committee and also in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee. That is what we ought to do. If we take that approach, we will end up with a better final result; rather than being a country that looks at other countries around the world, asking: Why does Japan get better results than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.003 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4352 July 27, 2017 
we do, spending half as much money and they can cover everybody—why is that? I am proud of much of what we do in this country with respect to healthcare; in many ways, we are on the right track, but as I said, in every-thing I do, I know I can do better. We can sure do a better job on healthcare. Last thought. I see we have been joined by the Democratic leader, and I will say a few words before yielding the floor. I was fortunate enough to visit Tanzania with my wife. We met our sons over there two summers ago. After going to a seminar, we went out across the country, had a chance to just see an amazing—for those who have never been there, and I never spent much time in Africa, it was an incredible experience, all the life and animals and nature and it was beau-tiful and incredibly exciting. One of the many things I learned there was this proverb, and it goes something like this: African proverb: If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together. If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together. We need to hit the pause button. We need to fix the exchanges in every State to stabilize the exchanges. There are three easy ways to do it: make clear that the individual mandate is going to be maintained or replaced by something that is at least as effective; a doctor reinsurance program that will help stabilize the program, much as re-insurance was used as a mechanism to stabilize and make successful the Medi-care Part D Program; and, finally, we should make clear that the cost-shar-ing arrangements we have, the sub-sidies that help reduce the costs, the copays and deductibles for people get-ting their coverage in the exchanges, just make it clear they are not going to go away. The insurance companies tell us, if we would do those three things—secure the individual mandate or something as good as the individual mandate, reinsurance, and address the cost-sharing arrangements, that they are not going away—if we do those three things, they tell us the cost of premiums across the country would drop by as much as 25 percent to 35 per-cent. Think about that. What you would have is the insurance companies not fearing they are going to lose their shirts because of not having a pool of people they can insure. They are fear-ful of having a pool of people to insure in the exchanges that are sick, crip-pled, and there are not a lot of young, healthy people who create a mix that can actually, effectively and predict-ably, be insured by insurance compa-nies. The great thing about reducing premiums by 25 to 35 percent in the ex-changes is this. People who get the coverage in the exchanges benefit. They save money. Do you know who else saves money? Uncle Sam, because we are paying a significant amount of support to help make sure the exchanges envisioned all those years ago by the Heritage Foun-dation—to make sure they work. That sounds like a pretty good step: hit the pause button; stabilize the ex-changes; make sure we have coverage for people in every State through the exchanges in every county and bring down the premiums by 25 percent to 35 percent; provide certainty and predict-ability for the insurance companies. With that predictability and certainty, we have more competition. The insur-ance companies get into the game, and they say we are going to offer policies as well. After we have done that, let’s pivot and address, as Democrats and Repub-licans working together, fixing those parts of the Affordable Care Act that need to be fixed and preserve the parts that need to be preserved. Let’s do that together. With that, I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader is recognized. 
THANKING THE SENIOR SENATOR FROM  
DELAWARE  
Mr. SCHUMER. First, let me thank my colleague, the senior Senator from Delaware, not only for his remarks but for his constant, conscientious concern about this country in just about every area. Whenever he speaks, he has a great deal of thought behind it because he is always thinking. My guess is, he is thinking while he sleeps at night. He has so many thoughts. It also comes from a good soul and a good heart be-cause he really cares about making this country better and is working to-gether in a bipartisan way to do that whenever he can. I thank my colleague. Mr. President, it is likely, at some point today, we will finally see the ma-jority leader’s final healthcare bill, the bill he intends to either pass or fail. Thus far, we have been going through a pretense, defeating Republican bills that never had enough support even within their own caucus to pass. Re-peal and replace has failed. Repeal without replace has failed. Now we are waiting to see what the majority lead-er intends for the Republican plan on healthcare. If the reports in the media are true, the majority leader will offer a skinny repeal as his final proposal. As I mentioned last night, Democrats will offer no further motions or amend-ments until we see this skinny bill, but make no mistake, once we do see the bill, we will begin preparing amend-ments. In the event the bill fails, we can move directly to the NDAA, and out of deference to my dear friend Sen-ator M
CCAIN, we will work to move that piece of legislation quickly. If the skinny bill passes, remember, Democrats have an unlimited right, after it passes, to offer an unlimited amount of amendments. Now, many of my colleagues have many amendments on healthcare. They have just been waiting to see the final bill Leader M
CCONNELL will bring to the floor. I want to put my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on notice, my Demo-cratic and Republican colleagues, that they should prepare for numerous Democratic amendments if the skinny bill passes. With the skinny bill pass-ing—I hope it doesn’t, but if it does—it will not be the last vote. There will be many more after that to change it and to modify it. I want everyone to under-stand that. I also want everyone in this body to understand the consequences of the skinny repeal. We Democrats asked the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice to score the skinny repeal based on the four or five provisions of the bill that seem to be what the majority leader is considering: get rid of the in-dividual mandate, get rid of the busi-ness mandate, get rid of the Cadillac tax, get rid of the tax on medical de-vices, and get rid of some of—I believe they considered getting rid of some of the essential healthcare provisions as well. Even if the bill is slightly dif-ferent from the one we asked to be scored, the score will be pretty much the same. To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who are thinking of voting for this skinny bill, listen to what the CBO said, which is nonpartisan and headed by a Republican whom Senator MCCON-
NELL and Speaker R YAN agreed to ap-point. The Congressional Budget Office said that a skinny repeal would cause 16 million Americans to lose insurance, and millions of Americans would pay 20 percent more for their premiums start-ing next year. Premiums would go up 20 percent—not 3 years from now but in January—according to the CBO. Let me repeat that. A skinny repeal means 16 million fewer Americans with insurance and premiums up 20 percent next year and will stay there. It is not that they go down later, as in one of these CBO esti-mates of one of the other Republican bills. They stay there, getting higher every year, with people paying more and more. The premiums will go up im-mediately, as early as January 1, as I mentioned—not 3 years forward but on January 1. One of the promises our Re-publican friends have made over and over is to bring down premiums, but a skinny repeal would break that prom-ise, and the American people would see it in just 5 months. Yesterday, a bipartisan group of Gov-ernors sent a letter that urges us away from a skinny repeal—these are the Governors, bipartisan—warning that it would ‘‘accelerate health plans leaving the individual market, increase pre-miums, and result in fewer Americans having access to coverage.’’ Republican Governors Sandoval and Kasich and a few other Republican Governors were on that letter. Now, the argument from the Repub-lican leadership is for Republicans to vote for this bill because they made a campaign promise to repeal and re-place the Affordable Care Act. Yet I ask my Republican friends: Did you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.004 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4353 July 27, 2017 
promise the American people that you would raise premiums on everyone? I didn’t hear that in the promises. That is what a skinny repeal does. Did you promise the American people that you would take healthcare away from tens of millions? I didn’t hear that. That is what the skinny bill does. No, the Republicans not only prom-ised to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but they promised to replace it with something better. I do not know why, but, somehow, the first promise is more important than the second. The skinny plan manages to anger every-one—conservatives, who know it is a surrender and know it does not come close to the full repeal they promised, and moderates, who know that it will be terrible for their constituents. Is this the one plan that finally unites the Republican Senate—a plan that angers everyone—conservatives, moderates, and, perhaps, most of all, the American people? I cannot believe that, and I hope it would not. If the Republicans pass such a dev-astating plan, either one of two things could happen. The House could simply take up the skinny bill repeal, making all of those terrible possibilities a re-ality—premiums would go up in Janu-ary, and insurance markets would col-lapse. In fact, if the House passed this skinny bill, our entire healthcare sys-tem could well implode. Everyone who voted for it, regardless of motivation, will regret it. Or they could take it to conference, which is a pathway to full repeal. In conference, the Freedom Caucus will demand a full repeal—or something close to it—with all of the associated cuts to Medicaid and tax breaks for the wealthy, which so many here in the Senate have labored months to undo. So this thing is turning into a game of hot potato. The House passed a bill that they do not like. They had to hurry it up. They had to do it twice and pass the hot potato to the Senate. Senator M
CCONNELL is juggling that hot potato. He cannot get the repeal, and he cannot get repeal and replace. So he comes up with this plan that no one likes, but they say: OK, we can send the hot potato back to the House. How many more months is this going to go on, when we could be sitting down, in a bipartisan way, as my good friend from Arizona has recommended, and work together in the committee process? In the gym this morning, I saw L
AMAR ALEXANDER , the head of the HELP Committee. We see each other just about every morning in the gym. I was wearing, I think, my Syracuse T- shirt, and he was wearing his Ten-nessee Volunteers T-shirt. I said to L
AMAR : If this skinny bill goes down, as it should—and I spoke to P
ATTY MURRAY , our ranking member— we will sit down and work in a bipar-tisan way to improve ObamaCare. We know that ObamaCare needs some work. We do not deny that. Let’s do it in a bipartisan way instead of passing this hot potato back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and not get-ting anything done. While our leaders are passing this hot potato, insurers will be setting their rates for 2018. That means that insurers will lock in rates for the next year with this massive uncertainty hanging over their heads, leading to huge rate increases or decisions to pull out of markets. A skinny repeal as a way to get to conference is a recipe for dis-aster. Beyond that, it is a shameful way of legislating. My Republican friends should listen to the wonderful speech that the man whom we admire gave—JOHNMCCAIN— when he came back. We should be working in a bipartisan way. My Re-publican friends, you should not be passing a bill that you do not support or believe in, that you pray will not be-come law. If you believe that this bill should become law, vote yes, but if you do not believe that the bill should be-come law, you vote no—plain and sim-ple. Then we can resume in the Finance Committee and in the HELP Com-mittee a bipartisan process of making the present healthcare system better, which needs to be done. You do not vote to advance terrible legislation and hope that it will magi-cally get better in conference. Let’s not forget that, months ago, many House Republicans justified their vot-ing for their nightmare bill because they thought that it would get better in the Senate. It has not gotten any better. In fact, it has only gotten worse, and a conference will be no dif-ferent. Voting yes on a bill that you do not support just to get it to conference is an unserious way of legislating, par-ticularly on this issue, but that is, so far, what the Republican leader is doing. There may be no better example than the amendment offered by Senator D
AINES , which favors Medicare for all. I cannot believe that this is happening, because all of the Republicans are going to vote against it. It is just pure cynicism, pure politics, and is not a se-rious effort to legislate and make things better when people need help. Senator D
AINES does not support the bill. He just wants to get Democrats on the record. The majority leader has made pending an amendment that both he and the author of the amendment will oppose, and that is the very defini-tion of a political game. We Democrats are not going to go along, because this is not a game. This is not a joke. It is not hot potato. We are talking about people’s lives. We do not have time for phony amendments or phony bills. You do not play games with the healthcare of the American people. As I said, anyone who listened to the eloquent words of my dear friend from Arizona should blush at this process. His was a clarion call that both sides of the aisle can do better. He criticized his side for being partisan, and he criti-cized our side for being partisan. He is right on both counts. We all can do bet-ter. Let’s start. The Daines amendment does not do that. That is for sure. The only answer is to start over together, to work together through regular order, and to get some legislation that we can all live with. RUSSIA SANCTIONS  
Mr. President, I have one other point, on Russia sanctions. It is apropos. I didn’t know, when we read all of this stuff, that my good friend from Arizona would be here. Even as we debate other items on the floor, we should not delay this legislation on the Russia sanctions any longer. Last night, the chairman of the For-eign Relations Committee here in the Senate said that he was ready to move the package quickly. That is what Sen-ator C
ORKER said, and I am glad he did. I will work with the majority leader to send this legislation to the President’s desk before the recess. We have already cleared this legislation on the Demo-cratic side. We are prepared to move it by unanimous consent at any time. I hope the White House signs this. This morning, the White House Com-munications Director said that Presi-dent Trump may veto the legislation so that he could make a tougher deal with Russia than could Congress. The idea that the President would veto this leg-islation in order to toughen it up is laughable. I am a New Yorker, too, and I know bull when I hear it. If the Presi-dent vetoes this bill, the American peo-ple will know that he is being soft on Putin, that he is giving a free pass to a foreign adversary who violated the sanctity of our democracy by meddling in our election and who seeks to under-mine democracy and American life in any way he can. I hope and expect, if the President decides to use the first veto of his Presidency on this bill, that Congress will swiftly override it. I see my friend here, the majority leader. I appreciate his work on mak-ing this Russia sanctions bill happen and being available. I hope that we will get the House bill to the President’s desk, and I hope the President signs it. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to vitiating the quorum call? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NDAA  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I will just clarify, the Republican leader and the chair of the Armed Services Com-mittee want to discuss NDAA. They will not make any motion to move to it. I have no problem with them dis-cussing it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, while the Democratic leader is still on the floor, I just wanted to mention that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.006 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4354 July 27, 2017 
understand his concern about the healthcare issue and the amendments and the process for moving forward and the necessity for doing so. I made my views very clear; I won’t repeat that el-oquent speech I made. I would just like to say to my friend from New York that we do have a bill that passed through the committee 27 to 0—not a single person against it—after many days of debate, amendments, discus-sion, including a couple hundred amendments that were disposed of in the tradition of the Armed Services Committee. I believe it is in everybody’s interest to go ahead and take up the Defense bill so that we can go to conference and resolve other issues, such as sequestration, et cetera. I understand the frustration my friend from New York feels, but where I have a disagreement with my friend from New York is saying that these two issues are inseparable. I believe that our obligation to the men and women in the military is transcendent. I understand the frustration of the Senator from New York. I was here when, with 60 votes, the bill was rammed through over Republican ob-jections without a single amendment. I understand his frustration. What the majority leader and I are asking for is just that tomorrow we take up the NDAA bill. We can get it done in a few hours. We can send it to conference, take care of the equipment, training, all of the things the men and women who are serving in the military need. By the way, I understand the emo-tion on the other side. I felt the same emotion on this side some years ago, and I haven’t forgotten it yet. So I would hope—and I know the Senator from New York has to discuss with his conference this issue of the Defense au-thorization bill. I would remind him and all of my colleagues that for 53 years now, we have passed and had the President of the United States sign the Defense authorization bill. That is a precedent that I really hope we do not break, because of our obligation to the men and women who are serving in the military. I know the Senator from New York feels exactly the same way. I am not impugning the integrity of the Senator from New York. I just ask that we consider it. I know the Senator from New York has to go back to his conference. I hope they all will con-sider it. Let me just finally say, I note, for ex-ample, the Senator from Virginia here on the floor, who has been a vital part of the—no, not the other one; not him. Both have been vital members of the Armed Services Committee. Yes, we have our disputes. Yes, we have our ar-guments. Yes, we are spirited. But we come out unanimously in favor of tak-ing care of the men and women in the military. I hope the Senator from New York will consider this. Mr. SCHUMER. Will my colleague from Arizona yield so that I can answer him before the majority leader speaks? Mr. M CCAIN. Yes. Mr. SCHUMER. First, I wish to ex-press our respect for the Senator from Arizona. My dear friendship—really love for the man is unbounded. I am repeating in my head, as many of us have, the speech our friend from Arizona gave when he came back, and we were all so joyous that he did. He talked about going to regular order. He talked about working in a bipartisan way. He talked about doing this healthcare bill the right way—with hearings, with debate, with amend-ment. Even I accepted his chastisement that we passed a partisan bill. He knows the record shows I didn’t want to do that. But we did have debate and amendments. We had a process where six people—three from each party— spent 6 months trying to come to an agreement. They did not. But I must say the reason that we must ask unanimous consent to go to the bill is because we are in reconcili-ation—the very process that has pre-vented us from debating, from having hearings, from having some kind of bi-partisan input. I would say to my col-league, if you want to get rid of this reconciliation, fine. Let’s recommit the bill to committee and start on a fair process, and we can go to NDAA immediately—in an hour—if we were to do that. The reason we can’t do that is our dear friend the majority leader is in-sisting on the reconciliation process. And you can’t say—we can’t, because we feel defense is important and we feel the healthcare of tens of millions of Americans is equally important. And we can’t say you can turn on and turn off the reconciliation process when you want to and when you don’t. What is good for the goose is good for the gan-der. If reconciliation is poor and prevents NDAA from coming up immediately, it is equally poor—maybe more so—when it comes to healthcare. So my plea and suggestion: Let’s not go forward with this bill. We don’t even know what it is yet. Let’s go back to committee. I spoke to Senator A
LEXANDER , I spoke to Senator M
URRAY this morn-ing. If this bill fails, they will go back and try to negotiate bipartisan im-provements—just as my good friend from Arizona recommended when he came back and gave his moving speech. But my caucus—I have spoken to a few—feel very strongly that this proc-ess on healthcare has been awful, and it is because of reconciliation, and now reconciliation has put NDAA in a bind as well. Let’s get rid of reconciliation, and we can do what the Senator from Arizona wants and what I think the American people want—a fair process. I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, reclaim-ing my time. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my remarks count against leader time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I don’t want to continue; our leader has im-portant words to say. All I can say to the Senator from New York is, this is not the same. Defending the Nation is our first priority. That is what our Declaration of Independence says. That is the basis for all of our roles here. There are men and women who are in harm’s way today, whose lives are in danger, who need this legislation in order to be better equipped and better able to defend themselves and this Na-tion. I am asking for a few hours because, as my two colleagues over there will state, we passed this bill 27 to 0 through the Armed Services Com-mittee. We fight. We argue. We insult. But the fact is, we come out with a product that we are proud of, and then all of us have support. So all I am asking of the Senator from New York is if we could go off of this for a few hours, because we have basically an agreement on amend-ments, and get this thing to the Presi-dent’s desk so that he can protect and defend this Nation. That is all I am asking. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I would simply say once more to my col-league briefly— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. We can do both. We can do both. It is very simple. It is just what my dear friend from Arizona asked about 2 days ago: regular order on both. We can have both. You can’t ask—it is unfair, in my judgment—and I have great respect—to ask for one and then continue to tie our hands on reconciliation on healthcare. I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, very quickly, that is equating these two issues at the same level of concern. I would argue that defending this Nation and the men and women who are serv-ing it is our first priority. I don’t wish to debate the Senator from New York. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this is becoming overly complicated. The chairman of the Armed Services Com-mittee and I are talking about what comes next after we finish the healthcare debate. As we discussed in my office a few moments ago, the chairman would like to turn to NDAA next. Healthcare, whether our friends on the other side like it or not, will come to a conclusion here at some point. The issue is what comes next. As the chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee has pointed out, this is a totally separate issue and, as he pointed out, a bill that came out of his committee 27 to 0. As we all know, he is available to manage that bill this week. What I am saying to our colleagues on both sides of the aisle is when we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.008 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4355 July 27, 2017 
finish healthcare either the way I would like to finish it or the way our Democratic friends would like to finish it, we are going to try to turn to NDAA and accommodate the chairman’s schedule and give him an opportunity to finish that bill while he is here. That is the issue. So I hope we will be able to work our way toward that when we finish healthcare. I will ask unanimous con-sent—not now, but I will be asking for unanimous consent to turn to the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, last Wednesday at the White House, President Trump invited Republican Senators there, and he recommended to us that we repeal and replace ObamaCare at the same time, simulta-neously. He said that before in his interview on ‘‘60 Minutes’’ in Janu-ary—we should repeal and replace ObamaCare simultaneously, which means, to me, at the same time. That is one reason I voted yes on Tuesday for us to proceed to the House of Representatives’ bill, because it would replace and repeal ObamaCare at the same time. That is one reason I voted on Tuesday for the Senate healthcare bill, which would have re-placed and repealed ObamaCare at the same time. I agree with the President— we should replace and repeal ObamaCare at the same time. The House voted to do that, the President recommended we do it, and I agree we should repeal and replace at the same time. Why would I say it needs to be done at the same time? There was a time in the past where we might have just re-pealed it and said: In 2 years, we may come up with an answer. But we can’t do that now. Conditions have changed in Tennessee. Our State insurance com-missioner, Julie McPeak, says our indi-vidual insurance market is ‘‘very near collapse.’’ That means that up to 350,000 individuals in our State—song-writers, workers, farmers—who buy their insurance on the individual mar-ket are sitting there worrying in July and in August whether they will have any option to buy insurance in 2018. So I don’t think we can wait 2 years to repeal and replace ObamaCare, which is why I voted twice on Tuesday to do it now and why I voted against an amendment yesterday that said: Re-peal it now and replace it in 2 years, if you can. I don’t think Tennesseans would be very comfortable canceling insurance for 22 million Americans now and saying: Trust Congress to find a re-placement in 2 years. Pilots like to know where they are going to land when they take off, and so should we. We are proceeding ahead with our de-bate on the healthcare bill. It may be a little convoluted for people watching from the outside, but it is fairly straightforward. The House of Rep-resentatives has gone through a series of processes in committees and votes, and it passed a bill to repeal and re-place ObamaCare now, to do both now. The Senate has been working for 6 months not just to repeal ObamaCare but to repeal and replace it now. There is some urgency about this. We have millions of Americans who are worrying they may not be able to buy insurance in 2018. That is a very per-sonal worry for millions of Americans. They want us to address it now, not 2 years from now. How do we do that? Well, later today we will have an opportunity to vote for a bill which will take us to the place called a conference committee with the House of Representatives, where we can get a solution to our goal of repeal-ing and replacing ObamaCare now. It is being called a skinny bill because it won’t have much in it. It is not a solu-tion to the Affordable Care Act prob-lems, but it is a solution to how we get to a place where we can write the solu-tion to the Affordable Care Act prob-lems. And it is wide open. For those who want to watch late into the night or early into the morning, we are here. We will be offering amendments. Peo-ple can see that. When we move to the conference committee with the House of Representatives, historically those deliberations have been open. People can watch that. They can see that. That will take place over the next sev-eral weeks. After the conference committee agrees—if it does—on a bill to repeal and replace major parts of the Afford-able Care Act now, not in 2 years, then it goes back to the House and back to the Senate for debate and approval on an up-or-down vote. That is the process. I want to make it clear to the American people that in-sofar as I am concerned, I am not inter-ested in telling you we are going to re-peal something now, and trust us— trust the Congress—to come up with some answer in 2 years. I don’t want to say that to the American people. What I do want to say is, we have major problems with the Affordable Care Act. We can’t repeal all of it in the budget process, but the House of Representatives showed we can make major changes and major improve-ments, and the Senate bill, which I voted for on Tuesday, to repeal and re-place ObamaCare, shows that we can make major changes and major im-provements. I am convinced that if we can move this process to a conference committee today, between the House of Represent-atives and the United States Senate— which is part of our regular proce-dure—we will be able to agree on a way to improve the Affordable Care Act. What that means is that we will repeal major parts of it, and we will replace those parts with parts that work bet-ter, parts that give Americans more choices of insurance, that give 350,000 Tennesseans in the individual market some peace of mind to know they will actually be able to buy insurance next year, whereas if we don’t act, many of them won’t be able to, just like mil-lions of Americans may not be able to. If we do not act, there will be coun-ties in the United States where some of the most vulnerable Americans will have zero insurance options in 2018, no support to buy insurance, and if they don’t get a subsidy from the Federal Government, a hard-working American who might be earning $50,000 or $60,000 a year—no Federal subsidy—that per-son will have insurance so expensive, with such high deductibles, they won’t be able to buy insurance either. So I think we are on a path toward a solution, and the solution means, No. 1, that we move the debate out of the Senate this afternoon on to the con-ference committee and that our goal when we get there is to repeal major parts of ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, and replace those parts with provisions that transfer responsibil-ities to the States to make decisions that give consumers more choices of health insurance at lower costs. That is a noble goal, one we are pursuing, and one in which I hope we succeed. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, life is at its core a series of votes. We forget the mundane choices: what we wore to work or what we had for lunch last week. We remember the momentous choices, however: taking a new job or starting a family. My colleagues in this Chamber on both sides of the aisle are here because they chose to answer the call of public service, and folks in our States chose us to represent them. Week in and week out, we choose how we will vote in committees, on the floor, on nomi-nees, as well as on legislation. We choose to cooperate when we find con-sensus, and we choose to resist when we don’t. We cast hundreds of votes every Congress, year in and year out. Some are memorable, and some are not. One of the most memorable choices of my career in public service was vot-ing for the Affordable Care Act—a bill that, while imperfect, I knew would lit-erally save thousands of lives and help millions of Americans afford the health insurance they need. In the months and years since, I have heard countless sto-ries from Michiganders whose lives were changed for the better as a result of this law. A few weeks ago, I shared the story of a fellow Michigander named Stefanie. Stefanie is from Livonia and worked her entire adult life in the re-tail and restaurant industry. Stefanie had never been offered health coverage by her previous employers but was able to purchase a plan because of the Af-fordable Care Act. In December 2015, Stefanie’s third- floor apartment caught fire, and an un-thinkable choice was forced on her: Stay and die in the fire, or leap from a third-floor window in order to save her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.009 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4356 July 27, 2017 
life. Stefanie chose to jump. She sus-tained serious injuries, including a bro-ken back and a shattered foot. Her total treatment costs came close to $700,000—an amount which would sure-ly bankrupt nearly all Americans if they did not have health insurance. Be-cause of the Affordable Care Act, Stefanie was able to receive treatment for her injuries and have a second shot at life. Last week, Stefanie traveled to Washington, DC, and I had the honor of meeting with her in my office. Her family, friends, and others in the com-munity had actually pulled together funds to send her here to Washington, DC, so she could share her story with me and with others in Congress first-hand. I can’t imagine how painful it is for Stefanie to relive this trauma, but she chooses to share because she wants others to have access to the same care she had. Any mother, father, sister, son, or daughter could someday face an unex-pected emergency, just like Stefanie. Nobody chooses to get sick, and nobody should be denied health insurance when they need it. Having health coverage afforded Stefanie a new lease on life. Instead of filing for bankruptcy due to her med-ical bills, Stefanie now plans to go back to school and become a paralegal. Stefanie and others just like her—like you and me—deserve to know that when we get sick or when we get hurt, we still have a shot at life. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle face a very difficult choice of their own. They can choose to do what is politically expedient by passing leg-islation tonight to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act. This would cause millions more Americans to go without insurance, create chaos in our insur-ance markets, and risk skyrocketing premiums. But my Republican col-leagues can still do the right thing: Vote no on whatever flawed bill they finally put forward tonight, start over, work across the aisle in a bipartisan manner, keep what works, and let’s fix what doesn’t work. I urge my Republican colleagues to think about people like Stefanie who will be hurt by repealing the Affordable Care Act. I urge them to choose to work with us on a bipartisan healthcare plan that helps people by lowering premiums while expanding ac-cess to care. I urge my colleagues to stop this partisan process that is sure to hurt people and choose a path that improves healthcare for all Americans. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. Mr. President, I wish to withhold my suggestion of an absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no one yields time, time will be charged equal-ly to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me begin by taking a moment to kind of summarize for the American people where we are in this enormous discus-sion which is causing a great deal of anxiety all over Vermont and all over America. Several months ago, the Republican- led House passed by, I believe, three votes legislation that would throw 23 million Americans off of the health in-surance they currently have—23 mil-lion Americans, men, women, and chil-dren, people who are struggling with cancer, heart disease, diabetes, and with other life-threatening illnesses. They would simply be thrown off of the health insurance they have. That legislation also cut Medicaid by $800 billion over a 10-year period. That means children with disabilities in Alaska or Vermont who are now on Medicaid might no longer be able to get the help they need in order to sur-vive or to live a dignified life. At a time when Medicaid provides two- thirds of the funding for nursing homes all over this country, it means that if the Republican legislation were to suc-ceed, we don’t know, but thousands and thousands of people all over this coun-try with Alzheimer’s, with terrible ill-nesses, who are now in nursing homes would be thrown out of their nursing homes. Where would they go? Nobody really knows. When you cut Medicaid by $800 billion and Medicaid funds two-thirds of nursing home care, needless to say, people in nursing homes would be forced to leave, to go—nobody knows where. Right now in my State of Vermont and across this country, we are dealing with a massive heroin and opioid crisis. Every day, people are dying from her-oin, opioid overdoses. It turns out that Medicaid is the major source of funding in terms of treating heroin and opioid addiction. If you make massive cuts to Med-icaid, the impact in States like Vermont, West Virginia, Kentucky— States that are struggling with opioid and heroin addiction—would be horren-dous. People would no longer be able to get the treatment they need. I recall, during the campaign, Donald Trump said that he was a champion of working families; he was going to stand up for workers, take on the es-tablishment. If the Republican House bill were to be passed, older workers— people who are 60, 62 years of age— would see, in many cases, at least a doubling of the premiums they pay. In many cases, they would go from $4,000 a year today to over $8,000 a year. That is not being a champion or a friend of the working class. My Republican friends, and you hear them even today, talk about freedom, choice. They love choice. They love freedom. People in America should have the right to get healthcare any-place they want. It should be a right to have any insurance policy they want. Two and a half million women have made a choice. The choice they have made is they want to get quality healthcare through Planned Parent-hood. If the Republican bill in the House were to pass, those 2.5 million women would be denied their choice. You have a Republican bill in the House that throws 23 million people off of health insurance. How many of those people will die? My Republican friends get very nervous when I raise that issue because they say—and I under-stand it—nobody here wants to see anyone die unnecessarily. No Repub-lican does, no Democrat, no American does. According to study after study, in-cluding studies done at the Harvard School of Public Health, when you throw 23 million people off of health in-surance—people with cancer, people with heart disease, people with diabe-tes, people with life-threatening ill-nesses—what do you think will happen? What these studies show is that thou-sands and thousands of Americans every year will die unnecessarily be-cause they will not have the treatment they need to deal with their life-threat-ening illnesses. That is the reality. That is not B
ERNIE SANDERS talking. That is study after study. PolitiFact backed that up. They looked at all of the studies. They said: Yes, thousands of people will die. That is the result. In the House bill, after you throw 23 million people off of health insurance, raise deductibles, defund Planned Par-enthood, after you make older people pay more for healthcare, $800 billion in cuts to Medicaid, what else is in the bill? Oh, there are some people who will do well in the bill—not the children, not the elderly, not the sick, not the poor. But there are some people—and we have to acknowledge that—who would do well under the Republican bill; that is, if you are in the top 1 percent. Con-gratulations. Republican legislation, after throwing disabled children off of healthcare, congratulations—you are going to get a massive tax break. Who in America believes that it makes sense to throw disabled children off of health insurance and tell people with cancer that they can’t continue to get the treatment they need in order to get $300 billion in tax breaks for the top 1 percent and hundreds of billions more in tax breaks for insurance com-panies and drug companies? Do you know what? My Republican colleagues may think that is a good idea. That is not what the American people believe. The latest poll that I saw, the USA Today poll, had 12 per-cent of the American people thinking that was a good idea. I can only believe those 12 percent had not really looked at this issue. There is massive opposi-tion from Republicans, Democrats, and Independents to this absurd Republican proposal. It is not just the American people who think that it is absurd to give tax breaks to the rich and throw 23 million Americans off their health insurance. It is not just the American people. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.011 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4357 July 27, 2017 
those people who are most engaged in healthcare in America—the people who know the most. It is important to understand that throughout this process, whether in the House or in the Senate, virtually every major healthcare organization in America—the people who treat us every single day are opposed to this Republican legislation. One might think that maybe my Re-publican colleagues would say: Well, wait a second. What is going on when those in the American Medical Asso-ciation—our doctors, the people who treat us—think this legislation is a mistake? Doctors say no. The Amer-ican Hospital Association says no be-cause they understand that when you make massive cuts to Medicaid, rural hospitals in Vermont and all over this country may go under. Then what hap-pens to a rural community that no longer has its hospital? The American Hospital Association is opposed to this legislation. The American Cancer Society is opposed to this legislation. They know what its impact will be for folks who are strug-gling with cancer. The American Heart Association, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Psychiatric Association, the Federa-tion of American Hospitals, the Catho-lic Health Association, the American Lung Association, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the March of Dimes, the National MS Society, and the Amer-ican Nurses Association—one might think, when virtually every major na-tional healthcare organization in this country is opposed to legislation, that maybe, just maybe, my Republican col-leagues might think twice about going forward. In this process, they have not had the opportunity, amazingly enough, to hear from doctors, to hear from hos-pital administrations, to hear from pa-tient advocates. As you well know, de-spite the fact that we are dealing with an issue that impacts every single American—which is what healthcare does—an issue that impacts one-sixth of the American economy, over $3 tril-lion a year, there has not been one hearing, one public hearing on this bill. This bill has been written behind closed doors. Senator M
CCAINthe other day made that point. How do you deal with one-sixth of the economy and their desire to trans-form the American healthcare system without listening to one doctor, with-out listening to one hospital adminis-tration, writing a bill with a few Re-publican Senators behind closed doors? This is an unprecedented and disas-trous process for healthcare. On those grounds alone, what every Member of this Senate should agree to—and Sen-ator M
CCAINmade this point; this proc-ess has been awful. Kill it now. Go back to what is called regular process, reg-ular order. Go back to the committee and start this discussion. Please do not throw 22, 23 million people off of health insurance without hearing from doc-tors, patient advocates, hospital ad-ministrators. No, that is not where the Republicans are today. They want to rush this through behind closed doors and get a quick vote on it. Interestingly enough, as I understand it, Senator DAINES of Montana today is going to introduce legislation for a Medicare-for-all healthcare system. That is very interesting. I hope this is really a breakthrough on the part of my Republican colleagues. I very much hope they finally recognize that maybe the United States of America should join every other major country on Earth in guaranteeing healthcare to all people as a right and not a privilege. I hope that when Senator D
AINES  comes down here, he will say: No, it does not make sense to throw 23 mil-lion more people off of healthcare, but, in fact, we have to move forward, do what Canada does, what Germany does, what the UK does, what France does, what every major country on Earth does, and guarantee healthcare to all people as a right. I hope very much that is what Senator D
AINES will be saying. Do you know what? I kind of think that is not what he will be saying. I kind of think that in the midst of this discussion in which millions of Ameri-cans are wondering whether they are going to continue to have healthcare, what is going to happen to their kids, what is going to happen to their par-ents, I suspect what Senator D
AINES is doing is nothing more than an old po-litical trick: trying to embarrass Democrats. Will they support the Medi-care-for-all bill introduced by Con-gressman J
OHNCONYERS ? At a time when we are engaged in a very serious debate about the future of healthcare, I think this is not a time for political games. If Senator D
AINES  is serious about a Medicare-for-all pro-posal, let’s work together, but now is not the time for political games. Senator D
AINES , as I understand it, is going to offer an amendment, but we don’t know what he is amending be-cause we don’t even know what is in the legislation the Republicans will bring forward. How do you amend something when we don’t even have a base bill to amend? This is, I suspect—I hope I am wrong. I hope Senator D
AINES has seen the light, but I suspect not, and I sus-pect it is just a political game. I do hope, by the way, at some point within this debate, if we can—if not, certainly in the near future—to, in fact, be intro-ducing a Medicare-for-all single-payer program. It will be somewhat different than my friend J
OHN CONYERS ’ bill in the House, but what it will do is say that in America, if you are rich or if you are poor, if you are a man, woman, and child, yes, you are entitled to healthcare as a human right and not a privilege. As you may or may not know, our current healthcare system is the most expensive, bureaucratic, and wasteful system in the entire world. While the healthcare industry makes hundreds of billions of dollars a year in profits— and in many ways what our healthcare system is about is not providing qual-ity care to all of us but seeing how the insurance companies and the drug com-panies can rip us off. The truth is, even today, we have some 28 million people who have no health insurance so our goal should be to say to those 28 mil-lion: We are going to provide health in-surance to you, to all Americans, and not throw 22, 23 million more people off of health insurance. All of us recognize that the Afford-able Care Act is far from perfect. What the American people want us to do— and poll after poll suggests this—is they want us to improve the Affordable Care Act, not destroy it. The American people are paying deductibles that in many instances are far too high, keep-ing people from going to the doctor when they need to. Today, copayments are much too high; premiums, much too high. I do find it interesting that when Donald Trump campaigned for President, he talked about the high cost of prescription drugs. He is right. In this country—and I am going to get into that in a moment—we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for pre-scription drugs. That is what the American people want us to deal with in healthcare legislation, not throw 22 million people off of healthcare. They want us to lower the cost of prescrip-tion drugs. I have not heard one word from the Republicans about the need to lower the cost of prescription drugs. The United States spends far more per capita on healthcare than any major country on Earth. We often have worse outcomes. If we go back to reg-ular order, if we go back to committee process—which is what we should do— the very first question a Member of the Senate should ask is, How does it hap-pen that here in America we spend far more per capita on healthcare than do the people of any other country? Here is the chart. The United States is spending $9,990 per person on healthcare, almost $10,000 per person on healthcare. What do they spend in Germany? Well, they spend $5,300, al-most half of what we spend. What about Canada? I live 50 miles away from the Canadian border. It is a really nice country. They spend $4,533. How does it happen that we are spending more than double per person compared to the Canadians and almost double what the Germans do? The French spend less than half of what we do. Australians spend less than half of what we do. The Japanese spend less than half. The UK spends about 40 per-cent less. Don’t you think the very first ques-tion a Member of the Senate might ask is, Why do we spend so much compared to other countries? By the way, all of these other countries guarantee healthcare to all of their people. In many instances, the outcomes, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.012 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4358 July 27, 2017 
health outcomes in those countries, are better than our country. They live longer. The life expectancy is longer. Their infant mortality rate is lower. In some particular diseases, they do bet-ter in treating their people. Here is a simple truth. The truth is, if we took a hard look at countries around the world—all of which have one form or another of national healthcare pro-grams, all of which said healthcare is a right, whether you are rich or you are poor—maybe we might want to learn something, but, no, we have not had one hearing in order to discuss why we spend twice as much per capita on healthcare and why we pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. You know why we haven’t had any hearings on that, fellow Americans? Because it might get the insurance companies a little bit nervous. Insur-ance companies pour hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in campaign contribu-tions into the political process. The pharmaceutical industry spends a huge amount of money on campaign con-tributions and lobbying efforts. I say to my colleagues in the Senate, maybe, just maybe, we might want to stand up for working people and the middle class rather than for the owners of the insurance companies and the pharmaceutical industry. It is interesting. One never knows what to expect from the President. Every given day there is another ad-venture out there, but a couple of months ago, the President met with, I believe, the Australian Prime Minister. That was in May. President Trump said during that meeting: Australia has a ‘‘better healthcare’’ system than the United States. That is what Donald Trump said. To my Republican friends here who support President Trump, lis-ten to what he said. On this one in-stance—he is not right very often—but I will confess on this issue, he is right. In Australia, everyone is guaranteed healthcare as a right. Australia has a universal healthcare program called, ironically, Medicare, that provides all Australians with affordable, accessible, and high-quality healthcare. While the United States has the most expensive, bureaucratic, wasteful, and ineffective healthcare system in the world, Aus-tralia, it turns out, has one of the most efficient. President Trump was right. In 2014, Australia’s healthcare system ranked sixth out of 55 countries in efficiency. The United States ranked 44. Not only does Australia guarantee universal healthcare coverage, it spends less than half what we spend on healthcare per capita. In 2015, they spent $4,500 while we spent almost $10,000. While the Australian Government spent 9 percent of its GDP on healthcare, the United States spent nearly double that, 17 percent. Further, many healthcare services are far cheaper in Australia. An MRI costs about $350 in Australia versus $1,100 in the United States. One day in a hospital costs about $1,300 in Australia versus $4,300 in the United States. An appendectomy costs about $5,200 in Australia versus roughly $14,000 in the United States, et cetera. Not only does Australia guarantee universal healthcare, spend less on healthcare per capita, and pay less than we do for many health services, they have better health outcomes. In 2014, the average life expectancy in Australia was 82.4 years compared to 78.8 years in the United States. They live longer in Australia. For context, according to a 2014 report from the World Health Organization, Australian men have the third longest life expect-ancy and Australian women have the seventh longest life expectancy in the world. The United States doesn’t even crack the top 10 for life expectancy, de-spite spending so much more than any other country on healthcare. What all of this comes down to is the fact that America is the wealthiest country in the history of the world. The question we have to ask our-selves—and I hope Senator D
AINES will address that question as he introduces his Medicare-for-all bill—is how does it happen that in Canada, every man, woman, and child is guaranteed healthcare? The same is true in the UK, in Germany, France, Australia, Japan, and every other major country on Earth. How does it happen that every industrialized country under-stands that healthcare is a right of all people, because all of us get sick? All of us have accidents, not just the rich. How does every major country on Earth say healthcare is a right except the United States? How is it today we have 28 million without any health in-surance—more who have high deductibles and high copayments, who are underinsured—and the response of our Republican friends is to say: Twen-ty-eight million uninsured? That is not enough. Let’s throw another 22 million people off of health insurance. Our response should be to move for-ward and guarantee healthcare to all people, not throw another 22 million people off of health insurance. I don’t have the time to go into great detail as to why our wasteful and bureaucratic healthcare system ends up spending al-most twice as much per capita as sys-tems around the world. That is a sub-ject for a lot of discussion, and I intend to play an active role in that discus-sion, but let me just give you some ex-amples: because we have such a bureau-cratic and complicated system; because hospitals in America have to deal with this person who has a $5,000 deductible, that person who has an $8,000 deduct-ible; this person who has this, that per-son has that—they have to deal with dozens and dozens of different configu-rations for insurance. It requires an enormous amount of time, energy, and manpower to deal with those myriad of insurance companies. The result of that is, the United States spends far more on hospital administrative costs than most other countries. These costs accounted for one-quarter of total U.S. hospital spending from 2010 to 2011, more than $200 billion—over twice what was spent in Canada and in Scot-land. What I would hope—if we don’t sit around just worrying about the profits of the insurance companies—what I would hope is, all of us would agree that when we spend a dollar on healthcare, we want that dollar to go to doctors, to nurses, to medicine. We want that dollar to go to the provision of healthcare, not to advertising, not to profiteering, not to dividends, not to outlandish CEO insurance company salaries but to the actual provision of healthcare which keeps us well. Yet we do that worse than any other major country on Earth. The large health insurance and drug companies are making hundreds of bil-lions of dollars in profits every single year, and they are rewarding their ex-ecutives with outrageous compensation packages. Once again, the function of healthcare, in my mind, is to provide quality care to all in a cost-effective way, not to make CEOs of insurance companies and drug companies even richer than they are today. In 2015, the top 58 health insurance companies made $24 billion in profits. Should the function of healthcare in America be to allow insurance compa-nies to make huge profits or should we make sure all of our people get quality healthcare? Not only do the insurance companies make huge profits, but their CEOs make outlandish salaries, while 28 million Americans have no health insurance at all, and others have very high deductibles. In 2015, Aetna’s CEO made $17.2 million in compensation. Now, Aetna, like every other insurance company, spends half their life trying to tell people they are not covered for what they thought they were covered, but they do manage to find $17 million in salary compensation for their CEO. CIGNA’s CEO made $17.3 million in compensation. UnitedHealth Group’s CEO made $14.5 million in compensa-tion. Anthem/Wellpoint’s CEO made $13.6 million. Humana’s CEO made $10.3 million. Is the function of healthcare in America to make CEOs of insurance companies outlandishly wealthy, or is it to provide healthcare to all people? It is not just the insurance compa-nies. If you ask people in my State of Vermont what their major concern is— and I think they would say the same in Iowa and probably any State in Amer-ica—they would say: I am sick and tired of being ripped off by the drug companies. I go into my pharmacy, have a medicine I have been using for 10 years, and suddenly the price has doubled, tripled, for no particular rea-son other than the pharmaceutical in-dustry could get away with it. We are the only major country on Earth not to control the prices of the pharmaceutical industry. The result is—and this is an outrage, and it speaks to everything that should be discussed but which is not being dis-cussed in the Republican bill—is that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.014 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4359 July 27, 2017 
today, one out of five patients under the age of 65 who gets a prescription from their doctor is unable to afford that prescription. How crazy is that? What kind of dysfunctional healthcare system allows somebody to go to a doc-tor because they are sick, the doctor writes a prescription, and one out of five Americans can’t even afford to fill that prescription. What happens to that person? Well, the likelihood is they get even sicker, and then they end up in the emergency room at out-rageous costs or, maybe even worse, they end up in the hospital. How crazy is that? I have not heard one word—not one word—from our Republicans about ad-dressing the absurdity of Americans paying by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. I have a chart over here that just deals with half a dozen drugs, but we can list many, many more. Lantus, a diabetes drug, costs $186 in the United States. Diabetes is a very serious problem. Lantus costs $186 in the United States and $47 in France. It is the same drug. This is a healthcare reform debate. I have yet to hear one Republican raise that issue, but I think the people in Iowa and the people in Vermont want us to raise that issue. Crestor, a popular drug for high cho-lesterol, costs $86 in the United States and $29 in Japan. Advair, which is used to treat asth-ma—another very serious problem— costs $155 in our country and $38 in Germany. The list goes on and on and on. That is why millions of people, by the way, are now buying their medicine in Can-ada and other countries, because they are sick and tired of being ripped off by the pharmaceutical industry—an in-dustry that spends billions of dollars over a period of time on lobbyists here and campaign contributions. You might think—just might—that when we deal with healthcare reform, one Republican—just one—might stand up and say: Well, you know, maybe we might want to stand with the elderly and the sick in this country and not just with the pharmaceutical industry. I have not heard one Republican in this debate talk about that issue. To give an example of the greed of the pharmaceutical industry—and I can go on and on. They are the greediest, maybe with the exception of Wall Street. It is hard to determine which one of these institutions is more greedy, but the pharmaceutical indus-try certainly can make a claim for being the greediest industry in this country. Out in California a few months ago, there was an effort to lower the cost of prescription drugs in their State. It is called proposition 61. The big drug companies spent $131 mil-lion to defeat that ballot initiative— $131 million to defeat a ballot initia-tive in California that would have low-ered the cost of prescription drugs. And all over this country, the American people cannot afford the medicine they need, but the drug companies had $131 million to spend just on one initiative. Meanwhile, while the American peo-ple are getting sicker and sicker and sometimes dying because they cannot afford the medications they need, I have received—and I think every Mem-ber of the Senate has received—com-munications from oncologists, people who are dealing with patients who have cancer, who are saying: My patients cannot afford the high cost of cancer medicine. And it is not just cancer, of course. While the American people are get-ting ripped off by the drug companies, in 2015 the five largest drug companies in America made over $50 billion in profits—five companies, $50 billion in profits. Yet one-fifth of the American people cannot afford to buy the pre-scriptions they need. How outrageous is that? And my Republican colleagues are telling us they are dealing with healthcare reform without mentioning one word about the high cost of pre-scription drugs. Give me a break. You are dealing with many things, but you are not dealing with healthcare reform. Again, it is not just the pharma-ceutical companies that are making huge profits; we are seeing executives from these large drug companies mak-ing outrageous compensation. In fact, in 2015, the top 10 pharmaceutical in-dustry CEOs made $327 million in total compensation. Elderly people walking to the drugstore can’t afford the pre-scription drugs they need, and yet CEOs of major drug companies are making $327 million in total compensa-tion. Former CEO of Gilead, John Martin, became a billionaire because his drug company charged $1,000 a pill for Sovaldi, a hepatitis C drug that costs $1 to manufacture and can be bought in India today for just $4. In this country, it sold for $1,000 a pill, and he became a billionaire as a result of it. That is a healthcare system out of control. I know it is a radical idea here in the Senate, but maybe—just maybe—we might want to represent the American people and not the CEOs of the drug companies and the insurance compa-nies. Some of my Republican colleagues have been spending the last few days using words like ‘‘freedom,’’ ‘‘choice,’’ and ‘‘opportunity’’ to try to convince the American people about their abys-mal healthcare legislation. This is the same language that rightwing ideologues, like the billionaire Koch brothers, use when they try to dis-credit government programs and move to privatize them. What the Koch brothers mean by ‘‘freedom’’ is their own freedom. And by the way, they are the second wealthiest family in Amer-ica, worth some $80 billion. What they mean by ‘‘freedom’’ is their own free-dom to profit off the misery of ordi-nary Americans who rely on a wide va-riety of government programs that make life bearable and, in some cases, even possible. I want to say a word about freedom. This is a 203-foot yacht. This is a yacht owned by a billionaire that costs about $90 million to purchase. Like every-body else, I think, in this Chamber, I think the American people—every American should have the freedom to purchase this $90 million yacht, and I would urge all Americans to go on the internet, find out where the yacht stores are—wherever they sell yachts— and go out there and say: Hey, I got the freedom to buy this $90 million yacht. We all believe in that. You got the money; you buy it. Here is a picture of a home, and this home is worth tens and tens of millions of dollars. It looks to me like it has 30 or 40 or 50 rooms, probably 5, 10 bath-rooms. It is a very nice house, and it is owned by a billionaire. You know, I think every American who wants to own a home worth tens and tens of millions of dollars, go to your local Realtor. You go out and you buy that home. What we are talking about today in terms of freedom is not freedom to buy a yacht or freedom to buy a mansion; we are talking about the freedom to stay alive, the freedom to be able to go to the doctor when you are sick, the freedom not to go bankrupt if you end up in the hospital with a serious dis-ease. So when my Republican friends talk about freedom of choice, fine, we all agree: You got the money, you go out and buy any big house you want or buy any big yacht you want. But where there is a serious disagreement is, we say that the children of this country who have serious illnesses have the freedom to stay alive even if their par-ents do not have a lot of money; that older people who are now in nursing homes should have the freedom to get dignified care in a nursing home even if they have Alzheimer’s and even if they don’t have a lot of money. Healthcare is not another commodity. Healthcare is not a mansion. Healthcare is not a yacht. Healthcare is whether we stay alive or whether we don’t, whether we ease our suffering or whether we don’t. And I believe—unlike, unfortunately, many of my Republicans—that right to get healthcare when you need it is something every American should be able to get. Here in the Senate, we have good health insurance. Over the last 10 years, a number of Senators have had serious illnesses, and they have gotten some of the best care in the world. If it is good for the Senate, it is good for every American. Healthcare must be a right of all people, not a privilege. Quality care must be available to all, not just the wealthy. Senator D
AINES is going to come down here in a while to offer a Medi-care-for-all proposal. Again, I hope this is a breakthrough. I hope our Repub-lican colleagues understand that we have to join the rest of the industri-alized world. And if Senator D
AINES  comes down here and is prepared to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.016 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4360 July 27, 2017 
vote for that legislation, prepared to get his other Republican Senators pre-pared to vote for that legislation, my God, we can win this vote overwhelm-ingly and move this country in a very different direction. But I have a feeling that is not what Senator D
AINES has in mind. I think this is another joke, another game, an-other sham as part of a horrendous overall process. So I will not be sup-porting that amendment, unless Sen-ator D
AINES and Republicans vote for it as well. But this I will do: Whether in this debate—and I hope I have the op-portunity—or in the very near future, I will offer a Medicare-for-all, single- payer program which finally has the United States doing what every other major country on Earth does—guar-antee healthcare to every man, woman, and child in a cost-effective way. And when we do that and when we elimi-nate the need for families to spend $15 or $20,000 a year for health insurance, we will save the average middle-class family substantial sums of money. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I come to speak about healthcare, and I begin by paying tribute to our col-league from Arizona, Senator M
CCAIN, on his return earlier this week. I wish him the very best as he begins a proc-ess of cure, treatment, and a bright fu-ture in his life. I appreciate the re-marks he indicated that were so heart-felt to his colleagues here in the Sen-ate. We welcome him back and thank him for his service to the Senate, to the people of Arizona, to the people of America, but I also thank him most es-pecially for his service in the U.S. mili-tary. Another great hero in my life and in our country’s history is my predecessor in the Senate, Senator Bob Dole, who earlier this week celebrated his 94th birthday. Service to Kansans and all Americans exemplify Bob Dole’s life. While I admire him for his time in the Senate, I respect him even more so for his service to our country during World War II and for his efforts ever since then to care for those who have come into harm’s way as a result of their service. I often see him at the World War II Memorial when there is an Honor Flight from Kansas or across the country, and he is such a role model for so many people. Again, I admire him for his commit-ment to other veterans and to making certain that veterans receive the care and the gratitude that they deserve. Madam President, one of the most important ways we can demonstrate that we honor those who served our country is by making certain that we live up to our commitment—the com-mitment that was made to them—to provide the benefits that they deserve, including access to timely and quality healthcare. Unfortunately, today, we find ourselves in another crisis mo-ment in regard to veterans’ healthcare and, in particular, the Veterans Choice Program, which was designated to pro-vide access to veterans who were in danger of an inability to access that care because the VA did not provide the service, could not provide it in a timely manner, or the service was so far from where the veteran lived that he was unable to obtain that service because of distance. So, in 2014, this Congress passed and the President then signed what has been labeled the Choice Act. It came about in the wake of a scandal, par-ticularly in Phoenix but across the country, in which we saw fake waiting lists and the belief that there were vet-erans who died as a result of not ob-taining the care that they were enti-tled to in the VA system. The Choice Program has helped thou-sands of veterans across the country, especially those in rural communities, where distance remains a problem. I have heard from many veterans in my State as to how important the Choice Program is to them. Instead of driving for 4 hours to see a physician at the VA, they can drive 4 minutes to see a physician in their hometowns. This Choice Program is set to expire on August 7 of this year. Just a few days from now, it is scheduled to come to an end. At the start of 2017, the VA estimated that there would be more than $1 billion remaining in the Choice account that the VA told us would last until January 2018. Rather than letting those funds expire, I joined Senator M
CCAIN, Senator I SAKSON , Senator T
ESTER , and others in a Choice exten-sion bill to remove that August 7 dead-line and sunset the program until the funds expired, which, as I said, was be-lieved to be in January of 2018. The President signed that bill on April 19, but less than 6 weeks later, we learned from the VA that the VA had made unfortunate miscalculations. As a result of poor budgeting and finance, the dollars for the Choice Program are not going to last until January and are soon to expire, just within the next few days. Demand for the Choice Program is up 30 or 40 percent, and it is clear by that increase in demand that veterans need Choice, that they like Choice, that it is working for them, and we now owe it to those veterans to make certain that the Choice Program con-tinues and that the funds are available to accomplish that goal. With Choice, the funds that they had anticipated would last until January now will run out sometime in August— we think in the next couple of weeks. Those depleted funds will mean that Kansas veterans and veterans across the country who have been using the Choice Program will no longer be able to, and it means that those who could use the Choice Program into the future will be without that option. We run the real risk—the likelihood is almost a certainty—that the Choice Program will be discontinued in a matter of days. I chair the Appropriations Sub-committee that funds the Department of Veterans Affairs, and when I learned of the budget miscalculations, we im-mediately contacted the Secretary of the Department to get his under-standing of the circumstance that we were in. We only learned of the short-fall after we learned that veterans at home were being denied access to the Choice Program. The Secretary had made a decision to reduce those vet-erans who are eligible. We asked him to withdraw that guidance to his regional officers across the country, and he did. However, when the Secretary then tes-tified before our subcommittee, the subcommittee on Military Construc-tion, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, we learned that new guid-ance had been issued because of the fear of depleting those dollars. It again limited the access of veterans to the Choice Program. We now hear of veterans who are forced to drive hours to get appoint-ments at VA facilities when, just 2 weeks ago, they were receiving that care in their hometowns and in their neighborhoods—nearby opportunities that no longer exist. Dr. Shulkin of the VA recognized that their projections and budgeting were off and must be fixed. I hope that turns out to be the result and that we have a better ability at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to make the calculations necessary for Congress and the Department to make wise deci-sions. The system has to be fixed, and it has to be fixed quickly. There is an immediate crisis. One of the things that now happens as a result of reduced use of Choice is that the networks that were created to support Choice—the third-party admin-istrators of the Choice Program—be-cause of a lack of volume, are no longer financially viable to stay in the busi-ness of being the network to connect the VA, the private sector, and the vet-erans in a way that cares for those vet-erans, gets them their appointments, and establishes the payment process by which the provider—the physician or the hospital—is paid. This is not just a circumstance in which the third-party administrators can leave the business and return if we get our work done here and the VA Choice Program is defunded. Those net-works will disappear, and we will not be able to easily restart the Choice Program, so if we do not make a fix shortly—today, tomorrow, by the weekend—and pass legislation in a timely fashion, it is not as if we can come back in September and say: OK. Let’s appropriate the money now, and Choice can restart. It will not happen. Choice will be gone. There are big consequences at play for the future of community care. The funding crisis and the inability to sus-tain Choice risk shutting down—shut-tering—the entire networks, and it will diminish the faith that veterans and our providers were slowly beginning to have in the Choice Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.017 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4361 July 27, 2017 
Early in the Choice Program, many veterans were discouraged because of the bureaucracy and paperwork associ-ated with Choice. Providers then were not often paid in a timely fashion, and they became discouraged by the pro-gram. In recent months, that con-fidence in the program had returned as veterans were beginning to get their care at home, and providers were being paid for the services that they provided veterans. Now, if the third-party ad-ministrators—the network—go away, we will send one more message to vet-erans and to those who wish to serve them—the healthcare community— that the program is not a viable or a valuable one. Fortunately, both the House and Senate have been working to fix this situation. Since June, my colleagues on the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee have joined me in working to find a solution that protects access to community care for veterans. The Choice Program is funded by manda-tory spending. We have also been work-ing with the House as they have tried to develop a solution that maintains Choice and that is fiscally responsible. There has been a lot of back and forth, a lot of conversation, a lot of talk, and a lot of negotiations going on, and I support the efforts of our chairmen and ranking members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committees, both in the House and Senate, who are trying to work on an agreement to come to-gether for our Nation’s veterans. I would hope and I expect that a bill will come from the House yet this week. My point to my colleagues here today is that we do not have the luxury of then trying to figure out something different to do than what the House sends us. We need to have our plan in place, and we need to have something that can pass both the House and Sen-ate in the next 2 days. I want to moti-vate my colleagues to do what is right for veterans and set aside the dif-ferences that have prevented the nec-essary cooperation to see that we have one bill that can pass both the House and Senate and save Choice. I stood here in 2014 to implore my colleagues to support the passage of the Choice Act in the first place, and I stand here again today to implore my colleagues to come together and sup-port the passage of this critical funding for the continuation of the Choice Pro-gram and community care for veterans. I am here to make certain that we end the delays and find a way to under-stand the differences and accept that we must act quickly on behalf of vet-erans. It has to happen immediately. We owe our veterans better than what we have been providing them. I am, once again, partnering with the Senator whom I honored in my opening comments—Senator M
CCAIN—and oth-ers to introduce legislation that will put funds back into the Choice Pro-gram and make sure that our veterans do not experience a lapse of care at home or a termination of the program. We are working hard with our col-leagues across the aisle and in the House to determine the future of this program and what community care will look like. While we work to create that system that will serve future genera-tions of veterans for years to come— how we make Choice better—we cannot allow the program to expire at this critical point in time. Taking care of veterans must be a priority above any one specific ‘‘ask’’ or ‘‘must have’’ in the funding. Not acting is not an op-tion. Upon his return to the Senate, Sen-ator MCCAIN’s words remind us of the importance of this task and many oth-ers before us. I am honored to work with him on this effort to save Choice and to serve our veterans. I ask my col-leagues to help us save this important program that benefits rural and urban veterans, that makes care more timely, that provides care in the circumstances in which the VA does not have the ca-pabilities, either in a timely or a qual-ity fashion, to provide the services to veterans. This does not diminish the role or ne-cessity of the Department of Veterans Affairs or their hospitals and clinics across the country. Veterans continue to use VA hospitals, and they continue to use our outpatient clinics, but we ought not allow for the elimination of the third opportunity for veterans’ care—the Choice Program—that serves so many veterans in so many commu-nities. Again, I thank Senator M
CCAINfor his leadership and his bipartisan work that originally created this program— this opportunity—with Senator S
AND-
ERS. We seek bipartisanship to put vet-erans first and to put their healthcare access above everything else. I am urg-ing my colleagues today to know that this issue exists, not to walk away from it, to make certain that we ac-complish our goals, and that this crit-ical funding be provided before we de-part for the weekend. Preserving this important benefit honors our heroes—Senator Dole, Sen-ator M
CCAIN, and the thousands of Americans who did not ask about whether it was Republicans who served the country or Democrats who served the country. They are those who be-lieve that having served their country is what motivated them to see that their families were safe and secure and to see that America had a bright fu-ture. We ought not deny them that kind of service today. Madam President, I thank you for the opportunity to address the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
f 
WOUNDED OFFICERS RECOVERY ACT OF 2017 Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I come to the floor to pass the Wounded Officers Recovery Act. This legislation comes after last month’s terrible shooting at the Republican practice for the annual Congressional Baseball Game. As many of you already know, U.S. Capitol Police DPD Special Agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey were both wounded in the line of duty as they successfully fought off and sub-dued the gunman. I witnessed firsthand the unbelievable bravery and heroism of the Capitol Police on that morning. It is not at all an exaggeration to say that, if not for their actions, I probably would not be here today. I and my colleagues certainly have a special place in our hearts for them and an appreciation for what they did on that fateful morning. It is a privi-lege to be able to help them out now. They had our backs, and now we need to have theirs. This bill amends the policies of the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to expand eligibility to include any U.S. Capitol Police employee who has been injured in the line of duty. This will enable Special Agents Griner and Bailey to access funds raised for victims of the congressional baseball practice shooting. Previously, the fund only allowed do-nated funds to be given to the families of officers killed in the line of duty. I am hopeful all of my colleagues will agree that this issue should rise above any partisan wrangling. Special Agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey have our gratitude, and we ought to be able to help them. I am grateful for their sacrifice. I hope we can speak with one voice in support of the brave men and women of the Cap-itol Police and pass this bill without delay. I wish to thank the cosponsors here in the Senate, including Senator PAUL, Senator D
ONNELLY , Senator M URPHY , and all of those who played in the con-gressional baseball game, also, in the House, the managers of the Republican and the Democratic teams respec-tively, Joe Martin and M
IKEDOYLE . The congressional baseball game is one of the best institutions in Con-gress, one of the most bipartisan insti-tutions. We are able to raise a lot of money for needy causes as well as the Capitol Police. We want to make sure a lot of the money that was raised this year—a portion of that money—can go to these deserving individuals who helped us out in a very real way and saved our lives. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Rules be discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 3298 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3298) to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of- duty injuries, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.020 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4362 July 27, 2017 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Flake amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amend-ed, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 409) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wounded Of-ficers Recovery Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PAYMENTS FROM UNITED STATES CAP-ITOL POLICE MEMORIAL FUND FOR EMPLOYEES KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY OR SUSTAINING SERIOUS LINE-OF-DUTY INJURIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZING PAYMENTS FROM FUND.— Section 2 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1952) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘AND CERTAIN OTHER UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE EMPLOYEES’’ before the period at the end; (2) by striking ‘‘Subject to the regula-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Ex- cept to the extent used or reserved for use under subsection (b) and subject to the regu-lations’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
AYMENTS FOR EMPLOYEES KILLED IN  
THE LINE OF DUTY OR SUSTAINING SERIOUS  L
INE-OF-DUTY INJURIES .—In addition to the amounts paid under subsection (a), and in ac-cordance with the regulations issued under section 4(b), amounts in the Fund may be paid to— ‘‘(1) families of employees of the United States Capitol Police who were killed in the line of duty; or ‘‘(2) employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of- duty injuries.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS OF CAPITOL POLICE  B
OARD .—Section 4 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1954) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Capitol Police Board’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Capitol Police Board’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS GOVERNING PAYMENTS  
FOREMPLOYEES KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY 
ORSUSTAINING SERIOUS LINE-OF-DUTY INJU-
RIES.—In carrying out subsection (a), the Capitol Police Board shall issue specific reg-ulations governing the use of the Fund for making payments to families of employees of the United States Capitol Police who were killed in the line of duty and employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries (as au-thorized under section 2(b)), including regu-lations— ‘‘(1) establishing the conditions under which the family of an employee or an em-ployee is eligible to receive such a payment; ‘‘(2) providing for the amount, timing, and manner of such payments; and ‘‘(3) ensuring that any such payment is in addition to, and does not otherwise affect, any other form of compensation payable to the family of an employee or the employee, including benefits for workers’ compensation under chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (c) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED IN  R
ESPONSE TO INCIDENT OF JUNE14, 2017.—The second sentence of section 1 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1951) is amended by striking ‘‘deposit into the Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘de-posit into the Fund, including amounts re-ceived in response to the shooting incident at the practice for the Congressional Base-ball Game for Charity on June 14, 2017,’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 3298), as amended, was passed. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I want all my colleagues and everyone listening right now to be very clear about what Republican leadership is planning for today. Faced with defeat after defeat on their plans to rip apart our healthcare system—‘‘no’’ on a bill that would spike families’ premiums, gut Medicaid, and deny 22 million peo-ple healthcare; ‘‘no’’ on a bill that would cause chaos and healthcare costs to skyrocket and deny 32 million peo-ple healthcare—it appears the Repub-lican leader has a last-ditch plan wait-ing in the wings. As soon as they have an official score from the CBO—which could be hours from now—in the dead of night, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL will bring forward leg-islation that Democrats, patients, fam-ilies, and even many Senate Repub-licans have not seen, and try to pass it before anyone can so much as blink. Now, we have heard rumors about what could be in this bill, and based on what we know, Democrats took it upon ourselves to do the best we could to fig-ure out what its impact will be. The CBO scored our best guess at what Re-publicans are talking about doing, and here is what they found: Sixteen mil-lion people will lose their healthcare coverage in the next 10 years under this bill; premiums will increase by 20 percent every single year for the next 10 years; your premiums will increase 20 percent every single year in the next 10 years, all while special interests in the healthcare industry are going to get a massive tax break. Republicans could still play games with the language as they negotiate in secret somewhere to try to get a bit ‘‘better’’ than this, but no matter what they do here, if they jam it through, they will be held accountable for the millions of people who lose care and the millions and millions more who will see their premiums go up. I hope, when my Senate Republican colleagues began their process, they were not planning to pass a bill in the dark of night to deny millions of people healthcare and hand special interests billions in tax breaks, but, right now, that is the path they are careening down—even as more and more people are speaking up about what the impact of this legislation would have. In fact, just yesterday, a bipartisan group of 10 Governors wrote a letter urging Senate Republicans to reject this secret bill, saying it would—I am quoting 10 bipartisan Governors—‘‘ac-celerate health plans leaving the indi-vidual market, increase premiums, and result in fewer Americans having ac-cess to coverage.’’ I hope every single Senate Repub-lican read that letter. I also hope they understand that if they pass this bill tonight, it will only get worse from here. If this secret bill—the lowest common denomi-nator—goes through and a conference starts with the House, then every Sen-ate Republican who voted for it has just bought TrumpCare a trip to the White House. The Senate Republicans who so loudly made clear they hated the TrumpCare bill when it passed the House could now very well find them-selves being held responsible for send-ing that same bill straight to President Trump’s desk because, let’s be honest, extreme conservatives aren’t going to rest until they have a bill on the way to the White House that would spike premiums and out-of-pocket costs, gut protections for preexisting conditions, end Medicaid as we know it, defund Planned Parenthood, and kick tens of millions of people off their coverage—a bill that would, in other words, shatter the promises of more responsible Re-publicans who I know are deeply con-cerned about ways these outcomes would impact the people they serve. So, to put it simply, a bill in con-ference is no excuse to kick people off coverage, spike premiums by 20 percent for everyone, and give a massive tax break to the wealthy, especially be-cause it will simply be an opportunity to hand the keys over to the House Freedom Caucus. I want to remind any Senate Repub-lican who doesn’t want to have TrumpCare on their hands—who truly does want to make our healthcare sys-tem work better for patients and fami-lies—there is a better path. As Senator M
CCAINsaid so powerfully earlier this week, we shouldn’t let the ‘‘bombastic loudmouths’’ drive our work. We should get back to regular order, and we still can. I am saying to every Senate Repub-lican every chance I get: Drop this par-tisan, sham floor process. Drop it. Start over with an open, transparent process in which both sides, patients, and families across the country have a voice. I hope that as big as our differences are, many of my Republican colleagues would prefer that bipartisan voice and route. They have said as much. Their votes to reject the partisan TrumpCare and full repeal bills this week made it even clearer. So let’s have hearings like Chairman A
LEXANDER has proposed to do in our HELP Committee. Let’s have a public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.021 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4363 July 27, 2017 
debate. Let’s focus on policies that lower costs, that expand coverage, and improve quality. Democrats are ready. We are at the table. I hope Senate Republicans who are ready to work on real solutions will join us, but, first, for that to happen, Senate Republicans need to step away from this sham process we are on today. Say no. Vote no. Return us to a process we are all involved in. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. 
SEPARATION OF POWERS  
Mr. SASSE. Madam President, in the fall of 2015, when I first spoke on the Senate floor, I gave Nebraskans and every Member of this body my word that I would speak up when a Repub-lican President exceeded his or her powers. At that moment, the Demo-cratic President had taken to himself powers the Constitution had not given him. My opposition was not that Presi-dent Obama was a Democrat but rather that our brilliant Constitution inten-tionally separates executive and legis-lative powers. I gave my promise then because, de-spite the lazy, partisan rhetoric of this city, not everything is actually a blood feud between Republicans and Demo-crats. That is because American poli-tics at its best is acutely aware of the difference between justice and strength. That is because when our body is working well in the Senate, we take seriously our history, our duties, and our unique place in the Constitu-tion’s architecture of separate powers, both vertically and horizontally. In 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the Obama administration had made unconstitutional appointments when it declared this body to be in re-cess when the U.S. Senate was not, in fact, in recess, and it functionally claimed power—that is, the adminis-tration functionally claimed power— that belonged to the Senate under our Constitution. So today I have come to the floor to keep my promise and to offer a word of humble advice to the President. If you are thinking of making a recess ap-pointment to push out the Attorney General, forget about it. The Presi-dency isn’t a bull and this country isn’t a china shop. Mr. President, you are a public servant, in a system of limited government, with a duty to uphold and to defend and to teach to our kids the Constitution’s system of checks and balances. This—this is the world’s greatest experiment in self-govern-ment. It works only if all of us—Presi-dents, Senators, Republicans, Demo-crats, Independents, and judges—if we all keep our faith to the American in-stitutions and to the rule of law. Our oath is not to popularity, it is not to polls, and it is not to political parties. Our oath is to the Constitution and to the rule of law. Our duty is to the American people—the men and women who elected us, the men and women who came before us, and espe-cially the men and women who will come after us in this greatest of experi-ments in self-government. Madam President, with respect to the healthcare debate that we are having in this body, while I obviously look for-ward to taking seriously and consid-ering any and all amendments offered by my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, the basic trajectory of where we are in healthcare has not changed. We should all be disappointed by where we are. Here is what I mean. It is very likely that in the coming decade, basic math is going to force Americans and those who will serve them in this and other institutions of government—they are going to be forced to choose between two paths. This isn’t that hard to see. We are ultimately going to choose be-tween single-payer, socialized medi-cine—something I think is terrible pol-icy, but it is intellectually coherent— or we are going to actively build the innovative, disruptive system of con-sumer-based health insurance that ac-tually goes with consumers and pa-tients and Americans and taxpayers across job and geographic change. We are ultimately going to make a choice. Sadly, this has been a missed oppor-tunity. We are not making the big choice now. We are making a choice be-tween a couple of small options. We have forks in front of us that are, I think, dissatisfying to everyone. I have one constituent at home, who also hap-pens to be my wife, who when she checks in on the processes of Wash-ington, she regularly says: Both of your political parties are so gross. She is dissatisfied, like so many of the con-stituents who call us and come to our offices, with the fact that we are not debating the real stuff around here. We are making a choice between two small, pretty crappy options, when really the big choice that is in front of us—when we have health entitlements which dwarf everything else on the Federal budget—the two choices before us aren’t really that hard to see. We are ultimately going to migrate toward a European-style single-payer system, where government will be more effec-tive at controlling costs, but it will do it by crowding out lots and lots of the private sector. We are either going to have single-payer healthcare or even-tually we will create a system where you have portable, affordable insur-ance. We have none of those things today. We have no portability today. You can’t take your insurance policy with you across job and geographic change. When I change jobs, I don’t lose my life insurance. I don’t have to cancel my car insurance because I changed jobs. But we are still living on a system that launders our insurance, which is really mostly the collectivized prepayment of mostly predictable medical expenses. We launder it through a tax accident from the 1940s. So you have to do that through your large employer group. You can’t do it in the small market or as an individual. So we don’t have port-ability, and we all know we need port-ability. We did this 30 years ago in pensions. We used to also launder through a tax accident where, when people were pre-sumed to work at one firm through their whole career, they had a defined benefit pension plan. It worked when you worked at the same place from high school graduation to retirement. It doesn’t work when the average dura-tion at a job for Americans is now under 4 years. So we did the hard work of reforming a pension system from a defined benefit to a defined contribu-tion, tax-protected, portable 401(k) plan. Obviously, we all know that if we are not going to end up in socialized medi-cine, we should have portability in our health insurance benefits. We should have farmers and ranchers in the Pre-siding Officer’s State or in my State able to keep their insurance that they usually have to buy through the indi-vidual market, or we need the gig econ-omy mobile workers who are going to change jobs even faster than every 4 years to not become uninsured for 4 to 6 months every fourth year when they change jobs. That is actually the No. 1 driver of uninsurance in America today. To listen to pundits screaming on TV, you would think that somehow there are so many sicker or so many poorer Americans and that is why we have had arcing uninsurance since 1990. But that is not true. We don’t have more poor people and we don’t have more sick people. Uninsurance went up from 1990 to 2009 because people change jobs more rapidly, and every 4 years when they change jobs, if they have a 4- to 6-month period of uninsurance, that is when they get the breast cancer diagnosis, or probabilistically that might be when they get in the car acci-dent, and now they become the pre-existing condition population of 5 and 10 and 15 years from today. This isn’t rocket science. Uninsurance has grown in America over the last 25 years because we change jobs more and we have a stupid, clunky system from 60 years ago that we still launder through a tax accident. We should have portability. We should have affordability. We should have a real debate in this body about why so many—and by the way, I have been critical of my party for not having a good plan for replace. But I will say to those on the other side of the aisle, the ‘‘Affordable Care Act’’ is an absurdly Orwellian name for a piece of legisla-tion that those who were in this body and voted for 7 years ago told the American people—you all did a press conference at the White House, and you said premiums would fall $2,500 per family of four. They have risen $3,200 on average per family of four. So your plus or minus sign was off to the tune of $5,700 per American family. In my State and in the Presiding Of-ficer’s State, we now have a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.022 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4364 July 27, 2017 
farming families in counties where there is only one insurer, where pre-miums are now north of $20,000 a year for the insurance market. Stop pretending this is in any way af-fordable. What we have is a system where the assumption is that because the system is so broken, the only way anybody could ever get health financing—and supposedly, health financing is the means to getting access to the health delivery system—is that everybody needs to be on welfare. That doesn’t work. We should have a robust social wel-fare safety net for the poorest and sick-est among us, and we all in this body should be accountable for passing a piece of legislation that delivers a sys-tem where lower middle-class and mid-dle-class and upper middle-class Ameri-cans can afford their own health insur-ance. Not everybody in America needs to be on welfare, and not everybody in America wants to be on welfare. So our system is not affordable, it is not portable, and fundamentally it is not really insurance. We have a system that is mostly about the collectivized prepayment of all medical expenses. We don’t do this in any other sector of the economy. Think how absurd it would be for us to pass a law in this body mandating that Allstate and State Farm have to buy all your gas and schedule all your Jiffy Lube appointments. That is what we are trying to do in healthcare. Guess what. We can guess what it would look like. Jiffy Lube would be open at the wrong hours; it would be at the wrong locations; we wouldn’t know what serv-ices they deliver; there wouldn’t be quality metrics on any of it; and it would probably grow at 2 to 2
1⁄2times inflationary or GDP growth—just like healthcare. We are trying to hyper-regulate and micromanage all of the largest sector of the U.S. economy from here by pre-tending we are talking about insur-ance, when we are not. What this body and what the Congress and what Wash-ington, DC, have wanted to do for years is run every decision in healthcare but not tell the American people the truth—that it turns out it is really ex-pensive. Nobody comes to the floor and advo-cates—maybe B
ERNIE does. Maybe Sen-ator S
ANDERS comes to the floor and actually honestly advocates for raising taxes to the level of all the micro-management of the health sector that people in this body want to do. But what most people want to do—and it isn’t just your side of the aisle; it turns out it might be a lot of people on my side of the aisle as well—they would like to have so much control over the healthcare sector but not admit how expensive it is, that we will do it by regulations on the financing model so you can hide it under the word ‘‘insur-ance.’’ Most of what is happening in American healthcare isn’t insurance. Insurance is insulating people from catastrophic loss from non-behavior-ally-driven, unpredictable events. Everybody in this body wants every American to have health insurance, and everybody in this body should also want a health delivery system where the average American family living on middle-class wages could afford to buy their healthcare without potentially going broke or needing to become a ward of the State in the form of wel-fare. We should be having that debate. We should have a debate about portable insurance, about affordable insurance, versus socialized medicine. I am against socialized medicine, but people who want to advocate for it have an in-tellectually coherent position. That is the debate we should be having. In-stead, we are going to kick the can down the road and have another small- ball debate. This is a lost opportunity for the American people, and it kind of makes a sham of the joke that this is the greatest deliberative body on the face of the Earth. I live in a little farm town in Ne-braska. There are 10 not-for-profit boards in my town that deliberate a heck of a lot better than we deliberate in this body. We can and should do bet-ter. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, the first three words of our Constitu-tion are ‘‘We the People.’’ Indeed, our entire system was set up to be a gov-ernment which produces results of, by, and for the people, but certainly right now, that is not what we are getting. We are getting a secret plan which has not yet been put on this floor, with a promise that there will be a debate in the middle of the night—no chance for committee hearings on it, no chance to consult with experts, no chance for us to go home and talk to our constitu-ents. This is about as far away from a deliberative democratic republic as you can possibly get. It makes us think of 1787, when Ben Franklin came out of the Constitu-tional Convention and was stopped by someone in the crowd and asked: What do we have—a monarchy or a republic? He answered: A republic, if you can keep it. Well, we are not keeping it right now through this secret, middle-of-the- night, non-consultative process. We are disgracing the notion that our Found-ers fought for the ‘‘we the people’’ Re-public. This is something which touches so many Americans. We are not talking about the weight limit on a highway. We are not talking about what kinds of signs to post. We are talking about fun-damental access to healthcare. If the rumors are right, my col-leagues plan to bring forward a bill that will blow up insurance on the ex-change for millions of Americans. An insurance pool is a little bit like a swimming pool. You tear a hole in the side of a swimming pool, the water drains out and there are only a few inches left, and the only people who would bother to go into that depleted swimming pool would be those who really, really want to swim. It is the same with the healthcare pool. The bill coming out tonight, we are told, will rip a big hole in the side of the insur-ance pool, and it will do so in a fashion that only those who have preexisting conditions, only those who are sick, only those who are old, will truly try to get that insurance. This means the price will be driven up, and many of them can’t afford it, so they will drop out. So it means the pool will have even more people who are sick and older. This is the death spiral. My colleagues today are planning to put forward a bill tonight, we are told, that creates a death spiral insurance. Who pays the price? Who pays the price? Our Nation pays the price with an estimated 16 million people who would lose insurance. We are talking about those who have every desire to have the peace of mind that if their loved one gets sick, they will get the care they need. We are talking about Americans who have every desire to know that if their loved one gets in-jured, they won’t end up bankrupt. But all of that is at risk tonight. A few moments ago, my colleague from Nebraska came to the floor, and he started out by saying we need to en-sure that the President doesn’t overstep his powers. Let’s talk, too, about this Senate not destroying its procedures designed to ensure a ‘‘we the people’’ republic, which means we should all vote to send whatever bill comes out tonight to committee, where it can be duly considered in a bipar-tisan fashion, with experts, with con-sultation. In fact, my colleague from Arizona, who came back and gave a dramatic and beautiful speech just 2 days ago, said it should be considered by committee. Let’s work together to take whatever plan comes out tonight and put it where it needs to be—in committee for due deliberation. This issue touches too many lives. It is too core to the quality of life of our fellow Americans. Let’s not allow any bill to pass out of this Chamber that would do so much destruction. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SASSE). The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is now in its third day of voting on major healthcare legislation, and we still have no idea exactly what the Re-publican leadership wants or what bill they are going to put on the floor. The Republican leadership tosses out op-tions, bills that would affect the lives of millions of Americans and one-sixth of our economy. Not even Republicans know what proposal is coming next, and the American public certainly doesn’t know what is coming, and they are very interested because they have healthcare and they want to know if it is going to be taken away from them. It is as if the Republicans are playing healthcare roulette. The leader spins 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.024 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4365 July 27, 2017 
the roulette wheel, the ball lands arbi-trarily on some version of the ACA re-peal, and the leader quickly calls a quick vote on that random version of ACA repeal. Soon we are going to vote on a cyn-ical amendment from the Republicans offering Medicare for all. My under-standing is the Senator offering this isn’t even going to support his own amendment. If you were in a State leg-islature, you would be prohibited from offering an amendment like that. They oppose this Medicare-for-all amend-ment. They oppose Medicare for all. So why are they seeking a vote? To dis-tract from their own dangerous bills and reckless process. It is a desperate ploy, and everyone sees through it. I support healthcare for all. It should be a right in this Nation. But this is a phony and insincere amendment. All the while, the President stands to the side, not caring one whit what the bill looks like or how many people will be hurt in the rush to get a bill out the Senate door. On Tuesday, we voted on the leader-ship’s Better Care Reconciliation Act 2.0. That would cut 22 million Ameri-cans off healthcare. It also has been re-jected overwhelmingly by Americans. Yesterday, we voted on straight ACA repeal, not replacement. That bill would throw 32 million Americans off of healthcare. That idea is no more popular than the other bills. Today, maybe we will vote on a last- ditch version which would repeal parts of ObamaCare, the so-called skinny re-peal option. That bill is no better. It would mean 16 million Americans get thrown off healthcare, and the other very important part of this is that it would raise premiums 20 percent. We have heard our friend from Nebraska come down here on the floor and talk about their concern about healthcare and concern about the cost of pre-miums. They ought to know that this proposal is going to raise premiums 20 percent. This bill is the Republicans’ last hope. It takes away the individual mandate to get health insurance and the employer mandate to provide health insurance to employees. Like the other schemes the Republicans have tried, it would hike premiums for the elderly and for the sick. Blue Cross Blue Shield is opposed to this proposal. They say ‘‘strong incen-tives for people to obtain health insur-ance and keep it year round’’—that is what they are looking for, that is what is in current law, and we have the Re-publicans wanting to take it out. There must be Affordable Care Act cost-sharing provisions for consumers. Otherwise, there will be—and this is Blue Cross Blue Shield again—‘‘steep premium increases and diminished choices that would make coverage unaffordable and inaccessible.’’ Like the other schemes, this won’t ensure that more Americans will have healthcare; it means many fewer will. It doesn’t decrease healthcare costs; it increases healthcare costs. Even worse, there have been no committee hear-ings, no public input on this or any of the other versions of ACA repeal the Republican roulette ball has landed on. To give you a sample of the public feeling on this issue—I am seeing it across New Mexico—my office has re-ceived 14,500 calls, emails, and letters rejecting the Republican plans. It is an unprecedented number from the small State of New Mexico. I agree with Senator M
CCAIN. We must go back to regular order. We must stop this gamesmanship. We need to work together on a solution to im-prove the Affordable Care Act by bring-ing down costs, making it easier for small businesses to provide healthcare, and especially making prescription drugs more affordable—but not by de-nying New Mexico families and mil-lions more access to quality healthcare. The Republicans are playing with people’s lives. Making sure severely disabled children have healthcare through Medicaid is not a game; nei-ther is kicking elderly grandparents out of their Medicaid-funded nursing homes or enabling women to get breast and cervical cancer screenings from Planned Parenthood. It is hard to keep up with the Repub-lican versions 2.0, 3.0, 4.5, 5.0 of the Af-fordable Care Act repeal. Every bill is consistent in cutting care for millions of Americans. The Republicans keep proposing so- called healthcare bills that are not ac-tual healthcare bills. The real healthcare bill would protect gains made, cover more people, and make health insurance more affordable. The Republican bills do none of these things. Their bills reverse the gains, cover millions fewer people, and make health insurance less affordable, espe-cially for those most vulnerable. The American people want everyone to have affordable healthcare. That must be our goal. Republicans and Democrats should be working hard right now to get us to that national goal. I have shared the stories of New Mexicans who have lives that have been changed, and even saved, because of the Affordable Care Act—New Mexi-cans like Mike, from Placitas. Mike had an aggressive cancer but was diag-nosed early, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, and doctors saved his life. Alexis, from Albuquerque, had a stroke and brain surgeries when she was 28. She had affordable health insurance under the ACA, and those subsidies helped her keep health insurance and get healthcare coverage. Elena was able to afford a lifesaving mastectomy because of Medicaid expansion. These are real people who are now jeopardized by the Republican bills and Republican proposals. There are thousands more across New Mexico and millions across the country who are crying out for the Republican majority to change this reckless and dangerous scheme. I yield the floor. My colleague from New Mexico, Sen-ator HEINRICH , is here. He has been a real champion in terms of fighting for working families and for their healthcare. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, for over 7 years, Republicans in Wash-ington have cheered shortcomings in our healthcare system and blamed the Affordable Care Act for every problem under the premise that they would do so much better if just put in charge. Repealing the law made for great bumper stickers and great campaign promises, but the trouble is that their opposition to the ACA has always been more about politics than it ever was about actual policy or, for that matter, plans to do better for the American people. The shockingly rushed and secretive effort on display this week in the Sen-ate is only further evidence that Presi-dent Trump and Republicans in Con-gress don’t have any real solutions to improve our Nation’s healthcare sys-tem. After months of negotiations be-hind closed doors, when Senate Repub-licans released their secret TrumpCare bill, its contents proved too harmful for passage, even among themselves. Stuck without a path forward, their latest idea is to pass a small backroom deal before sundown today—which no one has seen yet—and then go to con-ference with the tea party and the Freedom Caucus in the House of Rep-resentatives. While we still don’t know what we will be voting on, we know that the so- called skinny repeal bill would mean higher premiums and millions of Amer-icans losing their healthcare coverage, not to mention deep cuts that would dismantle the Medicaid Program as it currently exists and throw millions of Americans off their healthcare cov-erage and put our entire healthcare system into chaos—all to give a mas-sive tax break to the wealthiest among us. That is awful policy any way you look at it. Since January, I have heard from lit-erally thousands of New Mexicans who have told me how important their healthcare coverage is to them and their families. What answers do Presi-dent Trump and Republicans in Con-gress have for the grandmother in Santa Fe who wonders where she will go when her nursing home closes be-cause of Medicaid cuts or the woman in Albuquerque who wrote to me about how scared she is about losing access to mental healthcare for her depression and anxiety? What are they going to tell the single mother in Rio Rancho who relies on Medicaid to cover her children’s medical costs or the young man in Espanola who needs treatment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:23 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.025 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4366 July 27, 2017 
to get clean from opioid addiction? These New Mexicans and millions of other Americans will be harmed if this bill becomes law. I am not outraged about all of this because I am a Democrat or because of what I think of President Trump. I am outraged about this bill because of what it will do to my constituents in New Mexico. I will do everything I can to oppose this appalling legislation and this appalling process and fight to keep quality healthcare accessible and af-fordable for New Mexicans. If we can halt this mad rush, we can all work—Republicans and Demo-crats—to get to the things that we agree need fixing in our system. There is much work to be done there, no doubt about it. As Senator M
CCAINtold us all Tues-day: ‘‘We have been spinning our wheels on too many important issues because we keep trying to find a way to win without help from across the aisle.’’ There is a better way forward. We can come together and work on the things that we know need to be fixed in the ACA. People’s lives hang in the bal-ance. There are real bipartisan solu-tions if we can get back to regular order. I want to thank my colleague from New Mexico for his incredible leader-ship in this debate and say how hard we are going to work to make sure that we keep fighting for our constituents in New Mexico on this healthcare legisla-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I am aware that the time is at an end. I ask unanimous consent for 7 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues from New Mexico, my neighbors, for being here. I thank the Presiding Officer for his statement. As usual, he is pointing the Senate in a direction that we should be headed. Whether people in my State support the Affordable Care Act or whether they don’t, they are dissatisfied with the way our healthcare system works. The Affordable Care Act—or ObamaCare or whatever you want to call it—is just part of our healthcare system. We have Medicare. We have Medicaid. We have hospitals. We have doctors. We have nurses. It all adds up, in America in the 21st century, to a system that is really hard on people and makes it very hard for them to predict their future. It creates situa-tions where they have to make choices that no other people in the industri-alized world have to make, about rais-ing their family, about staying in a job—as the Presiding Officer was talk-ing about—that they might not want to stay in for fear they would lose their health insurance. I thought the Presiding Officer made an excellent point when he said that you don’t lose your car insurance when you leave your place of business for an-other job. Why should you lose your health insurance? Why should you? Why should you have to put up with things in this country that nobody else in the industrialized world has to put up with? It may be that the debate we are going to have is as binary as the Pre-siding Officer was saying. Maybe it is a debate about single payer versus what he described as more consumer based. Maybe there is something in between. America has a way of trying to figure those kinds of things out—or at least we have historically. My colleague from Oregon earlier quoted the famous line, which some-body yelled out to Ben Franklin: What kind of government are you creating, a monarchy or republic? That was the question. His answer was, as the Senator of Or-egon said: ‘‘A republic, if you can keep it’’—if you can keep it. The Founders had extraordinary vi-sion, and they were creating something that had never existed before in the history of humankind—never existed. You could make an argument about a couple of small principalities or places in Switzerland, and there would be some argument about ancient Rome, but, really, this exercise in self-govern-ment had sprung from their imagina-tion and their desire as human beings to govern themselves, to slough off the monarchy that ruled them and ruled others in Europe. What Ben Franklin said was so im-portant and so wise because he didn’t say: ‘‘A republic.’’ He said: ‘‘A republic, if you can keep it.’’ When they wrote the Constitution, they were creating a mechanism for the American people to resolve their disputes. They were not creating a re-public where they believed that every-one would agree with each other. They had vast disagreements. They had dis-agreements far greater than the ones we have. They had geographic disagree-ments. They had disagreements about big States and little States. They had disagreements about slavery. They were able to come together and create a mechanism to resolve our dif-ferences. They didn’t believe, as some people seem to on talk radio every day, that if you don’t agree with the other person that you must be a Communist or you must be some rightwinger. That is not what they believed. They believed there was a public pur-pose, that there was public virtue that underlay the work they were trying to do and that we would be able to persist in this Republic only if we kept it—if we kept it. That is how self-government works. It is not a king telling you what to do. It is not the generation of the Found-ers telling you what to do. It is doing what you need to do, as the Presiding Officer said, for the sake of people who did their jobs before us but, more im-portantly, as he said, for the people who are coming after us. Seeing from this perspective, this process is a dis-grace. This is why we have a 9-percent approval rating in the U.S. Senate— what has been referred to in past gen-erations as the greatest deliberative body in the world. Those words are spo-ken mockingly today. The people I represent, and the peo-ple the Presiding Officer represents, are paying a price for this. It has been a long time since I have been in the majority—I am sad to say, but it is true—but there was a time when I would preside, as the Presiding Officer is doing today. A reporter asked me once: What do you think about when you are up there? As JOHNMCCAINsaid the other day: We aren’t doing any-thing here. He is right. We are not. So the reporter said: What are you thinking about? Do you know what I told him? I said: What I think about is, What is China doing right now, while Democrats and Republicans here had their fight that has nothing to do with the people whom we represent? We know what China is doing right now. While we don’t even have the de-cency to maintain the assets and infra-structure, the roads and bridges that our parents and grandparents had the decency to build for us—starting on this floor—they are building trains, not just in China but all over Asia, to bind them together in an economic union to come after the United States. What is China doing? What I deeply regret about this de-bate is that the end product, whether we pass this bill or if we don’t, is not going to improve healthcare for the people I represent. Again, my starting point is that there are people who like the Affordable Care Act and there are people who don’t like the Affordable Care Act, but everybody is deeply dis-satisfied, as they should be, with the way our healthcare system works. What we should do is abandon this process and, instead, go to committee. Chairman A
LEXANDER —he is a Repub-lican—is perfectly capable of running a bipartisan process that could lead us to a place where we actually are making things better for people who live on the Eastern Plains of Colorado, on the Front Range of Colorado, or on the Western Slope of Colorado, who may be Republicans and Democrats, but for whom healthcare is not political. It is about their family and about their fu-ture. That is what we should be keep-ing in mind, instead of just the next election around here. Everybody has lamented that. I am running out of time, but I re-member when the majority leader was not the majority leader. He is a smart person. He came here and said: ‘‘Major legislation is now routinely drafted, not in committee, but in the Majority Leader’s conference room and then dropped on the floor with little or no opportunity for members to participate in the amendment process, virtually guaranteeing a fight.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.027 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4367 July 27, 2017 
That is what he said. I am telling those of you with whom I was in town-hall meetings 7 years ago, when people were saying: Read the bill, read the bill. The tea party was at the height, bringing pocket Constitutions to my meetings, telling me to be faithful to that process. I say that we should be saying that right now: Be faithful to that constitutional process. He knew the process wasn’t working as it should. What he said was this: 
When Democrats couldn’t convince any of us— 
That is, Republicans— 
that [the Affordable Care Act] was worth supporting as written, they decided to do it on their own and pass it on a party line vote. 
He continued: 
It may very well have been the case that on ObamaCare, the will of the country was not to pass the bill at all. That’s what I would have concluded if Republicans couldn’t get a single Democrat vote for legis-lation of this magnitude, I’d have thought, maybe this isn’t a great idea. 
So I say to the Republicans and Democrats who are here today, maybe it isn’t a great idea because they can’t even get the Republican votes. They haven’t gotten one Democratic vote. They haven’t gotten the Republican votes to repeal and replace, even though they have run on this for 8 years. They had to bring the Vice President here to cast the deciding vote because we were tied. What a shame for the Senate not to do its work and to rely on the executive branch to come here and supply that vote. Every single person in this body knows the President of the United States has no idea or interest in what is in this legislation. Every single per-son here knows that. So why are we doing it? We are doing it, I guess, to fulfill a campaign promise to repeal ObamaCare. I can understand why there is pressure for people to do that, because they said that over and over, even though I disagree with their char-acterization of the bill. I disagree with the facts they pre-sented. I understand that impulse, but I don’t understand the impulse of writ-ing a bill in secret—listen to this folks—not having a single committee hearing—not one committee hearing in the Senate. Talk about ‘‘read the bill.’’ How about having a bill that is written down on paper so we can read it? Where are my brethren in the tea party who wanted to read the other bill? There was a bill then. There had been a bill for a year and a half. There is no bill. There is no bill be-cause what they are trying to do is to figure out what they can eke out across the line here. They are calling it a skinny repeal. I don’t even know how that satisfies the laugh test, when it comes to the campaign promises that were made around here, but that is not my issue. But we should just stop. We are at 9 percent. This bill, I think, the last time I checked, had a 15-percent approval rating or a 20-percent ap-proval rating. Don’t pass that. We have wasted 6 months—not of our time but of the American people’s time. I have people all over the State of Colorado who would love to come here and tes-tify at a committee hearing about how healthcare is intersecting with their lives and making their lives difficult or how they are benefiting from certain things. I would love for them to have a chance to come here and testify, but we haven’t set up that process. We should. We should stop this. The American people would be re-lieved if we would stop this partisan-ship to get together and work on the committee as we should do and pass something on the floor. What we have forgotten about the Affordable Care Act—even though it didn’t have Repub-lican votes, and it should have—is that it had almost 200 Republican amend-ments adopted as part of the process. I agree with what the majority leader said then. If the process is lousy, the outcome of the bill is likely to be lousy. An important point he made is that it is unlikely to reflect the will of the American people, and when it doesn’t, what it is going to mean is that we are just going to continue to seesaw from one election to the next election and we are not going to get a result. I am willing to settle for 80 percent of what I want, or 70 percent of what I want—I am. I don’t think that is an unvirtuous position to have. All these people here are talking all the time about the principle they are standing on. When you scratch at that and look for the content of the idea underneath that principle, there is very seldom anything there. They are often repeat-ing something they heard last night on FOX or MSNBC, but it wouldn’t be rec-ognizable to the Founders as a prin-ciple. For them, a fundamental prin-ciple was that you had to unleash the imagination of people with different sets of experiences and different sets of opinions and from different geographic places in order to do the right thing for this country. That is what we should do today. I realize the indulgence of the Pre-siding Officer. I thank him for his kind-ness. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I wanted to weigh in on a debate that took place on the floor a couple of hours ago—actually, when I was pre-siding in the chair—between the major-ity leader and the minority leader on what we are going to be doing here in the next couple of days on the Senate floor. So right now we are having a healthcare debate. We are finally hav-ing a healthcare debate. Many Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle—I say to the Presiding Officer, I saw your speech a few hours ago—are talking about the importance of healthcare for our coun-try, the importance of, from our per-spective, repealing, replacing, repair-ing a healthcare system that is not working. It is certainly not working the way in which it was promised to Americans. I will not repeat all the promises made by the former President and many Senators, but we know those haven’t come to pass. As a matter of fact, a number of us— I certainly believe in my State, the State of Alaska, the so-called Afford-able Care Act has done a lot more dam-age than good. Here are just a few sta-tistics in Alaska: Premiums in the in-dividual market went up over 200 per-cent since the enactment of the Afford-able Care Act—200 percent. Alaskans in that market—individual Alaskans, for one health insurance plan for one indi-vidual, pay almost $1,100 a month in premiums for healthcare. That is not affordable. So we are debating it. It is impor-tant. There is an open amendment process. We are probably going to be debating all night, and that is what we should be doing—the world’s greatest deliberative body debating a very im-portant topic, but healthcare is not the only issue the Senate is focused on. 
NDAA  
As a matter of fact, a number of us on the Armed Services Committee, over the last several weeks, have been working on and debating and bringing amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act, the yearly act that authorizes funding and training and equipment and policy for our military and young men and women who serve in our military. It is one of the most important things we do in the Senate, by far. So we have been doing that as well as healthcare, which is also ex-tremely important. Three weeks ago, after a lot of debate in committee, after a lot of hard work, debate between Republicans and Demo-crats, the draft NDAA of 2017, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act—fo-cused on our national security, focused on our troops—passed out of the Armed Services Committee 27 to 0, a very bi-partisan bill, a very important bill, and a very important bill for the country to move on after the healthcare debate. So the majority leader and the chair-man of the Armed Services Committee had a very simple request of the minor-ity leader this morning when I was in the chair presiding, and the request was: Once we are done for now—be-cause it is going to continue with the healthcare debate, we will not be done for a long time—once we complete the business we are undertaking for the next several hours on the healthcare debate, that we move forward to debate and pass the NDAA of 2017. It is a pret-ty simple request, a very reasonable re-quest. This bill, like healthcare, is ex-tremely important for the Nation, for our troops, for national security. On a personal note, it is particularly impor-tant for one of our Members, the chair-man of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator M
CCAIN of Ari-zona. We all know him. Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.029 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4368 July 27, 2017 
know him. He has been a mentor to many of us, a leader, certainly an American hero who has sacrificed im-measurably for our country. In another of a series of heroic acts by the Senator from Arizona, he returned to the Sen-ate this week after announcing that he is fighting brain cancer. Now, Senator M
CCAINis a fighter. He is going to win this fight, but he is going back to Ari-zona very soon for treatment. So many of us—but especially the chairman of the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee who did more than anyone to move that bill forward in such a bipartisan way—want to take up the NDAA after the healthcare debate. It is pretty simple, pretty reasonable, and really good for the country: finish the healthcare debate for now with this open amendment process that we are beginning already on the floor, then turn to the NDAA after and debate that. It is good for our troops, good for our national security, and it would show a lot of respect to the chairman of the committee who has done more for his country and more to advance this important bill than anyone else. I hope all of my colleagues—this shouldn’t be a partisan issue—can agree to this, but unfortunately we are hearing rumors that the other side is saying: Unless we vote against any healthcare bill to continue to move forward, unless we vote against it to move forward, then they are not going to take up the NDAA. Now, does that make any sense? We are going to de-bate healthcare. That is really impor-tant, but now we are hearing the other side saying: If they don’t get their way in the debate, then forget about it. We are not going to take up the bill that authorizes the training and equipping and the policies of the U.S. military. Does that make any sense? The answer to everybody—everybody in the Senate Chamber, anyone watch-ing on TV—it makes no sense. These are not connected. These are not con-nected issues. Is playing politics with our troops, tying it to another bill, any way to ad-vance the national security and the welfare of the men and women serving in our military? The answer is no. Unfortunately, we have seen this movie before. Some might remember last summer, right around this time, we were working hard on appropria-tions bills. The Appropriations Com-mittee voted different appropriations bills out of committee, as they are sup-posed to do, and they voted the Defense appropriations bill out of committee with an overwhelming bipartisan vote. So what did we do? We brought it to the floor to debate it and try to pass it—funding for the troops. That bill was filibustered six times by my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle, six times. Go home and explain that vote, why you filibustered spending for our troops—when they are in combat, by the way—six different times. I came down to this floor numerous times ask-ing somebody, anybody on the other side to come down to the floor and ex-plain why they were filibustering spending for our troops on a bill that passed out of the Appropriations Com-mittee with overwhelming bipartisan support. I am going to ask the same question. The NDAA came out of the Armed Services Committee 27 to 0. If the mi-nority leader is going to filibuster that, he should come down and explain it. If he is really saying we will only take up the NDAA if we get our way on the healthcare debate we are having right now, he should come down and explain that because it makes no sense. It makes no sense, particularly because we all know that right now we are see-ing very significant national security threats to our country. Pick up the paper—Iran, Russia, China, and in par-ticular North Korea. There was a report in the paper just the other day—yesterday, front page of the Washington Post—saying it is now estimated that North Korea is going to have an intercontinental ballistic nu-clear missile likely by next year that could range not only my great State of Alaska but the rest of the continental United States. These are serious na-tional security threats. One of the pro-visions in the NDAA that had bipar-tisan support was to significantly en-hance our country’s missile defense. Is that important? Given the North Ko-rean threats that are at our doorstep, do you think the American people care about that? It is important. It is im-portant, as are the hundreds of other bipartisan provisions in the NDAA that will enhance our national security, au-thorize funding for our military forces, increase the numbers in our military end strength—and again very bipar-tisan. Mr. President, you and I have the honor of serving on the Armed Services Committee. It is a great committee. It is very bipartisan. We get a lot of work done, led again by a great U.S. Sen-ator, J
OHN MCCAIN. It is an honor to serve there. I believe right now the Senate is try-ing to reach a unanimous consent agreement that as soon as we are done with healthcare, we will then take up this critically important bill. As the chairman wants, as he has requested, and as our military needs, we should do that. This is not a hard decision by Democrats or Republicans. I hope we can do that. I encourage all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, whatever your plans are in the next couple of days, we will get through this healthcare de-bate—very important for the country— and then let’s get through the NDAA debate and pass that bill as well. What we shouldn’t be doing is playing poli-tics with our military or somehow tying moving forward on an important piece of legislation for them to another issue that has nothing whatsoever to do with it. We shouldn’t be doing that, and if we are, shame on those who are. So let’s move forward, let’s have this healthcare debate, and when it is com-pleted, let’s immediately move to the NDAA and pass that. It is a bipartisan bill. It is going to help our Nation, help our troops, enhance our national secu-rity in dangerous times. There is no reason anyone should block moving forward on that important piece of leg-islation as well. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. PERDUE ). The Senator from Montana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 340, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I have listened to some of my colleagues from across the aisle decry our desire to re-peal and replace ObamaCare. Yes, I do want to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Why? Why are we doing this? Repealing and replacing ObamaCare is a means to an end. This is what I have heard from so many Montanans. Here is the end, and I will sum it up into three items: No. 1, to lower costs; No. 2, to ensure that we save Med-icaid—protect Medicaid—for the most vulnerable in our society; and, No. 3, to ensure that we protect those with pre-existing conditions. Some of my friends across the aisle want to see more government control of families’ healthcare decisions—in fact, a complete government takeover. I believe that we need less government control, not more government control. Their gold standard for healthcare re-form is really socialized medicine. It is called various things. Some call it gov-ernment-run healthcare. Some call it single-payer healthcare. Some call it Medicare for all. But, in essence, it is socialized medicine. The amendment that I am putting forward today is cut-and-pasted text. It is the exact, precise language. It is a carbon copy—down to every last comma and period—of Representative J
OHN CONYERS ’ bill, who is the Rep-resentative from Michigan, which has 115 Democratic cosponsors as I speak. It is an impressive 60 percent of the Democratic caucus in the U.S. House that supports and, in fact, has cospon-sored this very bill—this very amend-ment—that I am putting on the floor here today. In addition to the 115 House Mem-bers, who on the Senate side supports this bill? Well, moveon.org has cir-culated a petition in support of the Conyers’ bill, and the bill has been en-dorsed by hundreds and hundreds of labor groups, medical groups, political groups, and civic organizations. Let me be clear. I believe that social-ized medicine would be a disaster for the American people. Last November, the American people voted to make America great again, not to make America like England again. Yet I be-lieve that Montanans and the Amer-ican people deserve to see us debate different ideas right here on the Senate floor. This is referred to as the greatest deliberative body in the world. Well, let’s deliberate, including the leading idea coming from the other side of the aisle, which is why I have offered this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.030 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4369 July 27, 2017 
Mr. ROBERTS. Will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. DAINES. Yes, Mr. Chairman. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I am sorry that I did not catch all of the Senator’s remarks, but I think he said that this is a vote on a bill that was in-troduced in the House. How many cosponsors are on this bill? Is this a legitimate effort here? Mr. DAINES. For those who are watching and observing, it is H.R. 676. There are 115 Democratic cosponsors on that bill as we speak. Mr. ROBERTS. So this is a legiti-mate bill that is up. Well, it is not up for consideration now in the House. Is this the Conyers’ bill? Mr. DAINES. It is the Conyers’ bill. I did not write this amendment—this bill—that I am offering. We cut and pasted the precise text and are bring-ing it over here and offering it today. Mr. ROBERTS. Is there at least a preamble to this bill or just an opening of a couple of paragraphs or some-thing? Would the Senator describe it? Mr. DAINES. Mr. Chairman, in pre-paring this and in reading this bill, for those who want to see the heart and soul—the vision—of the Democrats, they can be found in this first para-graph of the bill. In fact, I will read it. ‘‘The bill establishes the Medicare-for- all program to provide all individuals residing in the United States free healthcare.’’ It goes on to say a couple of para-graphs later: ‘‘Health insurers may not sell health insurance that duplicates the benefits provided under this bill.’’ If that is not a complete takeover of the healthcare system from the govern-ment, then you tell me what is. Mr. ROBERTS. And that is in the bill? Mr. DAINES. It is in the opening paragraphs of the bill, the preamble part. Mr. ROBERTS. Well, I think we have a very honest choice. There has been a lot of talk about single payer. There was a lot of talk about it early on in the debate about ObamaCare. I recall in observations made by President Obama that this was the first step to-ward single payer. I understand that— well, I know that the former Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kath-leen Sebelius, had the same plan, that ObamaCare was the first step toward single payer. All you are doing is just saying, OK, if that is the goal, bring it to a vote. Mr. DAINES. Thank you, Mr. Chair-man. I agree with you. That is what I am planning to do today. I ask unanimous consent for an addi-tional 6 minutes of debate equally di-vided between the managers or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DAINES. As the chairman, the Senator from Kansas, just mentioned, I believe that Montanans and the Amer-ican people deserve to see us debate different ideas. That is why I brought this amendment to the floor today. Earlier today, a couple of hours ago, my colleague from Vermont, Senator B
ERNIE SANDERS , was on the Senate floor suggesting that my amendment is intended to embarrass Democrats. Senator S
ANDERS , my amendment shouldn’t embarrass anyone. I am try-ing to show the American people— bring it out here in full light—who is supportive of socialized medicine and who is not. If you are supportive of that, why be embarrassed? The Senator from Vermont an-nounced that he wouldn’t support the amendment unless I voted for the amendment myself. But let me be clear. I don’t support socialized medi-cine. Senator S
ANDERS does. It is time to fish or to cut bait. Why are Senators on the other side of the aisle running for the hills when they now have the chance to vote on the gold standard bill their party supports? Senator S
ANDERS and the Democrats who support Representative C
ONYERS ’ bill shouldn’t be dependent on my sup-port. Senator S
ANDERS said he would vote for it if I voted for it. Guess what. Tell the American people what you think. I think we should vote no on this. What say you? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, the time will be equally divided. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this is an exciting day. After years and years, some of my Republican colleagues have begun to understand that we cannot continue a dysfunctional healthcare system which allows 28 million Ameri-cans to have no health insurance, which forces us to pay the highest prices in the world, by far, for healthcare and even higher prices—out-rageously high prices—for prescription drugs. I understand that Senator D
AINES has offered a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system, and I congratulate him. It sounds to me as though the Repub-licans are beginning to catch on about the need to transform our healthcare system and join the rest of the indus-trialized world. So I say to Senator D
AINES , if he is prepared to vote for this legislation and if he can get maybe five, six more Republicans to vote for this legisla-tion, I think we can win it, and I think the United States can join the rest of the industrialized world and finally guarantee healthcare to all people. So if Senator D
AINES and five or six other Republicans vote for this, count me in. And we are going to work to-gether, finally, to provide healthcare to all people. But if Senator DAINES is just playing a political trick—I ask unanimous consent for 30 more sec-onds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, if Sen-ator D
AINES is just playing a political trick and does not intend to vote for this legislation or have any other Re-publican vote for it, I would suggest that every Member in the Senate vote present on this bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 340, as modified. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Ms. BALDWIN (when her name was called). Present. Mr. BENNET (when his name was called). Present. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (when his name was called). Present. Mr. BOOKER (when his name was called). Present. Mr. BROWN (when his name was called). Present. Ms. CANTWELL (when her name was called). Present. Mr. CARDIN (when his name was called). Present. Mr. CARPER (when his name was called). Present. Mr. CASEY (when his name was called). Present. Mr. COONS (when his name was called). Present. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (when her name was called). Present. Ms. DUCKWORTH (when her name was called). Present. Mr. DURBIN (when his name was called). Present. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (when her name was called). Present. Mr. FRANKEN (when his name was called). Present. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (when her name was called). Present. Ms. HARRIS (when her name was called). Present. Ms. HASSAN (when her name was called). Present. Mr. HEINRICH (when his name was called). Present. Ms. HIRONO (when her name was called). Present. Mr. KAINE (when his name was called). Present. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (when her name was called). Present. Mr. LEAHY (when his name was called). Present. Mr. MARKEY (when his name was called). Present. Mrs. M
CCASKILL (when her name was called). Present. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.032 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4370 July 27, 2017 
Mr. MENENDEZ (when his name was called). Present. Mr. MERKLEY (when his name was called). Present. Mr. MURPHY (when his name was called). Present. Mrs. MURRAY (when her name was called). Present. Mr. NELSON (when his name was called). Present. Mr. PETERS (when his name was called). Present. Mr. REED (when his name was called). Present. Mr. SANDERS (when his name was called). Present. Mr. SCHATZ (when his name was called). Present. Mr. SCHUMER (when his name was called). Present. Mrs. SHAHEEN (when her name was called). Present. Ms. STABENOW (when her name was called). Present. Mr. UDALL (when his name was called). Present. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (when his name was called). Present. Mr. WARNER (when his name was called). Present. Ms. WARREN (when her name was called). Present. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (when his name was called). Present. Mr. WYDEN (when his name was called). Present. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 0, nays 57, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 173 Leg.] NAYS—57 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 340), as modi-fied, was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. AMENDMENT NO . 389 TO AMENDMENT NO . 267 (Purpose: To provide for premium assistance for low-income individuals.) 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 389. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for Mr. S
TRANGE , proposes an amendment num-bered 389 to amendment No. 267. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of July 26, 2017, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this week we are about the business of keeping our promises. For 7 years, we have promised to help the millions of Americans who have been let down, not to mention deceived, by the promises of ObamaCare. It is absolutely critical that we fulfill our commitments. This is not just about moving past the failures of ObamaCare but laying the groundwork for providing Ameri-cans access to better care. We said all along that we have four principles: One is to help stabilize the insurance markets so people living in Iowa, for example, would make sure they have a place where they can actually buy health insurance. It is about getting premiums lower by eliminating the mandates and mak-ing it possible for people to choose al-ternatives that happen to suit their needs at a price they can afford. Third, we said we are going to con-tinue to do everything in our power to protect people with preexisting condi-tions so they are not afraid about changing jobs and being excluded from their new employer’s insurance cov-erage because of something we have done here. We protect people against the preexisting conditions exclusion. Fourth, what we said we want to do is to take Medicaid, an essential safety net healthcare program, and make sure we put it on a sustainable path. I know there are some in Washington, DC, who think we can just continue to spend borrowed money endlessly. Well, we can’t. It really jeopardizes the very vi-ability of some of our most essential safety net programs like Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and, yes, Medicaid in this instance. What we have done, and what we in-tend to do, working with our col-leagues in the House, is to put Med-icaid on a sustainable path while we grow the expenditures to Medicaid each year, over a 10-year period, by $71 bil-lion. So those who say we are somehow gutting Medicaid or we are cutting Medicaid, I think, they simply have to deal with those facts. I haven’t heard a satisfactory explanation for how you can conclude that somehow we are gut-ting Medicaid or cutting it when we are actually making it sustainable in the long run. Throughout this process, what I have learned is, Senators have a lot of dif-ferent ideas. Everybody has come to the table to try to help make this bet-ter. I would say, unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues have chosen not to participate in the process. This would be a lot easier—and the product we come up with would be a lot more durable over the long haul—if, in fact, Democrats would work with us. The fact is, in this amendment proc-ess we are engaged in, and will be en-gaged in this evening, any Senator, Democrat or Republican, majority, mi-nority party Member, can offer an amendment and get a vote on it. So I don’t really understand why our Demo-cratic colleagues are sitting on their hands and will not participate in the process. I fear what they want is to change nothing about the structure of ObamaCare, notwithstanding the failed experiment of the last 7 years. Then what they want to do is come back and throw money at the insurance compa-nies under these cost-sharing risk pools. We are willing to do what we need to do to stabilize the insurance market, but I am not going to vote for an insurance company bailout without reform. Leader M
CCONNELL reiterated yester-day that our constituents are counting on us. I can tell you, the 28 million Texans I have the great privilege of representing are counting on me and Senator C
RUZto do our part to come up with a solution. The Texan whose pre-miums have tripled and lost his doctor is counting on us. The ER employee who witnessed the emergency room busting at the seams with Medicaid pa-tients—people who ostensibly have cov-erage under Medicaid but who can’t find a doctor who will accept a new Medicaid patient so they end up going to the emergency room—is counting on us. The small business owner who was forced to fire employees to avoid a $100,000 fine, that person is counting on us too. The young woman coming out of nursing school who was forced to change her plan three times, only to end up with a plan with coverage op-tions she didn’t want, at a price she could barely afford, she is counting on us too. My constituents in Texas and Ameri-cans across the country are counting on us. They are sick and tired of the bickering and the lack of productivity here in Washington, DC, and I don’t blame them one bit. They are counting on us to free them from some of ObamaCare’s mandates that force them to make very tough economic deci-sions, like the 28 million people under ObamaCare who either pay a fine— about 6.5 million of them—or, the rest, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.033 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4371 July 27, 2017 
who claim hardship exemptions so they don’t have to buy insurance. But in Texas alone, there are more than 400,000 Texans who earn less than $25,000 a year who can’t afford to buy the insurance. So they pay the fine to the government. So their government fines them for not buying a product they can’t afford. So now is the time to deliver some relief to our constituents. They are counting on us to keep the deeply per-sonal choice of healthcare plans and doctors in their hands and not the Fed-eral Government’s. So it is time to de-liver, and my goal is to make sure we find a solution and get it to the Presi-dent’s desk. One of the most offensive parts of the Affordable Care Act—or we should have called it the un-Affordable Care Act, since premiums have gone up 105 per-cent since 2013 alone—is that people who were told a family of four would see a reduction of $2,500 a year in their premiums have seen their premiums go up by more than $3,000. There are a lot of stories—I am sure even here in this room, in this Chamber—where people simply have seen their premiums go up, up, and up along with their deductibles, basically denying them the benefit of their insurance. But the individual mandate is a prime example of government getting in the way of in-dividual freedom and the right to choose. The so-called individual mandate— we really should call this the penalty that government imposes on its citi-zens for failing to purchase a product they don’t want and, in some cases, don’t even need—forces them to do so at a cost that was crippling and con-tinues to be crippling for many individ-uals and families. Here is a shocking statistic. An esti-mated 8 million Americans pay the fine associated with this mandate each year. Eight million Americans are pe-nalized by their own government, forced to pay a fine that could be used on coverage that might actually suit their needs. If ObamaCare would make it possible that the market could pros-per and insurance companies offered a variety of products at different prices that people could choose from, maybe some of these folks could take the money they are paying their own gov-ernment as a penalty and actually buy insurance coverage. Then there is the employer mandate. This is one of the most pernicious of the mandates. I remember sitting with a friend of mine, who happens to own a small architectural firm in San Anto-nio, back when ObamaCare passed, and I explained to him: If you have more than 50 employees, then you are going to have to buy or provide ObamaCare- compliant healthcare for your employ-ees. He said: Well, I may have to lay off some people because we have 54 em-ployees. So I am going to have to fire at least four of them to get below that 50-person threshold so I can avoid the fine and the insurance that I can’t af-ford to provide for my employees. So this has literally been a job-kill-ing employer mandate. This is not some benign or innocuous requirement. This has been one of the reasons why the economy has been so anemic even since the great recession of 2008, and this is the reason why so many people feel like the economy has not really re-covered, because it hasn’t provided them job opportunities and larger wages. So this mandate has stifled business growth, to be sure, especially among small businesses, which are the primary job engine of our economy. Of-tentimes jobs were cut in order to avoid bankrupting the business through ObamaCare fines. So Americans have been forced by their own government, no less—govern-ment is supposed to serve the people, not the other way around—to live under mandates, taxes, broken prom-ises, and collapsing markets for too long. So this week is about keeping our promises, demonstrating that we can govern, even, unfortunately, without the assistance of our Democratic col-leagues, and paving the way to tackle other important issues, like tax re-form, infrastructure construction— things we need to do to keep the econ-omy growing and moving forward. So we will be hearing more about a possible solution and a way forward, something I call ‘‘the freedom to choose’’ plan, where we free the Amer-ican people from the destructive im-pact of this so-called individual man-date, where we free small employers from the employer mandate, letting them hire the employees they need and not having to choose between that and bankruptcy. And, yes, we are going to push more power out of Washington, DC, and back to the States. I know, based on the public opinion polling I have seen, that people sure trust their States a lot more than they trust Washington, DC, when it comes to healthcare. So we are going to provide the flexibility and tools that the States, the Governors, and the legislators need, as well as the insurance commissioners, to come up with a viable market using resources we are going to provide to them. It would be better if we could all come together to find a solution to en-gage in debate—Republicans and Demo-crats alike—and pass a final product and get it to the President’s desk. That is, actually, how the legislature is sup-posed to function. But unfortunately we are in unusual times, when almost half of the Senate refuses to partici-pate. Actually, they will be actively trying to undermine our efforts to come to the rescue of the people that are hurting as a result of the deception and the failures of ObamaCare. I don’t know how you explain that. You cer-tainly can’t explain it to constituents like I have. I bet you a dollar that every single one of the Senators here who is trying to blow up this process and undermine the progress we are making has constituents back home who are suffering the same way my constituents are, but they are turning a deaf ear to them and saying: You know what, politics and party and ide-ology are more important to me than actually addressing the needs of my constituents. That is what their ac-tions are effectively saying, and it is a shame. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I wish I could stand here today and tell you that the Affordable Care Act, or so- called ObamaCare, had worked. I wish I could sit here and tell you today that the American people were better off as a result of the Affordable Care Act, but I can’t do that, and it gives me no joy in having to make that statement. Now, as you know, Mr. President, not a single Republican voted for the Af-fordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act was passed at President Obama’s suggestion by the Democratic Members of the House and the Senate. They had a majority, and in this body the major-ity rules. I don’t want to ascribe to the President or to our Democratic friends any ill motives whatsoever. They want-ed what was best for the American peo-ple. It wasn’t a question of bad mo-tives. It was just a bad idea. It didn’t work. Let me say this another way. I be-lieve that President Obama and our colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle in the Senate and in the House of Representatives passed ObamaCare with the best of intentions. But, you know what, Mr. President—I know you also happen to be a physi-cian—150 years ago, doctors used to bleed their patients with the best of in-tentions, and they stopped doing that. They did it. They didn’t have any bad motives in doing it. They did it because they thought it would help the patient. It killed many of them. So they stopped doing it. You know we were told when the Af-fordable Care Act, so-called ObamaCare—I don’t mean any dis-respect in calling it ObamaCare. Presi-dent Obama himself refers to it as ObamaCare. When the Democrats in the Congress passed ObamaCare, I re-member well what we were told be-cause I wanted to believe it. The Presi-dent said: If you like your insurance plan, you can keep your insurance plan. I think he meant that at the time. It wasn’t true. It turned out not to be true. The President said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. I think that is what he wanted, but you couldn’t. He said the Affordable Care Act would ‘‘cover every American and cut the cost of a typical family’s premium by up to $2,500 a year.’’ It is not even close. President Obama said ObamaCare would ‘‘bend the cost curve for healthcare’’ without adding ‘‘one dime 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.035 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4372 July 27, 2017 
to the deficit.’’ None of that was true. I think the President meant it at the time. I think he wanted it at the time. I know I did. I know you did, Mr. Presi-dent. But it just turned out not to be true. Now, the simple fact of the matter is—and I think every reasonable person has to conclude—that the Affordable Care Act has not worked for the Amer-ican people. Let’s talk about the exchanges. As you know, Mr. President, there are two parts of the Affordable Care Act. There are the exchanges through which peo-ple go and buy insurance directly from an insurance company, and then there is the Medicaid expansion. I want to talk about the exchanges for a mo-ment. In 2016, under ObamaCare, we started out with 281 insurance companies offer-ing insurance to the American people. That is a good start. The problem is that now we have 141, and they are dropping like flies. In my State of Lou-isiana we are down to three. A third of all of the counties in America have only one choice—one insurance com-pany that will still write insurance— and many of our counties have zero, none, nada, zilch. They can’t get insur-ance at all. They have been given a bus ticket, but there is no bus. As for Louisiana, let me talk just for a moment about my State—our State— Mr. President. In Louisiana, premiums have gone up 123 percent on the ex-changes since 2013. That is an average of a $3,600 increase per plan. Nation-wide, the average ObamaCare plan now costs 105 percent more than when it started. That is $3,000 per person. What is particularly incredible to me, Mr. President—you know these statistics better than I do—in Louisiana we have 136,000 people who, rather than buying insurance off the exchanges, have cho-sen to pay the fine. Let me say that again: 136,000 people in my State have looked at the insurance offered to them, with the subsidies, and have said: We would rather pay the fine. Of that 136,000 who said they would pick the fine instead of the insurance, 84 percent of them make $50,000 or less, 48 percent of them, or half, make $25,000 or less. Now, do you know what that tells me? That tells me that 136,000 people in my State, most of whom are too poor to be sick, looked at the Af-fordable Care Act plan and said: We can’t afford it. We would rather pay the fine. We are better off paying the fine. So they are out of pocket the money for the fine, and they still don’t have insurance. No reasonable person would call that a success. Let me give a couple more examples because we talk around here in con-cepts, and we all know what we are talking about, but average Americans who get up every day and go to work, who obey the law and pay their taxes, who try to do the right things for their kids and try to save money for retire-ment do not have time to deal in con-cepts. They are too busy earning a liv-ing. They just want to know: What kind of health insurance do I have, and what is it going to cost? So let me give some examples right now from Lou-isiana. This is brought to you by the Affordable Care Act. Let’s suppose that I am a 60-year-old, nonsmoking male who is living in Baton Rouge, LA. I am making $50,000 a year. According to healthcare.gov—I did not make this up—the cheapest and most basic plan available to me would cost me $689.14 a month, with a $4,500 deductible, for a grand total of $9,000 a year—deductibles, my out-of-pocket, plus my premiums. Now, I am 60 years old. I am living in Baton Rouge, LA, where the cost of living is not that high, and I am making $50,000. The Federal Government has said: We have a great deal for you. Give us $9,000, and then we might be able to give you some healthcare. For that $9,000, what do I get? Suppose I say: OK. Here is my $9,000. I don’t know where I am going to find it, as I am only making $50,000 a year, and, of course, the government is tak-ing some of that for taxes, but I find $9,000 a year. Do you know what I get? I get four doctor visits, I get two lab tests, and I get nine prescription drugs and additional medical costs for a grand total of $100. That is not insur-ance; that is giving somebody a bus ticket without a bus. All right. Let’s suppose that I am a 50-year-old female. I don’t smoke. I am living in Lafayette, LA, which is to the west of Baton Rouge. I am making $50,000 over in Lafayette. The most basic plan in Lafayette—once again, I am 50 years old. So I am not 60 now; I am 50 years old, a female, and I don’t smoke. The most basic plan, the cheap-est plan I could get would cost me $450 a month in premiums, with a $4,800 de-ductible, for a grand total of $6,550. So I have to go into my pocket for $6,550 before I can get any kind of health in-surance. That is not health insurance. I would remind the Presiding Officer, as he is a physician who has been on the frontlines in caring for people in our charity hospital system in Lou-isiana—and God bless him for that— that the options I describe are the cheap ones. They are the most afford-able ones. That is the best-case sce-nario. Nobody wanted this. I know Presi-dent Obama did not want it to turn out this way. I know our friends on the Democratic side did not. They wanted what was best for America. It was not a bad motive; it was just a bad idea. What do we need? Everybody has his own opinion of that. That is what we are going to try to convince each other of over the next few days as we vote. I will tell you what I think we need. I think that in the healthcare delivery system, we do not need more govern-ment. I know that some of my friends on the Democratic side think they have the solution, and I respect them for all of the time and care they have put into this. Some of my friends on the Demo-cratic side say they have the solution. Government has failed, they will admit. They do not say it very loudly, but they will privately say: We realize the government has failed with ObamaCare. Our prescription to fix it is more government, so let’s go to a single-payer system. Let’s have the Federal Government be in charge of everybody’s healthcare, and let’s let the Federal Government regulate our doctors and our nurses and our hos-pitals and our health insurance compa-nies and our patients and our lab techs like they were utilities. I have lived under a system like that. England has a system like that. You can not name me a single G20 coun-try—not one—that has a single-payer system that is working. It is not the answer. Quickly, because I am running out of time, here is what we need. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. KENNEDY. I will conclude then, Mr. President. I thank him for his time and attention. America needs a healthcare delivery system and deserves it like somebody designed the dadgum thing on purpose. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, there has been a lot of talk here on the Senate floor about this so-called skinny health package, and if you believe the reports, the skinny health package was going to be written today at the Senate Re-publican lunch. On the day that the Senate is supposed to vote, the future of American healthcare may have got-ten an overhaul between the salad course and the entree. I would like to talk a little about where things are and really contrast these reports about the skinny health package with the process that brought together the Affordable Care Act. Our colleague, the Presiding Officer, now serves on the Finance Committee. There were dozens of hearings in the Finance Committee about the Afford-able Care Act, and there were dozens of hearings in the HELP Committee. Both committees had markups that lasted longer than a week and incorporated ideas from both sides. I was a pretty junior member of the Finance Com-mittee at that time, and I remember a flock of Republican amendments being added, in the Finance Committee, to the Affordable Care Act. When the bill came to the floor, the Senate debated it for 25 legislative days. It was the sec-ond-longest consecutive debate in his-tory. We are not seeing anything that re-sembles that today. You have a rush job. So I am going to try to spend a few minutes talking about what comes out when you have a rush job and about some of the red flags that I think my colleagues might want to think about, particularly some on the other side of the aisle who are thinking about vot-ing for this skinny package. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.036 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4373 July 27, 2017 
Any Senator who believes that Med-icaid makes it out of the skinny pack-age without taking a hit ought to take a look again. Senator M
URRAY and I spent a long time in working with the Congressional Budget Office to, in ef-fect, get them to do some analysis of some of the ideas that are part of a CBO package. What the Congressional Budget Office said—and it is the impar-tial, nonpartisan umpire—is that under this skinny package that is not sup-posed to do any harm to Medicaid—and it is on the first page of the CBO re-port—Medicaid gets hit with a $220 bil-lion reduction for over a decade under this so-called skinny proposal. So if you are one of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle who say they really feel strongly about Medicaid and about seniors—Medicaid, we all know, picks up the cost of two out of three nursing home beds, and it covers a wide variety of community-based services. I have loved to watch the develop-ment of those community-based serv-ices. We started them in Oregon back in the days when I was the director of the Gray Panthers. In this so-called skinny budget, ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office, Medicaid would get hit with a $220 billion reduction. I think my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle who are saying ‘‘Hey, the skinny pack-age isn’t going to have any implica-tions for Medicaid’’ would want to take a look at it because I think the Con-gressional Budget Office is saying there really are implications for vulnerable seniors, for kids with special needs, for the disabled, and for all of those Amer-icans who are walking on an economic tightrope every single month in bal-ancing their food costs against their fuel costs and their fuel costs against their health bills. The numbers on skinny repeal show that 16 million Americans will lose coverage and that premiums are going to jump by 20 percent immediately if it becomes law. Industry experts are say-ing there is not any way this can work. It just causes too much bedlam and un-certainty. It is like pouring still more gasoline onto the fires of uncertainty in the marketplace. Republican and Democratic Governors have come out against the skinny bill. By the way, as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee—I guess we have 100 percent of the Sen-ators who are here who serve on the Fi-nance Committee. I do not even see Re-publican Senators making much of an attempt to defend the skinny bill on its merits. In fact, in the halls, many of them seem to be telling folks, includ-ing some folks, I believe, in the press, that they are kind of worried about its becoming law. There are a few directions for this process to take. It is possible that, if you pass it, the House could just take up the skinny repeal and then they could pass it. My guess is that when people around here think about what that means and what those CBO num-bers mean, the premium hikes and the implications for Medicaid, they will look at those CBO numbers and prob-ably get a little heartburn—my Repub-lican colleagues in this Chamber who are thinking about being for this. The other possibility is that passing the skinny repeal bill leads to a con-ference. I am telling you that if it heads to conference, a skinny repeal is sort of a gateway drug to TrumpCare. The fact that a conference is going to fix every problem and solve every dis-agreement is just fantasy. If this gets to conference and if suddenly there is a new Republican replacement plan that everybody likes—that is about as like-ly to happen as my joining the NBA for the upcoming season. Let’s take an honest look at how the debate has unfolded. Republicans have had 7 years to come up with a replacement to the Afford-able Care Act that they can all agree to. Obviously, that has not worked out. In the Senate, the process flatlined until the majority leader began the shell game that has culminated in to-day’s vote. There were not 50 votes for TrumpCare here in the Senate. There were not 50 votes for repeal. That is why a skinny repeal is the only pro-posal left on the table. As I indicated, who knows what was done at the Re-publican lunch today at noon between the salad course and the entree? Yet let’s be clear about what is likely to happen when the House gets in-volved. The guarantees that Members of this body will get to protect their constituents are out the window—kids with disabilities and older people—say, a baby boomer. My colleague in the chair, who is a skilled physician, un-derstands this. You have a baby boom-er who has had a stroke, who is in his late fifties, early sixties, and he is in a nursing home. He is going to really face some challenges in terms of how to be able to afford that care with the kinds of cuts that, on page 1 of the re-port to Senator M
URRAY and me, the CBO has said it believes will take place in Medicaid. We know these rural hospitals are the economic engine of communities. I have made eight stops on a rural healthcare listening tour in my home State, and what we see is, without rural healthcare, you aren’t going to have rural life. It is going to be par-ticularly important because other ef-forts could conceivably result in sen-iors between 55 and 64 paying five times as much as younger people and getting fewer tax credits. Nobody can honestly say that the millions of Americans with preexisting conditions will be shielded from discrimination, and what a step backward that would be. Before the Presiding Officer was here in this body, 14 Senators—7 Democrats and 7 Republicans—joined me in the 2008, 2009 period. Many of them are still here on both sides of the aisle. Repub-licans were a part of the effort and Democrats were a part of the effort. We wrote a bipartisan bill that had air- tight, loophole-free protection for those who have preexisting conditions. We got it in the Affordable Care Act. All of the Senators who joined on that bill ought to feel pretty good about taking a big step to move America away from healthcare that is just for the healthy and wealthy. Now we are talking about the prospect of policies that will walk that back. It is my view that the clear choice for my colleagues who don’t like the risks in skinny repeal and don’t like TrumpCare is to reject the process. It seems to me the surest way to prevent a bill you don’t like from becoming law is to vote against it. Quaint idea: Just vote against it. I want to turn, as well, to another bit of breaking news, which comes from our Parliamentarians who do so much good work, and they have an extraor-dinarily stressful job. Another key part of the Republican plan has been deemed ineligible in the last few hours to move forward via the partisan ap-proach—reconciliation. The decision pertains to a proposal that lets States undo the consumer protections built into insurance marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act. That proposal will not get fast-track privileges or a 50- vote threshold under reconciliation here on the Senate floor. Here is what that section of the bill was all about. I wrote a provision—and, again, our group of 14 bipartisan Sen-ators, seven Democrats and seven Re-publicans, can take credit for this as well—about an issue that the Presiding Officer and I have talked about a num-ber of times: letting the States be the laboratories of democracy, taking the lead on creative health solutions. So out of our bipartisan bill—14 Sen-ators—we said that we are going to give the States the chance to do better. The States would have the chance to do better. When we did it, we got some flak from all over the political spec-trum. But we pushed very hard, and we got it in to the final legislation. It was about providing flexibility to States because so many on both sides of the aisle—my guess is our friend from Pennsylvania, and anyone who is on the Finance Committee, has heard again and again that State officials, business leaders, and others have said: If you just give us the freedom, we can do better. They don’t say: Give us the freedom to let us do worse. They say: Give us the freedom to let us do better. That is what section 1332 was all about. It said that States could chart their own course on healthcare as long as they were going to do better—better for coverage, better for affordability. They made it clear that if you feel you can do better—if the Louisiana Legisla-ture says: We have ideas for what works for Louisiana, which may not necessarily work for Oregon; give us the freedom to go do our thing—that is in the Affordable Care Act, the freedom to do better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.038 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4374 July 27, 2017 
I would be the last person to tell my friend from Louisiana, a skilled physi-cian who has a great interest in health policy—I would be the last person to say: Hey, I am going to dictate to Lou-isiana what an approach involving a waiver should be all about. It is quite the opposite. I am prepared to say to Louisiana, to Pennsylvania, to all of our colleagues, if you have ideas that are going to do better by people—bet-ter coverage, more affordable—God bless you and your constituents. That is what 1332 is all about. We said that all we are going to say is we have to have some basic con-sumer protection here. You can’t just get a waiver and go off and do nothing or just spend the money on some pork kind of project; you have to do better by people—better coverage, more af-fordable coverage, having basic con-sumer protections. The Senate TrumpCare bill tried to basically throw those consumer protections out the window. States would be able to get waivers to opt out of basic consumer protections—basic, plain, vanilla con-sumer protection for coverage and af-fordability. My view was that kind of stuff is a backdoor way to set up junk insurance—junk insurance that wouldn’t cover much more than gauze bandages and aromatherapy. Some people may wonder why this is important today, since the Senate re-soundingly voted down the Better Care Reconciliation Act earlier this week. The answer is that my colleagues on the other side still seem to be trying to shoehorn this scheme for worse cov-erage—not better coverage—under a waiver into the skinny repeal proposal the Senate is going to vote on in a matter of hours. But the decision has come down. The decision has come down from the Parliamentarian that regulatory changes that gut consumer protection, that was right at the heart of that waiver in the Affordable Care Act, isn’t going to fly. And, frankly, I think it calls into question what the Parliamentarian said—it calls into question whether any of these big anti- consumer schemes are going to get 50 votes. So this is yet more uncertainty ahead if Senate Republicans pass this skinny repeal bill and the debate drags on. Now, at the risk of boring our won-derful pages and the staff who have heard me on the floor saying this be-fore, there is a bipartisan approach. I think I have shown my bona fides over the years with respect to bipartisan-ship. I mentioned our universal cov-erage bill—the first time Republicans, Democrats came together and said that this is something where there is com-mon ground because it is common sense. I have worked with colleagues who are perhaps some of the most con-servative Members of the Congress on initiatives to move healthcare forward. That is what I have wanted to dedicate my entire professional service to—bi-partisanship in health. Ever since those days with the Oregon Gray Pan-thers, that is what I always thought was the most important thing because if Senator T
OOMEY , the Presiding Offi-cer, all of our colleagues—all the peo-ple here—if you don’t have your health, then pretty much everything else is up-hill. So healthcare has always been the most important issue—an important issue we have to deal with in a bipar-tisan way. I have said—which is why I wanted to alert the pages and the professional staff about the prospect of true bore-dom and just nodding off through the afternoon—that there is an alternative. If Republicans drop the reconciliation, the our-way-or-the-highway approach, colleagues on this side have said that they want to work on a bipartisan basis. It doesn’t take rocket science to figure out what that needs to be. The first thing that Democrats and Republicans would do is stabilize the private insurance market—the first thing. Everyone over here has said that the Affordable Care Act is far from per-fect. We have colleagues here, includ-ing Senator K
AINE with his reinsurance proposal, Senator S
HAHEEN with her cost-sharing effort, Senator M
CCASKILL  to try to help areas where there is lit-tle or no coverage, and I am certain there are Republicans who have ideas that would be part of a good bipartisan package if we drop this our-way-or-the- highway partisan approach. We ought to be working together to bring down prescription drugs prices. I have spoken on a number of occasions with the Presiding Officer about the fact that literally out of nowhere over the last few years we saw a whole in-dustry develop around prescription drugs, where a bunch of middlemen are supposed to be getting the consumer a good deal on medicine, but nobody knows what they put in their pocket and what they put in the consumers’ pocket. They are called pharma-ceutical benefit managers. So I said: How about a little sunlight on that? How about a little sunshine, the best disinfectant? I sure think people ought to be able to work together on those kinds of things. That, colleagues, is not what is on offer right now. I urge my colleagues to say: We are getting out of this shell game. Nobody has to accept the skinny repeal option or the dictates of the other body. If you are unhappy with the option on the table—and I hope more people will be unhappy now that I have outlined what some of the key considerations are in this Budget Office report Senator M
UR-
RAY and I worked hard to get—I hope some people are going to think again, especially on the other side of the aisle, about voting it down. Twenty percent premium hikes—those go into effect on January 1 of 2018. And I ex-pect we will have more information on it, but I think there are going to be 20- percent hikes after that. That is real. That is not what some interest group made up or some liberal partisan or anybody else who has an ax to grind. That is what our impartial umpire found. So if you are unhappy with a pro-posal with those kinds of options, you ought to vote it down. I want to close by way of echoing a point that so many colleagues on this side have said. This is not about say-ing: Look, we are just against what you want to do. Quite the opposite. For all my time in public service, I have said what I want to do is try to find com-mon ground with people with common sense. Let us defeat this skinny, sham, shell game kind of process that looks like what we are going to be voting on to-night and then get serious about doing what legislators do, which is not take each other’s crummy ideas, but take good ideas and work on them in a bi-partisan way. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on Tues-day, the Vice President cast a tie- breaking vote to move to debate on a healthcare reconciliation bill, the con-tents of which even now remain a mys-tery to most of us. This vote to proceed without a trans-parent path forward underscores a process that has, from the beginning, been politics and policymaking at their worst. You would think that, after 7 years of campaigning to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, the majority would have a plan in place to do just that. In-stead, a dozen or so male, Republican lawmakers met behind closed doors, shielded from public view, to negotiate a grand plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act and make devastating cuts to the Medicaid Program—no hearings, no debate, no process. This is not the path taken when we considered, debated, and approved the Affordable Care Act. This is not the way the Senate, the greatest deliberative body in the world, should conduct such far-reaching and impactful business. This is not the Sen-ate that I know and respect. In spite of multiple drafts and a go- it-alone, hyperpartisan philosophy, the majority leader was still unable to gar-ner enough support within his own Caucus to pass a sweeping healthcare bill. I joined with many Democrats to offer motions to get the Senate back to regular order and have the appropriate committees study the effects of these policies on Medicaid beneficiaries and those with disabilities, on women and children, on seniors and the most vul-nerable, but Republicans voted down those efforts and plowed ahead. During this debate, the Senate has also consid-ered multiple amendments to rewrite the Affordable Care Act. Each of these amendments would have caused tens of millions of Americans to lose insur-ance and would have made it harder for those with preexisting conditions to obtain coverage. When those amend-ments failed, the Republican leadership attempted to fully repeal the Afford-able Care Act. That did not work ei-ther. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.039 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4375 July 27, 2017 
The collapse of these ideas should have resulted in a renewed spirit of bi-partisanship, where we could work to-gether to stabilize and improve the health insurance markets. Instead, the Republican majority is so intent on voting on anything, that we are consid-ering voting to repeal two or three policies from the Affordable Care Act solely in order to get something through the Senate and into conference with the House. This is nothing more than legislative malpractice. We are presumably considering a bill that will devastate our health insurance mar-kets, and the best reason the Repub-licans can come up with for supporting final passage is ‘‘because we said we would.’’ The notion that this majority would reduce themselves—and the Senate—to finding the lowest common denomi-nator in order to move ahead with a policy of this magnitude is not only ab-surd, it is dangerous. While all the versions of the Republican plans we have seen differ slightly, they all have the same, basic structure. Let’s call these plans what they are: a massive tax cut for the wealthy on the backs of pregnant women, children, and the dis-abled who depend upon Medicaid for their health coverage. It is a tax plan in the guise of a health plan. We are considering massive entitlement re-form bills that the Republican major-ity is trying to sell as fixes to the Af-fordable Care Act, but we know that these bills would fix nothing and would instead create tremendous new chal-lenges. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, each of the various Republican proposals would cause at least 22 million people to lose their health insurance. For instance, the CBO projected that the Senate Re-publican’s first proposal would result in marketplace enrollees paying on av-erage 74 percent more towards their premiums for a plan in 2020 than under current law. Another proposal offered by the majority would result in higher deductibles, rising from $3,600 under current law to $6,000. Under this one proposal, Americans would be expected to pay more money for less care. And as if the Medicaid cuts in the House bill were not deep enough—which caused the President to call the bill ‘‘mean’’—another Senate Republican proposal would double down and even deepen Medicaid cuts beginning in 2025. The Senate’s proposals have certainly not been less ‘‘mean’’ than the House bill. If anything, the Senate’s bills are meaner. In Vermont, the effects of any of these bills would be disastrous. Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, Vermont has made exceptional progress to cut the rate of uninsured Vermonters by half. The number of un-insured Vermonters is now less than 4 percent. Because of the Medicaid Pro-gram and the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, known as Dr. Dynasaur in Vermont, 99 percent of children have health insurance in our State. TrumpCare, in any version, places Vermont’s progress at risk. Vermont has also worked on new and innovative ways of delivering healthcare, which has brought down costs and increased coordination of care. One of the most significant ways Vermont has done this is through ex-isting flexibility in Medicaid. It is through the Medicaid Program that Vermont has offered comprehensive treatment and counseling services for those suffering with opioid addition. In Vermont, 68 percent of those receiving medication-assisted treatment for opioid addiction are Medicaid recipi-ents. If hundreds of billions of dollars are cut from the Medicaid Program, States will be forced to limit coverage, jeopardizing Vermont’s ability to over-come this crisis. Provisions that cap Medicaid spending do not create ‘‘flexi-bility’’ in Medicaid. This policy would instead force States to ration care. This spring, I met a Vermont mother who has two young daughters. Both of her daughters suffer from cystic fibro-sis. Luckily, they have the disease mu-tation that allows them to benefit from new drug therapies, but it is because of Medicaid that they have the resources necessary to afford the $20,000 per month that it costs to provide medica-tion for each of her children. How can we tell this mother that her daughters might no longer be able to take this medication because of fiscal con-straints in Medicaid? How can we tell future children who should have access to Medicaid that it was more impor-tant to give the wealthiest Americans a tax cut? I heard from another woman in Nor-wich who shared this story with me: ‘‘Five years ago, both on the same day, my husband and I were diagnosed with cancer. The fact that we are both alive today is entirely thanks to President Obama. My treatment alone involved two hospital admissions, four months of chemotherapy, and fourteen sur-geries. I still take drugs every day. There is no way we could have afforded any of this without Obamacare. Before the ACA, our health insurance costs— both premiums and deductibles—were sky high. My husband and I used to avoid going to the doctor, reserving that luxury for our three children. Without Obamacare, it’s entirely pos-sible that we wouldn’t have had the check-ups that led to our diagnoses.’’ These TrumpCare proposals are not healthcare bills. A true healthcare bill would not kick millions of Americans off health insurance. A true healthcare bill would not allow insurance compa-nies to charge people more for less cov-erage. A true healthcare bill would not move us backwards to a time when healthcare was unaffordable. Instead, we should be working on proposals that improve our existing system. Where there are deficiencies, let’s fix them. Where we can find com-mon ground, let’s act. One of the first things we should do is stabilize the in-surance market by making cost-shar-ing payments permanent. We should also be working to reduce the cost of prescription drugs, which is why I have introduced a bill, along with Senator Grassley, that would help reduce drug costs by helping generic alternatives come to market faster. The American people expect us to work on real solu-tions. We should not be voting on a cobbled together plan where the pri-mary goal seems to be to get to 50 votes, rather than actually improving our health insurance system. Impor-tantly, no Member should vote on a proposal unveiled at the eleventh hour, with no debate—a proposal that will impact such a large component of our economy and tens of millions of Ameri-cans. Was the Affordable Care Act abso-lutely perfect when it was passed? No, and we acknowledged the need for con-tinual improvement as the ACA would be implemented. Unlike other impor-tant social programs that have been created over the years—such as Social Security and Medicare—Republicans have not allowed us the opportunity to improve, strengthen, and perfect it over time. Those programs were also not perfect, but instead of playing par-tisan games, Republicans and Demo-crats came together to get something done, time and time again. We did not vote to repeal the Social Security Act. No, we came together and we discussed what needed to be done to better help the American people, not unravel their safety net. I hope that we can end this dangerous exercise and move forward in a respon-sible way. Let us act on the best inter-ests of our constituents and not resort to cynical, bumper-sticker politicking. At its best, the Senate has been able to act as the conscience of the Nation. I hope now is such a time and that the Senate will rise to the occasion to de-feat this harmful bill. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I had previously submitted to the R
ECORD my intention to submit a mo-tion to H.R. 1628 regarding the Preven-tion and Public Health Fund. That mo-tion was also supported by Senator N
ELSON . Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions that would repeal the med-ical loss ratio and allow insurers to spend less of their revenue from premiums on pro-viding high quality medical care and more on corporate profits and administrative over-head. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.035 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4376 July 27, 2017 
There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Hirono moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill will not result in the loss of health care coverage, increased out-of-pocket health care costs, or increased taxes for any individual in the State of Ha-waii, with such changes maintaining the def-icit neutrality of the bill over the 10-year budget window. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Hirono moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) provide that, for each calendar year that begins after the date of enactment, each State shall provide medical assistance through the State Medicaid program to any individual residing in the State who is be-tween 50 and 64 years of age and who dem-onstrates that the least expensive private health insurance coverage available to such individual would require the individual to pay premiums that would exceed 9.5 percent of such individual’s income. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Hirono moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) provide that, for each calendar year that begins after the date of enactment— (A) each State shall provide medical assist-ance through the State Medicaid program to any individual residing in the State who is between 50 and 64 years of age and who dem-onstrates that the least expensive private health insurance coverage available to such individual would require the individual to pay premiums that would exceed 9.5 percent of such individual’s income; and (B) The Federal medical assistance per-centage applicable to medical assistance pro-vided by a State under the State Medicaid program to individuals described in para-graph (1) shall be equal to 100 percent. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Hirono moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not count-ing any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would prohibit tax credits from being used for a qualified health plan which has an annual or lifetime cap on benefits, or any plan which does not cover all necessary treatment for a condition until cured (including rehabilitation or re-construction procedures). 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Hirono moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that any child who is enrolled in a State Medicaid program shall not be disenrolled from such program without proof that the child has alternative insurance cov-erage that is equally affordable and that pro-vides at least the same level of coverage. 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of these motions to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure the reduction of infant mor-tality. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill will not reduce funding for, or otherwise harm, rural tele-health programs. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike any provision in the bill that re-sults in decreased access to preventive or primary care services for low-income chil-dren. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike any provision in the bill that re-sults in decreased access to habilitative or rehabilitative services for children with dis-abilities or children with medically complex needs. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . This motion would commit the bill to the Finance Committee with instruc-tions to eliminate all provisions that would increase healthcare costs for the middle class and those struggling to get into the middle class. I am offering this motion because healthcare costs are already too high for hard-working Ohioans, and this bill would make them even higher. We ought to be working to bring down costs; yet as my colleague Senator HELLER said, there is nothing in this bill that would lower premiums. The first test of a bill should be, do no harm so I would hope all my col-leagues will join me in ensuring that any bill that comes out of this body doesn’t saddle working families with higher healthcare bills. My motion is supported by the fol-lowing Senators: B
ALDWIN , B
LUMENTHAL , W HITEHOUSE , H IRONO , F
EINSTEIN , LEAHY , VANHOLLEN , HAR-
RIS, FRANKEN , CARPER , UDALL , COONS , M
ENENDEZ , DUCKWORTH , DURBIN , REED, S
TABENOW , W ARREN , BOOKER , NELSON , and K
LOBUCHAR . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Brown moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that will increase health costs for the middle class and those struggling to get into the middle class. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the rec-onciliation bill to the Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions, HELP, Committee with instructions to ensure the bill does not harm or reduce the size of the individual health insurance market risk pool in any State. I am offering this motion to ensure that the healthcare bill does no harm to the States’ individual and small business health insurance markets by fracturing or reducing insurance mar-ket risk pools in ways that would drive up health insurance premiums and deductibles for older Americans or Americans with preexisting conditions. The following Senators support my motion to commit: Senators C
OONS and S
HAHEEN . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Carper moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill does not weaken or reduce the size of the individual market risk pool in any State. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the rec-onciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to ensure the bill includes reforms to our healthcare system that lower healthcare costs and improve health outcomes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.004 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4377 July 27, 2017 
I am offering this motion because the healthcare bills before us make dev-astating changes to our country’s healthcare system that endanger Americans’ access to healthcare and raise healthcare costs for all Ameri-cans, but contains no commonsense re-forms to our healthcare system that drive down underlying healthcare costs and improves health outcomes. Mil-lions of Americans wrestle with unaffordable healthcare costs and our fee-for-service healthcare system re-mains inefficient and wasteful. Instead of passing the buck to States and re-ducing access to healthcare for low- and middle-income Americans, we should be focusing on reforms that can improve the healthcare system and lower healthcare costs for all Ameri-cans. The following Senators support my motion to commit: Senators C
OONS and S
HAHEEN . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to com-mit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Carper moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill improves health outcomes and lowers health care costs. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators L
EAHY , S HAHEEN , V ANHOLLEN , and W
ARREN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Markey moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would reduce the Federal Government’s financial commit-ment to currently active and successful Med-icaid waivers under section 1115 of the Social Security Act that are promoting the objec-tives of title XIX of such Act. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The mo-tion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Coons moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes to pro-hibit a State through a waiver from allowing annual and lifetime limits to be applied by a health insurance issuer with respect to any essential health benefit defined by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services under section 1302(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(b)). Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The mo-tion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Coons moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) require the President to notify in writ-ing any individual who receives a cut in health care benefits, lower quality health in-surance, or loses health insurance altogether that these changes are the result of H.R. 1628, the Trumpcare bill. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The mo-tion is supported by Senators D
URBIN , B
LUMENTHAL , BALDWIN , and B ROWN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Coons moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) ensure that States that elect to waive essential health benefits under section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act provide for new essential health benefits that provide at least a level of cov-erage that is equal to the essential health benefits coverage of Members of Congress. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The mo-tion is supported by Senators V
ANHOL-
LEN, BALDWIN , BROWN , LEAHY , HARRIS , F
RANKEN , STABENOW , CARPER , UDALL , H
IRONO , M ENENDEZ , R EED, D URBIN , W
ARREN , B LUMENTHAL , D UCKWORTH , M
ARKEY , FEINSTEIN , KLOBUCHAR , and S
HAHEEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Coons moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill increases the num-ber of Americans with health coverage rath-er than stripping millions of coverage. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The mo-tion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and M ENENDEZ . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Coons moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not count-ing any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) expand the credit for employee health insurance expenses of small employers to in-clude employers with a greater number of employees, to extend the credit period, and to increase other limitations under the cred-it. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out-of-pocket costs for individuals with rare diseases. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would desta-bilize health insurance markets. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out of pocket costs for Americans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out of pocket costs for Americans with Alzheimer’s disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.006 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4378 July 27, 2017 
Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out-of-pocket costs for pediatric cancer patients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out of pocket costs for Americans older than 55 years. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out-of-pocket costs for disabled veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out-of-pocket costs for individuals with mental health or sub-stance use disorders. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out-of-pocket costs for individuals with breast cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. M
URPHY moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would lead to increased premiums and out-of-pocket costs for domestic violence victims. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD to in-struct the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions to report back with changes that ensure the bill includes a provision establishing a ro-bust public health insurance option that is affordable and high quality, that provides comprehensive benefits, and that may be offered on the Federal and State exchanges. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Sanders moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill includes a provision establishing a robust public health insurance option that is affordable and high-quality, that provides comprehensive benefits, and that may be offered on the Federal and State Exchanges. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD to in-struct the Committee on Finance to re-port back with changes that ensure that no provision in the bill will reduce or eliminate the amount of Medicaid funding provided to schools under cur-rent law. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Sanders moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no provision in the bill will reduce or eliminate the amount of Medicaid funding provided to schools under current law. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD to in-struct the Committee on Finance to re-port back with changes that ensure the bill includes a provision to lower the eligibility age for Medicare benefits to age 55. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Sanders moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill includes a provision to lower the eligibility age for Medicare ben-efits under title XVIII of the Social Security Act to 55 years of age. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628. I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD and that the R
ECORD acknowledge the sup-port of this motion by Senators U
DALL , C
ANTWELL , CORTEZ MASTO , HEINRICH , F
RANKEN , MURRAY , MERKLEY , SCHATZ , S
TABENOW , and T ESTER . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Heitkamp moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) provide that any reduction or limita-tion of Federal payments to help cover the cost of private health insurance not apply with respect to private health insurance pur-chased by American Indians or Alaska Na-tives; and (3) provide that any reduction or limita-tion of Federal payments for spending under the Medicaid program shall not apply with respect to services provided by the Indian Health Service, an Indian Health Program, an Urban Indian Organization, or Indian tribes or other tribal organizations, or with respect to services provided to individuals who are American Indians or Alaska Natives. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD to in-struct the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions to report back with changes that are based on hearings held by the committee. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Sanders moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the juris-diction of such Committee based on hearings held by the Committee. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Markey moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with the following amendment (inserted at the appro-priate place): 
SEC. ll. REGULAR ORDER. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, nothing in this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, shall take ef-fect until the both the Senate and the House of Representatives pass this Act through reg-ular order. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Markey moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with the following amendment (inserted at the appro-priate place): 
SEC. ll. REQUIREMENT TO HOLD CONFERENCE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provision of this Act, including any amendment made by this Act, shall take ef-fect until a bipartisan conference has been convened and produced a conference report with respect to this Act, and such conference report has passed the Senate and the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.007 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4379 July 27, 2017 
of Representatives. The conference com-mittee shall hold multiple public meetings and consider the input of stakeholders. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Hirono moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would strike any provisions that re-strict or prohibit Federal funding to Planned Parenthood health centers or other high quality family planning providers, or dis-criminate against providers based on the provision of constitutionally protected re-productive health care. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with HIV. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Autism. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Asthma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with breast cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with pancreatic cancer. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for children with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for in-dividuals with pre-existing conditions. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for in-fants. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for Veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for pregnant women. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Diabetes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for children ages 3–10. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for par-ents of infants. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for Vietnam War Veterans. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for Veterans of the Wars in Afghanistan. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for Veterans of the Wars in Iraq. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for World War II Veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for So-cial Security recipients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for Medicare beneficiaries. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with brain cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.012 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4380 July 27, 2017 
the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Leukemia. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with cervical cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with colorectal cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Lymphoma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Lung cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Melanoma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with ovarian cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with prostate cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Alzheimer’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Cerebral Palsy. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Cystic Fibrosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Crohn’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with ulcerative colitis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Lupus. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Rheumatoid arthritis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with AIDS. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with multiple sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Muscular Dystrophy. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Parkinson’s. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for peo-ple with Lou Gehrig’s Disease (ALS). M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could result in the loss of health insurance coverage for Ko-rean War Veterans. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the rec-onciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to report the bill back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would strike any provision that would eliminate, limit access to, or re-duce the affordability of pediatric den-tal services by repeal all or part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, ACA, or otherwise negatively im-pact children’s access to coverage or such services. I am offering this motion because the Finance Committee should review the implications of depriving millions of children of access to dental care. An es-timated one of five children aged 5 to 11 years and one of seven adolescents aged 12 to 19 years in the U.S. have at least one untreated decayed tooth. Consequently, tooth decay has led to 51 million school hours lost annually, and related dental disease can cost billions to our healthcare infrastructure. Early childhood cavities and related oral health complications also dispropor-tionately affect low-income families and minority communities. The ACA has expanded access to den-tal services nationwide by designating pediatric dental services as one of the essential health benefits. Expanding access to affordable dental benefits is essential to securing the health and well-being of our children. Many have heard me speak before about the tragic loss of Deamonte Driver, a 12-year-old Prince George’s County resident, in 2007. Deamonte’s death was particu-larly heartbreaking because it was en-tirely preventable. What started out as a toothache turned into a severe brain infection that could have been pre-vented by an $80 extraction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.015 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4381 July 27, 2017 
We cannot let what happen to Deamonte happen again. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Cardin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would strike any provision that would— (A) eliminate, limit access to, or reduce the affordability of pediatric dental services by repealing all or part of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, or (B) otherwise negatively impact children’s access to coverage of such services. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the rec-onciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to report the bill back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would eliminate or reduce access to affordable preventive services that are currently offered without copay-ment or cost-sharing under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, ACA, including blood pressure screen-ing, colorectal screening, breast cancer screening, cervical cancer screening and domestic and interpersonal vio-lence screening and counseling. I am offering this motion because the Finance Committee should review the implications of reducing access to af-fordable preventative services to mil-lions of Americans. A key provision of the ACA is the requirement that pri-vate insurance plans cover rec-ommended preventive services without any patient cost-sharing. Chronic dis-eases, such as heart disease, cancer, and diabetes, are responsible for 7 of every 10 deaths among Americans each year and account for 75 percent of the Nation’s health spending. Research has shown that evidence-based preventive services can save lives and improve health by identifying illnesses earlier, managing them more effectively, and treating them before they develop into more complicated, debilitating condi-tions. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Cardin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would strike any provisions that would eliminate or reduce access to affordable pre-ventive services that are currently offered without copayment or cost-sharing under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including blood pressure screening, colorectal screening, breast cancer screen-ing, cervical cancer screening and domestic and interpersonal violence screening and counseling. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the rec-onciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to report the bill back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would strike any provision that would eliminate, limit access to, or re-duce the affordability of health serv-ices for homeless individuals. I am offering this motion because the Finance Committee should review the implications of depriving millions of children of access to dental care. On any single night, over 500,000 people ex-perience homelessness. On any single night over 50,000 of these individuals are homeless veterans. Many individ-uals experiencing homelessness have significant healthcare needs and may suffer from mental health conditions, substance use disorders, and chronic diseases like diabetes, asthma, and hy-pertension. Without access to health services, individuals tend to use hos-pitals and emergency departments at high rates, driving up overall healthcare costs. The Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, ACA, has greatly decreased the uninsured rate among homeless individuals, leading to better health outcomes, and creating stability in the individual’s life. Health centers that treat the poor and home-less in States that expanded Medicaid report that 80 or 90 percent of their pa-tients are now covered by insurance. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Cardin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would strike any provisions that would eliminate or reduce access to health services for homeless individuals. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the rec-onciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to report the bill back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would strike any provisions that would eliminate or reduce access to mental health services and substance abuse treatments. I am offering this motion because the Finance Committee should review the implications of reducing access to men-tal health services and substance use treatment to millions of Americans. An estimated 43.6 million Americans ages 18 and up experience some form of mental health condition, and over 20 million adults have a substance use disorder. Of these, over 8 million have both a mental health condition and a substance use disorder. That Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, ACA, has been vital to giving these in-dividuals access to affordable treat-ment options where they had none be-fore. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Cardin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would strike any provisions that would eliminate or reduce access to mental health services and substance abuse treatments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the healthcare topic for 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I am going to speak mostly about some Med-icaid reforms that were proposed in the BCRA, but in the course of the discus-sion, I am going to touch on some of the issues that our colleague who just finished raised. As we know, the BCRA bill is not going to be the vehicle we will take to a conference committee with the House, but I hope we will get to a con-ference committee with the House, and I hope the result of that, among other things, is that we will address the need to make important reforms to Med-icaid because they are long overdue. I will start with a chart which illus-trates our Federal deficits and what ex-actly is driving our Federal deficits. The fact is—I think we all know here— we have two big categories of Federal spending. One is the discretionary spending which Congress approves at Congress’s discretion every year. The other category is the programs on autopilot—programs where spending is driven by a person’s eligibility for the program without Congress acting in any way. That latter category we call manda-tory spending. In 1980, that was only 50 percent of the Federal budget. By 1995, it was 64 percent. Last year, it was 70 percent of our entire budget, and we are on a path to have these mandatory spending—the blue line. We can see the growth in mandatory spending. We can see the relative lack of growth in the other categories of spending, be it de-fense or nondefense discretionary spending. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.024 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4382 July 27, 2017 
The budgetary problem we have is mandatory spending. This is not break-ing news. This is nothing that is con-troversial. Anybody who has taken an honest look at the numbers can come to no other conclusion. The discre-tionary portion of the budget, which used to be the lion’s share of the budg-et, has been relatively flat. Actually, it has even declined in recent years. The mandatory spending has been going through the roof. Of course, there are multiple prob-lems with this, not the least of which is—at this kind of growth in manda-tory spending—the first thing it does is it squeezes out all other categories of spending. We are already living through that, as the discretionary spending—including on our Nation’s defense—has been declining because you can’t do so much of both, but in time you could zero out all the discre-tionary spending, and there still will not be enough for all the mandatory spending which is coming our way if we stay on the path we are on. Where is all this mandatory spending coming from? The next chart shows that pretty clearly. The bulk of manda-tory spending, especially in recent years, is from Medicaid. The reason I say that is, Social Security is a big program, but Social Security has a dedicated revenue stream. The payroll tax historically used to cover all of it. For a while there, it covered more than the ongoing payments for Social Secu-rity. While that fluctuated when we suspended the payroll tax, by and large, the payroll tax pays most of the Social Security costs that we have day- to-day. Medicare also has a revenue stream that is dedicated from payroll taxes, but it doesn’t cover nearly as large a percentage of the Medicare costs as So-cial Security so we see the green line generally is higher than the blue line. The line which is higher than all by far is the Medicaid line because there is no dedicated revenue stream to Med-icaid, and the net expense, therefore, is by far the biggest of all our entitle-ment programs. Medicaid has been growing at a real-ly shocking rate for years. In 1980, Medicaid spending was only 2.4 percent of our budget, a half a percent of our economy; by 1995, it was almost 6 per-cent of our budget; and today it is 10 percent of our whole budget, 17 percent of all healthcare spending. So this is happening because Medicaid is growing much faster than our economy is grow-ing. The fact is, no Federal program can grow faster than the economy indefi-nitely because the economy has to fund the entire Federal Government. Hope-fully, funding the government is only a portion of what our economy is doing. The main purpose of our economy is to provide a livelihood for the people who create it, but Medicaid, as we can see, is growing at a staggering rate com-pared to our economy as measured by GDP. This picture right here summarizes, really, for me the very definition of an unsustainable Federal program because as it continues to grow at a rate that is much greater than our economy, it necessarily is consuming an ever great-er percentage, an ever greater portion of our economy and our Federal budg-et. Nothing can grow faster than our economy indefinitely. It is just arith-metic. Eventually, it would become bigger than the economy, which is ob-viously an impossibility, and long be-fore that happened, it would cause a fiscal crisis. This is the very essence of what is unsustainable. You don’t have to take my word for it, and I am certainly not the first per-son to observe this. We could take the words of Democratic President Bill Clinton, who told us this very thing. Back in 1995, President William Jeffer-son Clinton said: 
We all now, looking ahead, know that our number one entitlement problem is Medicare and Medicaid. They are growing much more rapidly than the rate of inflation plus popu-lation. 
Now, President Bill Clinton wasn’t making this point because he is some kind of ideologue who wants to get rid of Medicaid. I don’t think he has ever been accused of that. It is not because he has some passionate ideological commitment to reducing the size of government. I don’t think he has ever been accused of that. I think Bill Clin-ton was making this point because he knew this program was unsustainable, and he wanted to reform it so it would be sustainable, so our Federal budget would be sustainable, so Medicaid would be there for the next generation. I think that was Bill Clinton’s motiva-tion at the time. So what was his solution? What was it that Bill Clinton thought we ought to do about this program that was unsustainable? President Bill Clinton suggested the Federal Government put caps on the amount of money it would contribute to the States based on the number of individuals enrolled. In other words, it was a per beneficiary limit on the Fed-eral contribution. That was what Bill Clinton proposed in 1995. He wanted to maintain the eligibility of individuals to participate in the program, but he wanted to put limits on what the Fed-eral Government’s share would be. He wanted to have it grow at about the rate the economy would grow so you wouldn’t continue to have this wildly accelerating line relative to this mod-est growth line but that the two lines would converge, because then, as Bill Clinton knew, the program would be sustainable over time. We would be able to afford it. One might wonder, what did Congress think of this idea at the time. This is 1995. Bill Clinton came along and said: Let’s establish per beneficiary caps on Medicaid expenditures by the Federal Government, and let’s limit the growth of those caps to about the growth of the economy. That was Bill Clinton’s idea. Helpfully, the Democrats, who con-trolled the Senate, decided to weigh in on the matter, and on December 13, 1995, Senator PATTY MURRAY —who serves with us today—submitted a let-ter to the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . I am going to read a very brief comment she made when she submitted this for the R
ECORD . The senior Senator from Washington, P
ATTY MURRAY , said: 
Mr. President, I hold in my hand today a letter to President Clinton that is signed by all 46 members of the Democratic Caucus. This letter urges him to hold firm to our commitment to basic health care for chil-dren, pregnant women, the elderly, and the disabled in this country. This letter supports a per capita cap approach to finding savings in the Medicaid program. 
It was signed by every single Demo-cratic Senator. They expressed their strong support for the Medicaid per capita cap structure. I want to be very specific about this because as they developed the particu-lars, they decided the cap should not grow at an index that was tied to healthcare spending. They wanted it to be tied to an index which would grow at the rate of the economy overall, and they proposed it would go into effect the very next year. They didn’t want to wait. They didn’t want to have a tran-sition. They didn’t want it to be grad-ual. They wanted it to go into effect the next year. They proposed imple-menting the changes for the very next fiscal year. So you can imagine that some of us are a little bit surprised by the shrill, over-the-top attacks we have been hearing from the other side. We Repub-licans have been accused of launching a war on Medicaid. We have been accused of draconian cuts. We have been ac-cused of wanting to decimate healthcare for the most vulnerable. We could go on. As you and I both know, all across this country, on this floor, in every form imaginable, our Democratic colleagues have attacked Republicans for the proposal in the BCRA bill we have been considering. What is really so outrageous about this is, we proposed the Democratic so-lution. What we proposed was Bill Clin-ton’s idea, as ratified by every single Democrat serving in the Senate at the time, including several who are still with us today. We proposed that we take Medicaid and restructure it the way the Federal Government reim-burses States for their expenses so that we would put caps on the amount the Federal Government would contribute per beneficiary. We would allow the caps to grow, but just as President Clinton and all the Democrats in the Senate suggested, we would make sure that growth eventually converged to the growth of our economy so we would have a sustainable program. There are two big differences between what the Democrats proposed in the mid-1990s and what many of us have proposed these last few weeks: One, we proposed that the change occur more gradually. We suggested that we would implement these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.042 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4383 July 27, 2017 
changes, but we do it over time, not suddenly, the way they had proposed it. The other big difference, I would sug-gest, is they proposed this structural change to Medicaid before ObamaCare came along and made an unsustainable program worse. We are proposing it in the aftermath of that huge problem. I get our Democratic colleagues have done a 180 reversal. I get they no longer acknowledge that this is unsustainable. I get that they don’t want to do anything about entitle-ments. I understand all that. You are entitled to change your opinion, you are entitled to decide you want to ig-nore this issue, but it is a little bit over the top to attack our motives, our integrity, when we are proposing ex-actly what they themselves proposed just a few years ago under President Clinton. I wish we could have a substantive discussion about the policy without the character attacks. Let me get into a little bit more about these changes to Medicaid. As the Presiding Officer very well knows, traditionally, Medicaid was available, from the time the program was launched, to four categories of Americans—four categories of people who were of very low income and were deemed to be unable to purchase healthcare for themselves. Those are the elderly poor, disabled, blind and disabled children, and adults with de-pendents. So the program set up a part-nership with the States—a generous partnership. The Federal Government has always paid a majority of the costs, ranging anywhere in some States as high as 75 percent of the costs and no State less than 50 percent—on aver-age, 57 percent. ObamaCare came along and created a new category of eligibility. Under President Obama, for the first time— under ObamaCare—a new category was created; that is, adults, working-aged, able-bodied people with no dependents, would now be eligible for Medicaid if their income was below 138 percent of the poverty line. The Federal Govern-ment would pay all of the costs ini-tially, and then after a short period of time, it would go to 90 percent. Then the Federal Government would pay 90 percent in perpetuity. Well, there are a few problems with this design. The most fundamental and obvious is the Federal Government couldn’t afford this. We were not on a sustainable path before, and now we have created this whole new liability which can only make it worse and bring a fiscal crisis closer to the present. The second thing is, when States have no skin in the game, we find out they behave as though they have no skin in the game. When States have to contribute only 10 percent of the cost— think about it. Every dollar a State spends in this category gets matched with nine Federal dollars, nine free dollars. That is a huge incentive to spend a lot, and guess what. That is ex-actly what they have done. Medicaid spending in this category has ended up being over 50 percent more than what was expected. So what did the Senate propose in our legislation? We proposed not that we would disallow this coverage, not that we would eliminate this category of eligibility, not that we would throw a single person off Medicaid—we have said, in fact, we will codify the expan-sion. We will make it permanent. No one loses eligibility, no one gets thrown off. What we will do is gradually, over 7 years, we will ask States to pay their fair share for this new category—this expansion category, the able-bodied adults with no dependents. We will ask the States to pay the same amount for these folks that they pay for the tradi-tional four categories of eligibility. That is the first category. The second reform we proposed is what I alluded to earlier, the Bill Clin-ton-Democratic Senate proposal of es-tablishing per beneficiary caps. That was in our legislation. What the under-lying Senate bill did was allow the spending to grow very rapidly on those caps. Only in the eighth year did we ask that the growth rate slow down slightly so we would have a reasonable chance so the growth in the program would be about the same as the econ-omy. That is what we proposed. That is what was in the bill. That is what we have been hearing about—all of these draconian cuts. Let’s get to the discussion about these cuts. We have another chart that illustrates this because it has been a favorite theme for some of my col-leagues on the other side to talk about all of these cuts. If you look at the CBO score—again, this is the Senate BCRA, the legisla-tion on which we didn’t get enough votes this week to pass, but I hope we will revisit it—the largest of the so- called cuts in Medicaid spending comes from CBO’s assumption that if you re-peal the individual mandate—the stat-ute that says you must buy insurance, you must have insurance—millions of people on Medicaid, millions of people who did get free health insurance, will decide: Oh, I don’t want free health in-surance anymore. If I am not being forced to buy it, I am not going to take free healthcare. Why would I do that? I don’t know about you, but that is a little counterintuitive to me. To my friend from Oregon who is attacking the so-called skinny bill, 100 percent of the so-called Medicaid cuts in that bill come from exactly this source. The as-sumption is that, if people are not forced by the government to have in-surance, they will not want Medicaid. You can decide how much credibility you want to put in that assumption. It strikes me as ridiculous, but that is the truth. That is the reality of the so- called CBO cuts in Medicaid. In the BCRA, that was only the lion’s share of the so-called cuts. Another category of so-called cuts to Medicaid in the CBO analysis of the BCRA are their assumptions about expansion. They decide that under current law, if nothing else happens, a whole lot of States will choose to become Medicaid expansion States. They haven’t made that choice yet. They can’t point to which ones. It is a political decision in the various States. They don’t know who is going to be leading those States. They have no idea about how that would happen, but yet they predict States that have cho-sen thus far not to be Medicaid expan-sion States would adopt the expansion under current law. If we passed the law that was proposed earlier, those States would not make that decision. Further-more, some States that have expanded will rescind the decision to expand. Any honest person, including the folks at the CBO, have to acknowledge that this is entirely speculative. They can’t name a single State that will ex-pand under the current law but hasn’t yet. They can’t name a single State that would rescind its expansion hav-ing already done so. They are just spec-ulating that could happen. That, my friends, is the lion’s share of the CBO’s headline numbers about all these cuts in Medicaid. Let me go to chart 5. Despite that, even if you accept the CBO’s unbeliev-able assumptions that people only par-ticipate in Medicaid if they are forced to and that these mysterious States will expand and others will not—these are the draconian cuts—each and every year, under the BCRA, Federal spend-ing on Medicaid grows. It grows every year—every single year. It is only in Washington that spending can increase every year, and it is a draconian cut. No, the truth of the matter is that what we do under that legislation is that we slow down the rate of growth. We slow the rate at which the program grows to a rate that is sustainable, so that this program is viable, so that we are diminishing the certainty of a fis-cal crisis. That is what we do. If somebody has a better idea for how we put Medicaid on a sustainable path, I am all ears. I would love to hear it. In the 1990s, our Democratic colleagues proposed exactly what we are pro-posing now. That was a very construc-tive idea. Unfortunately, there wasn’t a consensus to do it, and that is a shame. I urge my Democratic colleagues to go back to their notes, to go back to the discussion, to go back to the argu-ments they were making together with President Bill Clinton on the floor of this Senate and around the country about Medicaid, because we are making those arguments now. You would think we might be able to find some common ground. The fact is that Medicaid is a very, very important program. The most vul-nerable Americans depend on Medicaid to a very significant degree. The fact is that, in its current form, it is unsustainable. Our Democratic col-leagues in the past used to recognize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.043 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4384 July 27, 2017 
this. They used to acknowledge this, and they used to want to do something about it. I urge them to return to that attitude so that we can work together and get something done. The sooner we act on this, the sooner we can have gradual, sensible, thought-ful reforms that make the program sus-tainable and allow our States to plan for these changes and allow for a tran-sition. If we wait too long, the fiscal crisis that will hit us will force sudden and draconian changes. We are not going to vote on this pro-vision today. This was embedded in the BCRA. That is behind us this week, but it is my hope that we will pass a version of ObamaCare repeal that will enable to us to go to conference and that we will be able to begin to repair the enormous damage to the individual markets that ObamaCare has done, that we will be able to stabilize them, that we will be able to move in the di-rection of consumers actually having control of their own healthcare once again, and that we will put Medicaid on a sustainable path, because the time is overdue. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, how much time remains on our side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I will be very brief. To respond to my friend from Penn-sylvania, No. 1, none of what he has discussed has come up in the Senate Finance Committee. What I can tell you about past debates is that our side was always interested in reform-mind-ed ideas, for example, bringing the pri-vate sector into the delivery system of Medicaid. That is No. 1. No. 2, we still have not seen the skinny bill. I said earlier: Who knows what hap-pened at the Republican Senate lunch between one course and another. We would like to see the skinny bill. I think, once again, we have heard from the other side that they disagree with the umpire. They disagree with the im-partial CBO, and I think that is unfor-tunate. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 17 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. It is my under-standing that if the managers need time to break into my speech, I will be glad to accommodate that. I rise today to inject a dose of badly needed reality into this very important debate. Healthcare is a profoundly per-sonal issue that matters to every sin-gle American. In fact, every single Sen-ator in this body ought to agree on this point. Healthcare hits home for each and every constituent we represent from our home States. From standard wellness checks to lifesaving cancer treatments, each of us wants the best, most effective and affordable medical care for the people we love and for our-selves. As policymakers, it is our job to solve problems. It goes without saying that we are facing a big problem right now. Access to affordable healthcare is out of touch for millions of Americans. That is despite the promises made over and over. Remember that ObamaCare was rammed through on a last-ditch Christmas Eve party-line vote. Look at what that got us. Health in-surance markets are collapsing around the country. Since 2013, the average premium increase on the individual market has jumped 105 percent. Remember when President Obama promised affordable healthcare for all? He promised we could keep our doctor. He promised that Americans could keep their healthcare plan, and he promised all Americans that their pre-miums would go down by $2,500. We all know ObamaCare did not up-hold these promises. Instead, we got higher taxes, costly penalties, double- digit premium increases, unaffordable copays, job-crushing and wage-crushing employer mandates, and thickets of Federal regulations. Now ObamaCare is collapsing. No one on the other side of the aisle has made an attempt to legislate remedies to the law despite its grave condition. At this very moment, 72,000 Iowans in my home State are gripped with uncer-tainty. Two insurance carriers have dropped out of the exchanges, leaving only one to offer individual plans start-ing in January. The policies offered by that insurance company will go up over 40 percent next year, on top of huge in-creases this year, making it still unaffordable. ObamaCare is unsustainable, unaffordable, and unacceptable. This brings me to the reality check that I mentioned when I started. As I listen to some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I am, frankly, as-tounded that they can deliver their talking points with a straight face. They would like the American people to believe that Republicans are dead set on ripping healthcare away from children, the elderly, and the disabled. Despite their red hot rhetoric, we have neither horns nor tails, but we are dead set on working out the devilish details to get to yes. Democrats’ hyperbole and fearmongering are standing in the way of getting the job done for the Amer-ican people. Fear is easy to achieve. Legislating in good faith is hard work. ObamaCare defenders would rather dis-parage than engage. They would rather obstruct a path forward than to con-struct a path forward. They are stand-ing in the way of solving problems. In the process, they are scaring the living daylights out of hard-working Americans who aren’t able to stretch their paychecks to afford health insur-ance for their families. If there is one job the defenders of the big government have mastered, it is the role of Chicken Little. They squawk, cluck, and crow at every opportunity to grow the size, scope, and reach of government into our daily lives. To their way of think-ing, ObamaCare was a step toward sin-gle payer. They will say and do whatever it takes to secure sweeping, universal government control of the healthcare system, no matter how much it costs the taxpaying public, the toll it takes on the U.S. economy, or the loss of per-sonal freedom. Their message is dead wrong. Our re-form efforts are not making the sky fall. The Democrats’ rhetoric reminds me of a similar situation. The debate 20-some years ago was to reform wel-fare by reining in runaway Federal spending and increasing the independ-ence of individuals. Just like now, that debate was full of dire predictions. Some of my colleagues will remem-ber the late Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, then-chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. He strong-ly opposed efforts to reform the welfare system. He predicted that the bipar-tisan proposals would result in an apocalypse and said: 
If, in 10 years’ time, we find children sleep-ing on grates, picked up in the morning fro-zen, and ask, why are they here, scavenging, awful to themselves, awful to one another, will anyone remember how it began? It will have begun on the House floor this spring and the Senate chamber this autumn. 
That is the end of the quote from Senator Moynihan 20 years ago. The facts will show that welfare reform was, in fact, not ‘‘legislative child abuse,’’ as the former Senator of Mas-sachusetts Ted Kennedy predicted. Quite the contrary. In the two decades since historic, bi-partisan welfare reform was enacted, reality shatters this doomsday proph-esy of 20 years ago. The reality is that the number of African-American chil-dren living in poverty has fallen to the lowest level in history. The problem still exists and deserves our attention, of course, but 1.5 million fewer children are in poverty today, and 3.4 million more families are independent from as-sistance. At the time of welfare reform, the Chicken Littles forecasted homeless-ness, poverty, and despair. Senator Moynihan also said that requiring wel-fare recipients to work and limiting the length of time that they could col-lect benefits added up to ‘‘the most brutal act of social policy since Recon-struction. Those involved will take this disgrace to their graves.’’ With all due respect to the memories of my former colleagues, their rhetoric simply does not square with reality. The 1996 welfare reform law lifted mil-lions out of generational poverty, re-placing lifelong impoverishment and lifestyles of dependency with liveli-hoods restored with hope and oppor-tunity. These facts separate Demo-cratic rhetoric from reality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.044 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4385 July 27, 2017 
In the absence of a credible reason to continue with ObamaCare’s failure, the only defense tactic left to the Demo-crats is fear. In a vein similar to that of her predecessor from New York, former Senator and Democratic Presi-dential nominee Hillary Clinton said: ‘‘If Republicans pass this bill, they’re the death party.’’ In another vein similar to her prede-cessor, another Senator from Massa-chusetts said that ‘‘I’ve read the Re-publican ‘health care’ bill. This is blood money. They’re paying for tax cuts with American lives.’’ They are not alone in their obstruc-tionism. The minority leader has said that Republican-led efforts to reform ObamaCare are ‘‘heartless. It is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. It brings shame on the body of the Senate.’’ Another Democrat chimed in that the Senate bill is ‘‘downright diaboli-cal’’ and would be ‘‘one of the blackest marks on our national history.’’ Still another Democrat said his con-stituents are ‘‘scared for their children, they are scared for their spouses, they are scared for their aging parents. . . . And . . . scared . . . for their own health and well-being.’’ Another one chimed in that ‘‘our emergency rooms would be over-whelmed. They would be unable to deal with the scope of that kind of humani-tarian need.’’ Not surprisingly, the law’s champion- in-chief, President Obama, has fueled the fear factor, saying that the Repub-lican efforts to reform the healthcare law would put pregnant mothers, ad-dicts, children with disabilities, and poor adults in harm’s way. Such overheated rhetoric shows Democrats have abandoned rhyme, rea-son, and reality. Too often, the argu-ments from the other side are based on what Medicare was supposed to do, not what it actually did, which fell far short of projections from the experts. Defenders of ObamaCare are relying on a phantom rather than the reality of the law. Democrats are refusing to work with us toward a better solution that truly works. After years of neglecting con-sequential problems with a partisan- passed law now on the books, they say that they have a better deal. Let me tell you, thousands of Iowa families and small business owners have con-tacted me with their personal stories of hardships. To them, ObamaCare has been nothing but a raw deal, rather than a better deal. What good is having insurance, they say, if it is too expen-sive to use? After more than 7 years of ObamaCare, the chickens have come home to roost. And in less than 10 years, look what happens when govern-ment gets in the way of the free mar-ket and consumer choice. Well, it is ob-vious: higher premiums, bigger copays, fewer choices, less freedom. Health in-surance that costs too much to use is just not working for hard-working American families. I will end my speech today with an appeal from an Iowan from Avoca, IA. She has contacted me many times about the hardships her family has ex-perienced since ObamaCare was en-acted. She pays more than $25,000 a year to insure her family on the indi-vidual market. If that sounds like chicken feed to some of ObamaCare’s defenders, I urge you with all sincerity to get your heads out of the clouds and join us to fix this flawed law. Repub-licans and Democrats can work to-gether for the greater good of the coun-try. It is said that when there is a will, there is a way. Many of us recognize that ObamaCare isn’t working as prom-ised. Half of us voted this week to move ahead to fix this problem. The other half is blocking any effort put forward to reform the broken law. They are digging in their heels and pulling out all stops of any solution and stopping it dead in its tracks. Again, it reminds me of those who fought tooth and nail to stop welfare reform 20 years ago. I quoted those peo-ple from 20 years ago. At the time, they predicted the most dire con-sequences would befall our most vul-nerable citizens. Thank goodness, the pessimists back then did not prevail in their obstruction against welfare re-form. While welfare reform has not been perfect, it has restored hope and opportunity to millions of Americans. We can’t afford to let the pessimists and obstructionists prevail today against healthcare reform, and they seem to be acting like the very same people that opposed welfare reform 20 years ago. The American people de-serve high-quality, affordable healthcare. ObamaCare has not lived up to its promises, so it is time for elected leaders to live up to the prom-ise we made to the American people. Let’s worry less about who wins and worry more about who will lose when Congress fails to restore the collapsing Federal law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the time until 5 p.m. be equally divided between the managers or their designees; that at 5 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the Strange amendment No. 389; further, that following disposition of the Strange amendment, the Senate pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 3364, which was received from the House; that there be 20 minutes of debate, equally divided between the leaders or their designees; that following the use or yielding back of that time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of H.R. 3364; finally, that following disposition of H.R. 3364, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1628. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I yield my-self such time as I need, up to the limit that we have. This week, we have been debating why it is so urgent for Con-gress to act on rescuing Americans from the collapsing ObamaCare healthcare law. We have heard from our colleagues across the aisle, questioning our mo-tives and our actions. Congress lit-erally has millions upon millions of reasons to replace and repeal this law. Hard-working American families are begging us to provide them with some relief. These are families who are forced to purchase high-deductible cov-erage insurance and are facing thou-sands of dollars of out-of-pocket costs before their coverage even begins. For them, the status quo—doing nothing— is not an option. For Senate Republicans, rescuing the American people from this law is our only option. But the defenders of this law don’t seem to grasp—or are unwill-ing to admit—that ObamaCare is not affordable insurance and has been a cri-sis-inducing failure. This is why Repub-licans are working to fix the damage. Insurance markets are collapsing, pre-miums are soaring, and healthcare choices are disappearing. Americans expect the Congress and the President to address the problem. With ObamaCare getting worse by the day, the time to act is now. Just look at my home State of Wyoming, which is down to one insurer in the individual market, both on and off the exchange. This should be treated as the national scandal it is. Some on the other side of the aisle like to focus on how many people are insured under the law, but let’s look at how many are not insured. Almost 28 million Americans remain without in-surance under ObamaCare because they cannot afford insurance or no longer have access to it due to ObamaCare’s collapsing markets in their State or county. But coverage numbers can be misleading because, even with insur-ance, many hard-working families still cannot afford the care due to surging deductibles. Insurance with sky-high deductibles is coverage in name only. When it comes to Medicaid coverage, what most news stories will not tell you is that the newly insured gained coverage only through a flawed Med-icaid Program that is providing infe-rior quality and threatening to bank-rupt States across the Nation. The Democratic leader, N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , famously said that Congress would have to pass the bill to find out what’s in it. Well, Americans soon dis-covered that President Obama and con-gressional Democrats focused almost exclusively on coverage numbers boost-ed by government mandates handed down from Washington, instead of true healthcare reforms that might have ac-tually provided better care, provided affordable care. Obama’s alleged cov-erage numbers are only on paper. Cov-erage was their sacred cow, worshipped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.046 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4386 July 27, 2017 
above all others, because for President Obama, N
ANCY PELOSI , and Harry Reid, coverage equaled healthcare. Large coverage numbers touted by the Obama administration and congres-sional Democrats have proved to have the healthcare utility of a pet rock. Do you remember the pet rock? Millions of people purchased a rock. It was very nicely packaged in a box. They would bring it home and open it up and find a rock. Pet or not, it served no purpose other than its name: a pet rock. This is essentially how ObamaCare has worked, except people were forced to purchase this marketing gimmick. Americans have purchased insurance through ObamaCare exchanges with the promise of accessible coverage. What they actually received, however, is coverage in name only. It serves no healthcare purpose, and it doesn’t work—merely packaging a pet rock, if you will—and millions of Americans soon found out. The high cost of insur-ance plans they forced people to buy made it nearly impossible for them to pay for the coverage they signed up for, or if they could afford coverage, they realized the care they were paying for came with sky-high deductibles. Congressional Democrats and Presi-dent Obama focused almost exclusively on the numbers of people now enrolled in ObamaCare and relentlessly high-lighted this information, which showed this law was used mainly for public re-lations purposes at a large cost, as op-posed to an actual policy accomplish-ment. Instead, the reality is that Americans who were able to get insur-ance were often plagued with inad-equate coverage, joined with enormous out-of-pocket costs. Senators from across the country this week have been sharing stories about families in their States who have had to forgo medical care, not because they don’t have in-surance but because it was simply too expensive to go to the doctor under the ObamaCare health plan. For years, Republicans have pledged to repeal this disastrous law, and this week we are working to address the broken promises of ObamaCare to help ensure better care for each and every American. We are doing this by work-ing to stabilize collapsing insurance markets that have left millions of Americans with no options, which will help improve the affordability of health insurance and therefore healthcare. Our goal is to preserve ac-cess to care for Americans with pre-existing conditions and to safeguard Medicaid for those who need it most by giving States more flexibility, while ensuring that those who rely on this program won’t have the rug pulled out from under them. Most importantly, Republicans hope to free the American people from onerous ObamaCare man-dates that require them to purchase in-surance they don’t want or can’t af-ford. The President and Republicans in Congress last fall promised to rescue the millions of American families suf-fering under ObamaCare, which is what this bill will do. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, may I in-quire, what is the remaining Repub-lican time? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Three minutes. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, the ma-jority time is 3 minutes? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes. Mr. BLUNT. Senator S
TRANGE is coming, and I will take my time later. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, we have loaned time before to the other side of the aisle. If they would loan us some time so that the person propounding this amendment could have a moment to explain his amendment—they have agreed. So I yield time to the Senator from Alabama. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. STRANGE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 2 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. STRANGE. Thank you. 
AMENDMENT NO . 389 
Mr. President, I rise today in support of an amendment that will relieve mil-lions of Americans of a moral conflict. For too many, access to healthcare coverage comes only with the restric-tion of deeply held personal convic-tions about the sanctity of human life. The amendment before us offers the opportunity to end the flow of taxpayer dollars to abortion procedures once and for all. It allows Hyde protections to be extended to all funds appropriated through the healthcare legislation we are considering today. Let me provide some context. Pre-mium tax credits implemented under ObamaCare currently provide over $8.7 billion in annual subsidies for nearly 1,000 different insurance plans that cover elective abortion on the State exchanges. This provision stands in violation of the fundamental principle of the Hyde amendment and the long- held understanding that the U.S. Gov-ernment has no role in funding abor-tions. In recent weeks, the Senate has de-bated countless nuances of healthcare policy, and we have taken several cru-cial votes on efforts to rescue the American people from a failed social experiment, bringing us to this mo-ment. Under our current procedural circumstances, in order to ensure that both the spirit and the letter of the Hyde amendment’s provision against taxpayer-funded abortion is upheld, we need a new solution. My amendment would establish a matching arrangement between sta-bility funds and premium tax credits, delivering an arrangement that com-plies with the Byrd rule. Starting in 2019, the value of premium tax credits that continue to subsidize elective abortions would drop to 10 percent, with the remaining 90 percent being made available as Hyde-protected monthly payments to insurers to ben-efit the same people who relied on those tax credits. Let me be clear. This amendment does not reduce the amount of tax credit dollars available to low-income Americans. It does not result in their losing coverage. It certainly does not create or expand an entitlement pro-gram. When hard-working Americans pay their taxes, they do so with the under-standing that the rights granted to them by the Constitution are not checked at the door. For the people of my State, the right to life is foremost among these, codified by the Hyde amendment and engrained in the con-science of a majority of Americans. The amendment before us allows for a clear conscience. It allows for a con-cise, conservative solution to a prob-lem that has dogged this Chamber for the 44 years since Roe v. Wade changed the landscape of American society. On behalf of the unborn and the con-science rights of millions of Ameri-cans, I am proud to offer this amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). The Senator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I make a point of order that the pending amendment violates section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. STRANGE. Mr. President, pursu-ant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver pro-visions of applicable budget resolu-tions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of amendment No. 389 and, if adopted, for the provisions of the adopted amend-ment included in any subsequent amendment to H.R. 1628 and any amendment between Houses or con-ference report thereon, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 50, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 174 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.047 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4387 July 27, 2017 
Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—50 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 50. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. 
f 
COUNTERING AMERICA’S ADVER-SARIES THROUGH SANCTIONS ACT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 3364, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3364) to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Gov-ernments of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now 20 minutes of debate, equally di-vided. The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I yield myself 3 minutes. I first thank Senator C
ORKER , Sen-ator C
RAPO , Senator B ROWN , Senator S
CHUMER , and Senator M CCONNELL for their help in getting us to this mo-ment. This is an important moment for our country, and I am very proud of what we were able to accomplish. The legislation we are about to vote on will give the United States the strongest possible hand to stand up against the aggression of Russia. Rus-sia attacked us and our democratic in-stitutions; Russia invaded the sov-ereignty of other countries, including Ukraine and Georgia; Russia is partici-pating in war crimes in Syria, and this legislation will give the United States the strongest possible hand in taking action against Russia. Mandatory sanctions are included in this legislation with regard to the en-ergy sector, the financial sector, the intelligence and defense sectors—not only with primary sanctions but with secondary sanctions. This legislation provides for a democracy fund, working with Europe, to protect ourselves against Russia’s attacks. This legisla-tion provides a review process so the President, on his own, cannot elimi-nate sanctions. He must come to Con-gress. As President Obama had to in re-gard to the Iran sanctions, the Presi-dent would have to come to Congress in regard to sanction relief against Rus-sia. This is a tough bill to stand up to what Russia has done and requires mandatory action. There are so many people to thank in regard to this. Of course, we also have the Iran sanc-tions. I thank Senator MENENDEZ , on our side, particularly on the Iran sanc-tions issues. We are taking actions against Iran for their nonnuclear viola-tions, their support of terrorists, their ballistic missile violations, their sup-port of the arms embargo, human rights violations. What we do here is totally consistent with the JCPOA. The bills are very consistent with what passed this Chamber 98 to 2. We maintained the in-tegrity of the Iran and Russia provi-sions consistent with what was done in our committees. In regard to North Korea, I know we all want to take actions against North Korea. The provisions added by the House are consistent with what we think are appropriate for North Korea. This is an important moment for our country. I really do want to thank all involved. I know Senator C
ORKER , Sen-ator B
ROWN , and Senator C RAPO would agree with me: I really thank our dedi-cated staff. We could not have done this without our staff. They worked 24/ 7 for the last 7 weeks to get this done. As a result of their action, the United States is going to be in a better posi-tion dealing with Russia when this leg-islation is enacted, and I am proud to be part of that. I reserve the remainder of my time. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank the ranking member for his out-standing efforts, along with many oth-ers. What I would like to do now is yield to Senator M
CCAIN, and I will speak last. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Democratic leader for his courtesy, as always. In just the last 3 years, under Vladi-mir Putin, Russia has invaded Ukraine, annexed Crimea, threatened NATO al-lies, and intervened militarily in Syria, leaving a trail of death, destruction, and broken promises in his wake. Of course, last year Russia attacked the foundations of American democracy with a cyber and information campaign to interfere in America’s 2016 election. I am proud—I am proud—of the two individuals who just spoke, the Senator from Maryland and the Senator from Tennessee. Both of them have worked in a bipartisan fashion and got legisla-tion to this floor. Although it is long overdue, it is here. I believe we will see an overwhelming vote, and I thank them for their bipartisanship. In the last 8 months, what price has Russia paid for attacking American de-mocracy? Very little. This legislation would begin to change that. The legis-lation would impose mandatory sanc-tions on transactions with the Russian defense or intelligence sectors, includ-ing the FSB and the GRU, and the Rus-sian military intelligence agency which was primarily responsible for Russia’s attack on our election. I believe my colleagues know what is in this. It would codify existing sanc-tions on Russia by placing into law six Executive orders signed by President Obama in response to both Russian in-terference in the 2016 election and its illegal actions in Ukraine, and it would take new steps to tighten those sanc-tions. The legislation would target the Rus-sian energy sector, which is controlled by Vladimir Putin’s cronies, with sanc-tions on investment in Russian petro-leum and natural gas development as well as Russian energy pipelines. My friends, the United States of America needs to send a strong mes-sage to Vladimir Putin and any other aggressor that we will not tolerate at-tacks on our democracy. That is what this bill is all about. We must take our own side in this fight, not as Repub-licans, not as Democrats but as Ameri-cans. It is time to respond to Russia’s at-tack on American democracy with strength, with resolve, with common purpose, and with action. I am proud to have played a small role. What I am most proud of is the bipartisanship you are seeing manifested today on both sides of the aisle. We need a little more of it. I yield the floor. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Arizona for his dedication to our national secu-rity, for his tremendous involvement in this legislation, and all that he does on behalf of all of us to make sure that our Nation is secure. Thank you so much for those com-ments and for your deep involvement in this piece of legislation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and the ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN . Senator C
RAPO and I began working on this months and months ago. I ap-preciate that partnership. Senator M
CCAIN—I read an op-ed he wrote in USA Today about 3 weeks ago. It was about what Putin tried to do with some level of success in Monte-negro, and nobody has watched Putin and his intervention in our elections and European elections and their gov-ernments and his desire to destabilize democracy around the world—nobody has recognized it quite as early or with the acute sense that Senator M
CCAIN has, and we thank him for that. I rise to urge my colleagues to join me and vote for this critical sanctions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.003 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4388 July 27, 2017 
legislation, which is the product of months of bipartisan effort in this body. At a time when it is difficult to get things done in this far-too partisan Senate, this effort proves it is still pos-sible for Congress to come together and accomplish big things. The bill pro-vides for a range of tough new sanc-tions against Iran, Russia, and North Korea. The Ukrainian community in my State knows firsthand the dangers of decades of unchecked Russian aggres-sion. Congress must act to punish Rus-sia for its continued actions in Ukraine, in East Ukraine, in Crimea, and for its interference in our Presi-dential election and to deter future such aggression. This bill will prevent President Trump from relaxing sanctions on Rus-sia without congressional review. We are all concerned about that. Iran is one of the world’s leading state sponsors of terrorism and a con-tinuing source of instability through-out the region. This bill is carefully written to avoid violating U.S. com-mitments under the Iran nuclear agree-ment, and it applies new sanctions in response to Iran’s support for ter-rorism, its human rights abuses, and its ballistic missile program. It also incorporates sanctions on North Korea, including measures to toughen enforcement of current U.N. Security Council rules. North Korea’s efforts to develop nuclear capabilities must be countered. We must take a stand against its horrendous human rights record, including the savage treatment of Otto Warmbier that led to his death. These are important steps. More can be done to address the situation in North Korea. I thank my staff, Colin McGinnis, Mark Powden, and Graham Steele on this. I appreciate the work of the staff in all four of these offices on Banking and Foreign Relations, and I ask my colleagues to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on leader time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, last year, we know the United States was victim of an attack by a foreign power on the very foundation of this dear de-mocracy—the right of the people to a free and fair election. The consensus view of 17 agencies is that Mr. Putin interfered in the 2016 election. For that alone, the United States has more than just cause to sanction President Putin and the intel-ligence apparatus he directs. To date, Mr. Putin and his allies have not suf-fered serious repercussions for this stunning breach of our right as a sov-ereign nation not to have our elections disturbed by a foreign capital. That all changes today. Congress has drafted this sanctions bill to hold Mr. Putin accountable for his actions and to send a message to him and the rest of the world that any further attempts to degrade our democ-racy will meet further sanctions and action. We will not stand by idly as this is done. There is no process more sacred in a democracy than the guarantee of free and fair elections. That fundamental right was attacked by Mr. Putin. With this vote, let us finally—finally—offi-cially condemn and forcefully respond to that attack on our country. Let us send this bill to the President’s desk for his signature. We still don’t know if President Trump will sign this legislation. I say to my colleagues: If the Congress speaks loudly enough and strongly enough and we send this bill with a veto-proof majority, it will not matter what President Trump decides. Before I yield the floor, I wish to thank my colleagues. At the top of the list are Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM , who early on had the idea to do this. Their strength against transgressions against this country is wonderful. I thank the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. He had to pursue this legislation through ups and downs. He didn’t relent, and here we are today because of his efforts. I thank his ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN . They are a great bipartisan team. Similarly, Chairman C
RAPO and Ranking Member B
ROWN , again, in a bi-partisan way, not letting partisan poli-tics get in the way—they passed this legislation. I would like to thank leader M
CCON-
NELL because when he and I talked about bringing this legislation to the floor, he didn’t blink. He didn’t hesi-tate. He was forthright and said: Let’s do it. This piece of legislation proves that when this body works the way it should, when both parties talk to each other, work with each other, and the committee chairmen and ranking members negotiate legislation through proper procedure, we can produce good, strong bipartisan legislation. I would be remiss if I didn’t mention, in this moment of bipartisanship, the same thing could happen with healthcare. With that, I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes. I yield the floor. Mr. CORKER. I thank the minority leader for his comments, and I yield a moment to Senator C
RAPO , who played an outstanding role as the leader of our committee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. I thank Senator C
ORKER . Mr. President, I thank, too, all those who were mentioned: the Foreign Rela-tions leadership, Senator C
ORKER and Senator C
ARDIN ; Senator B ROWN , my colleague in the Banking Committee; and all the others who have been so in-volved in this issue. This is one of the examples of how we can work together in a bipartisan fash-ion to craft critical legislation for pro-tecting and strengthening America. Frankly, it is past time for us to stand strong as a nation in response to the increasing aggression that we see in Russia around the world—whether it be in Ukraine, in Crimea, in Syria, in fa-cilitating corruption globally, or in the cyber security attacks we have seen that have been directed not only at us but at our allies across the world. It is very important that we imple-ment this legislation. I am glad to see the solid bipartisanship that we have been able to build. I also hope that we can build this bipartisanship on many, many other issues. We are going to be looking at North Korea, as has already been said. I am hopeful and confident that we will stand again on this floor soon as we deal with the threats we face from North Korea. Again, I thank all of those who have worked so closely with us on this legis-lation and appreciate the opportunity for us to move forward, united tonight on this critical issue. I yield back. Mr. CORKER. I yield the floor to Senator MENENDEZ . Mr. CARDIN. May I have a moment? First, I want to join in thanking Sen-ator M
CCAINand Senator G RAHAM for their work. We started in January on this legislation—their legislation. How we drafted it is intact here, and I thank Senator M
CCAIN and Senator G
RAHAM . The leader on the Iran sanctions, going back many, many Congresses, has been Senator M
ENENDEZ . In intro-ducing him, I want to thank him for his leadership on Iran and, also, these other bills. I look forward to his com-ments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, let me thank the ranking member for his kind comments. I thank the chairman for his continuous engagement in this regard and his leadership. I remind my colleagues that what gave us the vehicle to consider Russia and North Korea was the countering Iran act that I was pleased to author with the chairman and with the rank-ing member and other colleagues in a bipartisan approach. When we started on Iran, there were those who wanted to look only at its intercontinental ballistic missile viola-tions. I and others persisted and said: Wait a minute. Iran is far more nefar-ious in its activities—beyond inter-continental ballistic missiles. It is collective leadership that brought us to a much broader bill that we are about to vote on today, where Iran is being pursued for the violation of its international order. We just had the Prime Minister of Lebanon here, and he was saying to us: If you are concerned about Hezbollah, then find where the source of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.051 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4389 July 27, 2017 
money is. The source of money for Hezbollah is Iran. If you are concerned about intercontinental ballistic mis-siles, I would add, it is Iran. If you are concerned about the greatest exporter of terrorism, it is Iran. If you are con-cerned about human rights violations within Iran, it is the leadership of Iran. This is about sending a message to Iran that, in fact, when you violate the international order, there are con-sequences to it. It is about sending a message to Russia that when you vio-late the international order, annex Cri-mea, invade Ukraine, indiscriminately bomb civilians in Syria—and then when you try to affect the elections of the United States of America, you have a cyber attack, from my view, on the election process. We can debate whether it affected the election. That is not the issue. The mere fact that Russia tried to affect our elections should be upsetting from the average citizen to the President of the United States. We have an oppor-tunity to make very clear to Russia and to any other nation that this will not be tolerated. Finally, to North Korea: North Ko-rea’s dangerous provocations in its path to nuclear weapons and a delivery system to be able to deliver those nu-clear weapons are some of the greatest challenges we have. We have an opportunity to come here today and say: You have to observe the international order. We have to go back to the basis of the rules that ulti-mately came about after our leadership in World War II to preserve the inter-national order that has brought us peace and prosperity. There are only a handful of peaceful diplomacy tools you can pursue. One of them is the use of sanctions in order to try to prod countries to move in a cer-tain direction and to observe the inter-national order. That is our opportunity today with Iran, with Russia, with North Korea. I hope we will seize it unanimously because when we do that, we send the most powerful message in the world that the United States— Democrats, Republicans, Independ-ents—stand together in terms of de-fending the national interests and se-curity of the United States. I yield the floor. Mr. CORKER. I thank the Senator from New Jersey for his outstanding leadership on Iran and his leadership on Russia and North Korea. He has led us for years and years in sanctioning Iran and has brought them to the table. I thank him for that. For those who are here and want to vote, I am going to yield 1 minute to Senator G
ARDNER . I am going to speak for about a minute and a half, and to my knowledge, we will be ready to vote. I thank all of my colleagues for their patience. Senator G
ARDNER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank Senator M
ENENDEZ . I appreciate the opportunity to talk about what this Senate and Congress has done. Last Congress, we passed unanimously the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act. This legislation that we are about to vote on builds on the success we start-ed with last year. We have more work to do to stop the crazed Kim regime. I thank the chairman and the leader for committing to further conversa-tions on North Korea, further action that needs to be taken because we know that, in China, there are over 5,000 businesses still doing business with North Korea. China is responsible for 90 percent of the North Korean economy. Now, 10 of those 5,000 busi-nesses are responsible for 30 percent of the economic activity, the imports from North Korea into China. More work has to be done to stop this mad-man in Pyongyang. I thank this Senate for moving for-ward on legislation today to build on the success we had last year. I urge its passage. We have more work to do to put an end to this regime. Mr. CORKER. I thank the Senator for his leadership on North Korea, and I thank him for speaking. Mr. President, I will be very brief, as I normally am. This bill has taken pas-sion, tenacity, and all of us working to-gether to bring out the best in this body and to get to this point where we are today. I want to thank everybody who has been involved. Senator CARDIN has been an out-standing ranking member. As always, we worked together, just as we did today on another markup, to get to where we are. We have Senators C
RAPO  and B
ROWN . I think there were about four committees working to get this piece of legislation out. It was an in-credible effort working around the clock for days and nights. I want to thank them for their leadership. I want to thank Senator M
ENENDEZ , again, for his involvement, in par-ticular on Iran, but on all of these issues. Certainly, thanks go to Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM for their tremen-dous leadership in beginning the proc-ess, especially on Russia. Thank you so much. Thank you, Senator S
CHUMER and Senator M
CCONNELL , for giving us the freedom to operate under regular order, the freedom to operate in the com-mittee process, which I know all of us long to get to on all issues that we deal with here, and thank you to all of those Members who have been so in-volved. Our staffs have been incredible. Thank you so much for the profes-sionalism, the knowledge, the energy, and the willingness to work late hours to make this happen. The attributes of this legislation have been discussed. I think we all are ready for this moment. We are all ready to speak to what Russia has done to our country and to others, to speak to what Iran is doing outside of the nu-clear agreement, and to speak to what North Korea continues to do. One attribute that hasn’t been spo-ken to is this: It has been my goal as chairman, working with the ranking member, that Congress continue to be more and more relevant and to garner back the powers that we have given to the executive branch for decades. One of the most important attributes of this legislation is the congressional re-view, where, when major decisions are made, Congress is involved; Congress has a say. I hope we will build upon that, not only in foreign policy but in other matters. I want to thank all involved. I urge a strong vote on this piece of legislation that sends a strong message to Iran, to Russia, and to North Korea. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? Mr. CORKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 98, nays 2, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 175 Leg.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—2 
Paul Sanders 
The bill (H.R. 3364) was passed. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 502 TO AMENDMENT NO . 267 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 502, the Heller amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.053 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4390 July 27, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI] for Mr. H
ELLER , proposes an amendment num-bered 502 to amendment No. 267. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the sunset of the repeal of the tax on employee health insurance premiums and health plan benefits) Strike subsection (c) of section 109. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, we are talking today, obviously, as we move into the final hours of this debate, about the two mandates in the original Affordable Care Act, the individual mandate and the employee mandate— certainly, the individual mandate but both of these mandates. First, I want to talk about the indi-vidual mandate. It was unprecedented in Federal law. The idea that the Fed-eral Government could tell somebody they had to buy a product, tell them what that product had to look like, and have very little input on the price or competition is just something the Fed-eral Government had never done be-fore. They didn’t just set guidelines, they didn’t even just set subsidies but actually a requirement to buy a prod-uct or pay a penalty. Now, when this case got to the Su-preme Court, the government was still arguing it was a penalty and there was nothing wrong with that penalty, until apparently they figured out the Court wanted to look at this as a tax because a penalty wouldn’t have been constitu-tional. Now, we all know this is a penalty. The Supreme Court can call it a tax, the Obama lawyers could at that mo-ment decide, well, even though we set up the law as a penalty, we really think it must be a tax, and that 5-to-4 decision decided that because it was a tax, not a penalty, that part of the law was upheld. Nobody ever thought this was a tax before that day, nobody has ever seri-ously thought it was a tax after that day. It was a penalty you pay if you de-cide you don’t want to do something the Federal Government tells you that you have to do. There is no constitutional basis that gives the government the authority to make that kind of decision, and fami-lies and individuals have been hurt by that decision. There is only one place to go on the individual market, the exchange. Re-member that? We have almost forgot-ten the total disaster of the exchange. States tried to operate exchanges, al-most none of them worked. States spent millions and tens of millions, and I think a time or two maybe even more than that to put an exchange together. It didn’t work. That part of the law didn’t work so you wind up mostly with one big exchange. Even with one big exchange, you have to think about whether the policies available in the county you live in—most of the debate over the past several years, a lot of the debate has been we ought to expand the marketplace, we ought to buy across State lines, we should have more choices and more places to go. Some-how we managed to define in this law, the law that is currently the law of the land, a marketplace that is about as small as it could possibly be. In our State, in Missouri, we have counties that have a million people. We have a county that has a million peo-ple. We have a county that has 4,000 people. The county that has 4,000 peo-ple has its own buying unit when it comes to looking at how the market-place is set up. It just doesn’t make sense. The deductibles are so high, the choice is so low. Some defenders of the law will say that costs will go up if the amendment passes. That is possible, but we know the costs will go up if the amendment fails. We know the costs will go up if we stay where we are. Costs, since 2013, have increased an average of over 100 percent in the coun-try—105 percent. This was the law that was going to reduce family costs by $2,500 a year. Families are generally re-lieved if their insurance didn’t increase by $2,500 a year, let alone fail to reduce by $2,100 a year. So a 105-percent in-crease in 4 years—in Missouri, where I live, 145 percent is the increase. I think at least three States have had an increase of more than 200 percent, and even with an increase of more than 200 percent, nobody wants to sell insur-ance there. Not only is there no com-petition, I think about one-third of the counties in America this year don’t have more than one company that will even offer a product. Some have had no companies that would offer a product, and 40 percent is the estimate for next year. There are places where no more than one company will offer a product. What kind of competitive marketplace is that? The government, with the mandate, says you have to buy a product and you have to buy it in that marketplace and you have to buy it from that one com-pany at whatever rate some other level of government has finally approved to keep the company there that probably didn’t want to be there, but if you don’t buy it, you pay a penalty. This is not working. Millions of peo-ple have chosen to pay the current pen-alty, which was $695, rather than to participate in a system that didn’t work for them. Families can’t continue to pay more and get less. Remember former President Clin-ton’s observation on this: What a crazy system. The costs keep going up and the coverage keeps going down. We have forced people to be in a system that according to President Clinton, the costs keep going up, the coverage keeps going down, and if you don’t par-ticipate in that, you pay a penalty. We have to move in a different direc-tion. Eliminating these mandates helps to do that. There are some Congres-sional Budget Office numbers out there that estimate what is about to happen. They certainly totally misestimated the current law. I believe, under the current law, there would be 25 million people, roughly, or some big number like that on the exchange today. There are 10 million instead of 25 million, 22 million, whatever the projection was for this date in 2017. There are about 10 million. CBO is notoriously wild with their projections. They projected, for in-stance, that 15 million people would drop out of the individual market if one of the many burdens of this bill or these amendments passed. There are only 10 million people in the market. How do 15 million people drop out if there are only 10 million people there? They said that 7 million people who get Medicaid and pay nothing for it wouldn’t take that if the government didn’t force them to. There must be something wrong with the insurance product and Medicaid both if people don’t take it even if it is available to them. The current system isn’t work-ing. The other mandate, the employer mandate, is telling employers what they have to do. One of the great bene-fits of health insurance in this country since World War II has been insurance at work. It was pretty much an acci-dent in 1946. The war was over, and no one wanted to heat up the economy too quickly so it was decided to have wage and price controls. Somebody asked the price control person: If we add in-surance at work, does that count to-ward wages? They wanted to compete for more and better employees they could get coming back into that econ-omy from the war. So they asked, if we add insurance to work, does that count as wages? The wage and price control person said, no, it wouldn’t count. So they went to the IRS person and said: If it doesn’t count toward the wage, is it taxable if they get it at work? That person said, no, it wouldn’t be taxable either. So we have this unique system that developed. We need to figure out how more people can get insurance at work, more people can get insurance as a part of bigger groups. There are things that work and things that don’t. The government requiring you to do something and thinking there is a con-stitutional right to do that just simply doesn’t work. In fact, with the employer mandate, there are all kinds of unintended con-sequences. People with 50 employees didn’t want to get more than 50 em-ployees. The 30-hour workweek became a problem. In fact, Ms. C
OLLINS , the Senator from Maine, from almost day one has said: Why do we want to en-shrine the 30-hour workweek? Let’s have a 40-hour workweek. Her amend-ment was offered and filed over and over again. Companies were reluctant to hire new employees. These are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.055 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4391 July 27, 2017 
unintended consequences of the em-ployer mandate. Too many people have two 26-hour jobs now who need a 40- hour job with good benefits instead of two 26-hour jobs with no benefits. More choices and the kind of access to healthcare people need is where we ought to be focused, a solution that provides healthcare and not just cov-erage. It is great to have insurance coverage. It is great to have even a government insurance coverage like Medicaid, unless no doctor wants to take any new Medicaid patients or if your insurance coverage deductible is so high. The averages on the bronze plan is $6,000 per individual, $12,000 per family. If your deductible is so high you can’t go to the doctor, you don’t have the kind of access to healthcare you need. You only have access to cat-astrophic sickness care. This system needs to change, and I believe one of the fundamental flaws in the system from day one was the government be-lieving it could force people to pur-chase a product that didn’t meet their needs and didn’t meet what their fam-ily could afford to do. I am glad we are having this debate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I would like to tell my colleagues a cou-ple of stories. We are going to talk about what is happening in healthcare right now. There is the healthcare that is happening here in this room in the debate that is ongoing that started months ago, continuing to try to figure out the solutions to what we face with the Affordable Care Act. Then there are the healthcare issues happening at home. Sometimes we get caught up in this conversation and think this is what the center of the healthcare conversation is about. It is not. The center of the healthcare conversation in America is around dinner tables. Let me tell my colleagues what that conversation sounds like. This comes from one of my constitu-ents who just wrote to me. He said: 
My premium increases from $1,308 per month to $2,489 per month. This is for just my wife and I. We are self-employed small business owners and simply cannot afford to pay nearly $30,000 per year for health insur-ance. We will have to pay the penalty for not having healthcare, but we have to eat and pay our bills. Sadly, we are both in our late 50s, and we probably need healthcare more now than ever. Mr. Lankford, this is not the America that I grew up in, the America my father fought to preserve in World War II. 
That is the healthcare debate hap-pening in America right now—individ-uals who used to be able to afford their healthcare coverage, but now they can-not and no longer have healthcare. The Affordable Care Act did cover a new group of people who were not cov-ered before, but it also pushed out an-other whole group who used to have coverage and now does not. This is an extremely personal issue. This is not a political issue. These are families and lives and children. These are individuals who have cancer and di-abetes and a history of genetic diseases in their families, and they are very concerned about what happens politi-cally in this room because it affects their families and their real lives. Congress needs to act on this. What is happening right now with the status quo is untenable for families all across the country. Insurance carriers have left the market. Rates have gone up dramatically. We have fewer choices and more control but less control for families. What does that look like in my State? Well, in my State, premiums went up last year 76 percent—last year—a 1-year increase. I have folks all the time who say to me that their great complaint is about the rising cost of college tuition. Let me give my colleagues a glimpse. College tuition has increased 76 percent in 15 years. In-surance in my State went up 76 percent in 1 year. In fact, since ObamaCare fully rolled out in 2013 until now, insur-ance in my State has gone up 201 per-cent. That is not the Affordable Care Act; that is a recipe to be able to push people out of insurance and keep them out. ObamaCare was designed to force healthy people to buy insurance to in-crease the risk pools for those insur-ance companies. But when you can’t af-ford the premiums, you are forced to pay this big tax. Now, the question is, Who is paying the tax? Originally, ObamaCare said: Well, people who didn’t buy into the insurance who want to just take the risk on their own, these wealthy individuals, they would have to pay the extra tax. Really? What did that end up looking like? Again, coming back to my State, 96,000 Oklahomans are currently paying the tax to the IRS because they don’t have healthcare insurance. Who are they? Eighty-one percent of the people who pay the penalty make less than $50,000 a year. These are individuals who can-not afford the insurance, and they also can’t afford the fine that is coming from the IRS. It is a poverty tax that the Affordable Care Act created to try to force these people into insurance they cannot afford, and when they can’t afford that, then they get a big hit on their taxes as well. It is literally a no-win situation for them. One of the major goals of the Afford-able Care Act was to provide affordable coverage. It was to be able to help peo-ple get into insurance. It was to be able to help improve the safety net. Those are not irrational goals. Those are good goals, but the execution of it was ter-rible, and the implementation has caused more problems than it has solved. In my State, many physicians in rural areas used to be independent. Now they have all been forced into working for big hospitals because they can’t afford the compliance costs to keep their office moving anymore. So independent doctors and independent clinics are now part of big conglom-erate hospital companies. I am glad they are there, or we would have no ac-cess to care at all. My State used to have four insurance carriers in the State. Now it has one, and that one is discussing leaving. I hear all the time people who are mad at Republicans saying: Why haven’t you solved this yet? Quite frankly, this is an incredibly difficult issue. But I also want to be able to re-spond back to people: Don’t gripe at the firefighters fighting the wildfire. They didn’t start it. We are trying to put it out. Yes, I know the fire line is big, and, yes, I know it is difficult to put it out, but we are doing our best to resolve a fire we did not start. We will resolve this. So what is happening right now with our trying to resolve it? What are we trying to accomplish? We are trying to do several specific things dealing with the Affordable Care Act. This is not about resolving everything in healthcare. There are, quite frankly, lots of issues on which we have bipar-tisan agreement that we should work on in the days ahead, things like pre-scription drugs and so many other things we can do to help bring down the cost of healthcare itself, but in the meantime, we do have a dispute. Our Democratic colleagues have said to us that they want to be able to co-operate with us on healthcare, but the parameters are that we have to keep the individual mandate—that tax pen-alty on people in my State for people who make $50,000 or less to pay this giant tax; they want to keep that. They want to keep the employer man-date, which is dramatically driving up the cost of insurance for employers and decreasing wages. The initial estimates are that people in my State are making about $2,500 a year less now than they would be because of the employer man-date that is on them. So we can’t nego-tiate and say ‘‘Let’s form a bipartisan agreement on this’’ if they want to keep the individual mandate and the employer mandate. Those things hurt people at home. So here is what we are trying to do. This is a budget bill. It is called rec-onciliation. We are limited to only budget-related items to be able to deal with. So we are working on some of the basics of what needs to be repealed in the Affordable Care Act. We do want to get rid of the individual mandate. We do want to get rid of the employer mandate. We do want to deal with how we can take control of healthcare out of Wash-ington, DC, and get it back to the States, where it used to be. Prices are much cheaper when there is local con-trol on healthcare than when there is Federal, centralized control. We would also like to find a way to get some of the bureaucracy out of this. You see, when there is a healthcare dollar paid and it first has to pay the Federal bureaucracy, then it goes to the State bureaucracy, then it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.056 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4392 July 27, 2017 
pays an insurance company bureauc-racy, and then it pays a hospital bu-reaucracy, there is not much of that dollar left to finally get to patient care at the end. If we can take out one of those bureaucracies, we can actually get more dollars to patients rather than having them just feeding the bu-reaucracy of another layer. We are simply trying to deal with the mandates that are there, who actually makes the healthcare decisions for reg-ulations and policy, whether it is the State or the Federal Government, and how we are going to balance out cov-erage for individuals who desperately need it in the safety net. I have heard a lot of folks talking about CBO scores. I will tell you, I am in the middle, and I am very frustrated with CBO right now. Every policy we want to float to say this is something we think will be very effective to be able to help people in the safety net or to be able to help people purchase in-surance, CBO responds back to us: That sounds like an interesting idea; it will take us about 4 weeks to study it. When we are in the legislative process, when we are doing amendments, we can’t wait 4 weeks between each amendment. We have to be able to get answers from them. So we are stuck in this spot, so our resolution is—we have a House version that has been scored, and we have a Senate version. We have a lot of changes we want to make, even to our latest version. The best answer we have while we wait on CBO scoring—another month to get us an answer—is to be able to get an interim bill, get into a conference between the House and the Senate, allow CBO the month that they need to score this, and for us to be able to pass a better bill in September. So that is where we are stuck right now. This is not a final bill that is coming out. This is still an interim process that is moving. But we need to be able to keep this process moving because there are people at home who are counting on this actually getting bet-ter for them in the future. Their words to me are: This cannot get worse, be-cause I can’t afford what we currently have, and I can’t afford that access I have been given to healthcare. In the middle of all of this debate, a lot of people on the outside look at it and say: How come the Senate can’t move faster? I respond back to them: We can’t get a score from CBO, so we can’t move any faster. We are stuck waiting on them. They typically will call me and say: Well, just run over CBO. We are not going to ignore the law, and we are not going to ignore the rules of the Senate, but we are going to work to actually get this right. In the meantime, I have heard an awful lot of scare tactics coming out. It usually circles around, there will be 22 million people who will suddenly not have insurance. That is a fascinating number to me since only 9 million peo-ple have ObamaCare right now. Nine million are actually on the exchange. So it seems difficult to me for 22 mil-lion people to lose what only 9 million people have. But if you are an econo-mist, they look at, on the horizon, peo-ple who may one day join in at some point, and then those people who may have joined in then might have lost their insurance. It makes total sense to an economist, but to all of us who just look at math, it becomes very difficult. CBO also believes that without a Federal mandate and a tax penalty on individuals, they will not buy this in-surance product. People do not want to buy it and will not buy it unless they are made to buy it. The problem is, there are 6.5 million people in the country who are also re-quired to buy it who are just paying the tax rather than buying the insur-ance. We need to allow people to make de-cisions on their own lives, but we need to also make sure there is actually an insurance product they can afford. And all the scare tactics about how we are going to throw out preexisting condi-tions and people who have preexisting conditions will be on their own—that is not true. Every single one that we have debated has included protection for preexisting conditions. We all are still honoring things like lifetime caps, an-nual caps. We have all included 26 and under. If you want to stay on your par-ents’ insurance, you can still do that. There have been all of these scare tactics, like this will throw senior adults out on the street, and Medicaid is going to have these dramatic cuts. I looked at one of the proposals that was put out by the Senate and one of the drafts that we went through, and it said ‘‘dramatic cuts.’’ Here are the ‘‘dramatic cuts’’ we had in Medicaid: Every year for the next 8 years, Med-icaid increased at twice the rate of in-flation. Every year for 8 years in a row, twice the rate of inflation, Medicaid went up. That is twice as fast as Medi-care goes up—twice as fast as Medi-care. So Medicaid was accelerating twice as fast as Medicare, and then 8 years from now, Medicaid went back to growing at the same speed as Medi-care—at the rate of inflation. That was the ‘‘dramatic cut’’ in Medicaid. Every year going up twice as fast as inflation is a cut? Nine years from now, only growing as fast as inflation is a cut? But it is being portrayed that people are going to be thrown out on the streets and Medicaid is going away. I would encourage Americans to un-derstand that the conversation has been a lot about political rhetoric. This body really is committed to the safety net. This body really is committed to allowing people to have choices again that they can actually afford for insur-ance. We are really committed to tak-ing control of healthcare out of Wash-ington, DC, and pushing it back to the States and to families so they can con-trol healthcare decisions again. That is the real debate that is happening here. I know it is boisterous, and I know it is much easier just to have bumper stick-er comments, but at the end of this, we have to realize there really are people who are involved in this, who are deep-ly affected by it. A couple more stories. A gentleman recently sent me an email saying that he received word that his premiums are rising from $1,229 a month to $2,205 a month to cover just him and his wife. His deductible is rising to $4,000 a per-son. His out-of-pocket maximum is ris-ing to $13,000. That is under ObamaCare now. Another person who wrote me is cur-rently enrolled in ObamaCare now. He is 62 years old, and his wife is 61. 
Our monthly health insurance premium in-creased by 71 percent to $2,900 last year. My wife and I are healthy with no major prob-lems, so my health insurance is the size of my mortgage payment. 
That is under ObamaCare now. Under ObamaCare now, a lady from my State wrote me and said that for her first year, her monthly premium was $1,200. This year, she will pay $1,900 a month. She just got a letter from the one insurance company left in her State—the one opportunity she has to get insurance—saying that her month-ly premium next year will be $3,540. That is an increase of 84 percent, or $42,000 a year, for insurance under ObamaCare now. Her simple statement to me is, How is this possible? I speak to some of my colleagues, and they say: Those stories aren’t true. I say: Let me introduce you to some real-life people outside of this political debate who are debating around their kitchen table about how they are going to make it with the rates that have been put on them. What we have now has to be ad-dressed. I know this is a boisterous, loud process. But as we walk through the process, the end solutions are for these families, so that our noise helps them to actually move back to think-ing about their kids and what they are going to do next in their retirement, and not to say: How in the world am I going to pay for my health insurance anymore? Let’s get this finished. Let’s move to the next stage. Let’s get to conference and try to resolve the differences be-tween the House and the Senate. By September, when we finally get a score back from CBO on all of our scoring and they finally get us information on the things we have asked for, let’s get this passed so we can actually get this done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, let me congratulate my colleague from Okla-homa for a very fine statement, and let me associate myself with each and every word and each and every fact he outlined in his very fine statement, and also with the remarks of my friend from Missouri who went before him. I appreciate their leadership on this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.059 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4393 July 27, 2017 
Let me, at this point, also give a sa-lute to the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, to the right of freedom of speech, which we have seen exercised in this building and in this Nation during the course of this debate, and the freedom granted to petition the government for address of grievances. We have seen examples of that. They have been on full display in this healthcare debate, a phase of which will come to a close I hope this evening. Let me give a shout out to our staff members. They have fielded thousands, if not tens of thousands, of phone calls, letters, emails, and visits from Ameri-cans exercising their rights under the First Amendment. Americans have come to their Capital City, almost all of them in an appropriate and non-disruptive way—sometimes intense, for sure—expressing their opinions but also in display of their First Amend-ment rights. After all the debate, all the conversa-tion, and all the exhortation on this issue, we have seen a lot of things said from the floor and a lot of things said on the news media that have amounted to a matter of opinion. But here is one thing I know for a fact. For four straight elections—2010, 2012, 2014, and 2016—Republicans ran on a promise to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We ran on that platform, and for four straight elections Republicans prevailed at the ballot box on the strength of that plat-form. I know that for a fact, and this I believe. Millions of Americans are at work today or at home or getting home from their offices, from their shops, from their factories. They are turning on the media. They are checking on-line. They are turning on the radio. They are wondering if a campaign promise is going to be kept by this party to which they have given the reins of government in four straight elections. We are close to keeping that promise. We are closer than we have ever been, and we can take a big step tonight on making good on that promise. That is not just a matter of keeping a promise, but I will say to my colleagues that it is important this platform be honored. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to speak for 10 additional minutes if there are no other people on the other side asking for consent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. So we are keeping a promise, but there is a lot more to it, as my friend from Oklahoma outlined, not only in fact but also in stories from honest-to-goodness Americans. This debate is about keeping Ameri-cans from hurting, about relieving the pain that this 2009 ACA has caused peo-ple to have. They were told they could keep their doctors. They wanted to keep their doctors, and it turns out they lost their doctors. They were told they could keep their healthcare plans. They liked their healthcare plans, and, in fact, they were not able to keep their healthcare plans. They were told their premiums would go down, and we have seen chapter and verse—as the gentleman from Oklahoma so force-fully outlined—of the dramatic, dras-tic, unspeakable increase in premiums that Americans have undergone. They were told they would have choice when it came to health insurance, and they have not had that choice. They have lost their freedom to make their own healthcare decisions, and that has been sacrificed in favor of a big government approach. So people are hurting, as has been explained on the floor tonight. Families in my State who do not have employer-based health insurance are paying nearly $3,000 more per year in premiums than they did 4 years ago. In my State, it is a 116-percent increase in premiums under the Affordable Care Act over this short period of time. I guess we should be thankful we are not the 201-percent increase in premiums that our neighbors from Oklahoma have, or the 223-percent increase in healthcare premiums that our neigh-bors across the line in the State of Ala-bama have. But still, it is pretty bad wherever you go, and they were told and this program was sold on a promise of reducing healthcare premiums. As has also been pointed out, 6 mil-lion independent-minded Americans have just said: I will not purchase this required insurance. I will pay the pen-alty, instead. The Supreme Court says it is a tax. We know it is a penalty. It comes right out of their pockets. They are doing that many times because they are independent-minded but many times because it is the only thing they can afford. So Americans are hurting. Americans from Missouri, Oklahoma, and Mis-sissippi are hurting, and they are hurt-ing all across America. My Republican colleagues know this. My Democratic colleagues know this. They say: Well, the ACA needs ad-justment. It needs some help. But what is their solution? I think we are beginning to know, based on statements made and based on infor-mation coming forward, that our Democratic friends really want a sin-gle-payer system. That is their solu-tion to the failed ObamaCare system we have now—a British-style, Euro-pean-style, government-run insurance- for-all program. I don’t think we need that in America. I don’t think that is what Americans thought they were getting. My wife and I have never moved our family to Washington, DC. We have kept our home on the same street in Tupelo, MS, the whole time. We raised our kids in Mississippi. When the last bell rings this weekend, I will be on a plane back home to my State, moving around the State, talking to Mississip-pians, speaking to people who gave me this great opportunity to serve in this great body and this great system of government. I want to be able to tell them when I go home after this vote that I have taken a big step in keeping the Federal Government out of the business of de-ciding healthcare for their families. I want to be able to tell them that they are now going to have more options to choose the plan that works for them. I want to tell people back home who put me in office that we put more power in the hands of the States, not unelected Washington, DC, bureaucrats. I want to be able to tell them we passed a bill that, as my friend from Oklahoma says, answers their concerns about pre-existing conditions and takes care of those people with low incomes who need assistance in buying insurance. I want to assure the people back in my home State and all across America, as my friend from Oklahoma just did so eloquently, that the Medicaid Program will continue. As a matter of fact, it will continue to grow, but at a rate that is more sustainable, so we can af-ford it today and so we can afford the Medicaid Program in future genera-tions. This has taken long hours of give and take. It may take more long hours in debates tonight and in a conference with the House, but we can get there. I see the solution formulating, and I am as optimistic as I have ever been that we will be able to keep this four-elec-tion promise we made. These reforms are now within reach. We should take advantage tonight of this opportunity to deliver on what was promised to the American people, to relieve Americans who are hurting from the current ObamaCare system, and to give them a better opportunity for affordable and accessible healthcare. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time until 8:30 p.m. be equally divided between the managers or their designees and that at 8:30 p.m., the Senate vote in re-lation to the Schumer or designee mo-tion to commit, which is at the desk, followed by a vote in relation to the Heller amendment No. 502. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Nevada. 
AMENDMENT NO . 502 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about my amendment, Heller amendment No. 502. It addresses one of the most onerous taxes enacted as part of the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as the Cadillac tax. The Cadillac tax is a 40-percent excise tax set to take effect in 2020 on em-ployer-sponsored health insurance plans. In Nevada, 1.3 million workers are covered by an employer-sponsored health insurance plan. These are public employees in Carson City and service industry workers that work on the Las Vegas Strip. They are small business owners, and they are retirees across my State. Hardly anyone in Nevada will be shielded from the devastating effects of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.060 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4394 July 27, 2017 
this Cadillac tax. Across America, 54 percent of employers and almost 151 million workers who currently enjoy employer-sponsored healthcare bene-fits will experience massive changes to their healthcare by the year 2020. We are talking about reduced benefits, we are talking about increased premiums, and we are also talking about higher deductibles. Hard-working Americans will suffer. That is why I joined Senator H
EIN-
RICH from New Mexico in introducing what was called the Middle Class Health Benefits Tax Repeal Act earlier this year, with the support of over 75 organizations. Some of those organiza-tions include unions, chambers of com-merce, small business owners, State and local government employees, and retirees. They are all saying the same thing—that the Cadillac tax needs to be repealed. From unions to small busi-nesses, employers are proposing sweep-ing changes to employee benefits today—right now—to avoid this oner-ous tax later. First, over 33 million Americans who use flexible spending accounts and 13.5 million Americans who use health sav-ings accounts may see these accounts vanish in the coming years as compa-nies scramble to avoid the law’s 40-per-cent excise tax. HSAs and FSAs are used for things like hospital and ma-ternity services, dental care, physical therapy, and access to mental health services. Access to these lifesaving services could all be gone for millions of Americans if the Cadillac tax is not fully repealed. Second, I have heard from employers, large and small, from all over Nevada, saying that they will inevitably have to eliminate services their workers currently enjoy, dramatically increase deductibles and premiums, and will have to cut certain doctors out of their networks. This goes right at the heart of ObamaCare’s broken promise: If you like your healthcare, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. This onerous tax targets Americans who already have high quality healthcare, and Nevadans have reached out to tell me how this tax will affect them. One of the stories that hit me the hardest was hearing from a school teacher in Las Vegas. As the son of a cafeteria worker, I know the sacrifices that these educators make each day. Cynthia, who works in the Clark Coun-ty School District, sacrificed a higher paycheck to ensure that a quality health plan would be there when she retired. The Cadillac tax would place a 40-percent excise tax on her retiree benefits and cause her to deplete her savings to cover the loss. Seniors have worked their entire lives for these benefits, and the Cad-illac tax puts at risk the sacrifices they have made for decades to have a safe and stable retirement. That is why I am committed to repealing this very bad tax. Many are in the service indus-try, like Michael from Las Vegas, who wrote to my office and explained how he is worried that the cost of his union- sponsored health insurance premium will now skyrocket. He is already see-ing his deductibles increase and under-stands that next year there will be more increases to his healthcare pre-miums. Michael also shares his con-cerns about an imposed fine from the Internal Revenue Service, should he not have health insurance. He makes a valid point. If he loses his job, then how can he be expected to pay for his healthcare? Norm, a city employee from South-ern Nevada, shared a concern with me recently: The last thing a self-insured provider wants to do is reduce benefits for his employees. Back in 2015, 90 Senators voted on the record in support of repealing the Cad-illac tax, and I hope all 90 will join me again today. They recognize it will hurt middle-class families who, for rea-sons outside of their control, have health plans that already or soon will reach the Cadillac tax’s cost limits. The tax will force many employers to pay steep taxes on their employees’ health plans, flexible spending ac-counts, and possibly eliminate some employer-provided health coverage plans altogether. Under this tax, deductibles will be higher and benefits will be reduced even more, putting a strain on middle-class families trying to make ends meet. The short-term success of this was pushing the delay through 2020. Now it needs to be fully repealed. So I encour-age all my colleagues to join me today in voting to support Heller amendment No. 502 to fully repeal this bad tax and send a message that Congress is serious about lowering costs for all Americans. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, you know, late this afternoon, around 5 o’clock, a number of Republican Sen-ators indicated their unwillingness to support the so-called skinny bill, which would rip healthcare from 16 million people, according to CBO, and increase health insurance premiums by 20 per-cent—and not 20 percent over several years, 20 percent per year for the next several years, doubling health insur-ance premiums over the next 4 or 5 years. That is the bill we are talking about. They said that they don’t like this bill, but they are willing to vote for it if they are provided assurances that this is just sort of a procedural vote. We just had a motion to proceed that was procedural in nature, according to them. We think it is the vote on healthcare. Now, this second vote, which is actu-ally a vote to enact legislation—they are saying they are going to vote for it but only on the condition that we go to conference committee. Something just happened over the last couple of hours that is actually pretty astonishing. The House Rules Committee adopted what they call martial law. Now, it is not quite as bad as it sounds, but it is pretty bad. What that means is it gives total control over the procedures to the House ma-jority. The House majority now is in a position to enact the skinny bill right away. There are a lot of Members of the Senate who want to talk about this, but I will just give you my little indi-cators that they are going to enact this into law by Sunday. They are going to enact this into law by Sunday. No. 1, the White House already has a name for it, the President has indicated a willingness to sign it sight unseen, and P
AUL RYAN just issued a statement that was not at all reassuring. There were lots of words, but none of them included ‘‘We will not enact anything that comes from the Senate. We will go to conference committee, and if we don’t have an agreement, we will not enact the Senate version of the bill.’’ They are desperate to enact a bill be-fore the summertime starts, and that is why we are all terrified here. There are a lot of people on the Republican side who hate the bill that they are going to be asked to vote for, and the only reason they are entertaining the possibility is that they want to go to conference. But they are not going to end up in a conference committee; they are going to end up in a signing cere-mony over the weekend. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, if I could just pick up on the comments of my colleague from Hawaii, we had a com-ical discussion 2 days ago in the Demo-cratic caucus lunch. Comedy isn’t that unusual in a caucus with A
LFRANKEN , but the comic discussion was about how we would describe to the American public what a skinny repeal is. It was kind of phraseology that we might un-derstand; how do we describe that to the American public? We took about half an hour to try to figure out how to do it, but about 2 hours ago, one of our Republican colleagues did it in 5 sec-onds. He said—and this is the Senator from South Carolina—that the skinny repeal is a fraudulent disaster. That is what Senator G
RAHAM said—the skinny repeal is a fraudulent disaster. He did such a better job than we did of de-scribing what the bill is, and it is a fraudulent disaster because it hurts people. It takes health insurance away, according to the CBO, from 16 million people, and it would jack up premiums in a compounding 20 percent this year, then an additional 20 percent—40 per-cent the next year. That is why it is a fraudulent disaster. But some Members, as was described by my colleague from Hawaii, are en-tertaining that: Even though we call it a fraudulent disaster, we can vote on it because, don’t worry, the House will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.062 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4395 July 27, 2017 
create an opportunity for us to fix it and make it better. But the comments of the Speaker, which had to be clari-fied a few minutes later by his press spokesperson, have made absolutely plain that if this bill passes out of the Senate, it is intended to be passed by the House ASAP, and the President’s spokesperson has said: We like this bill, and the pen is in hand—we are ready to sign it. So no one in this body should have any illusions: If the skinny repeal— otherwise known as the fraudulent dis-aster—passes, it is not to continue a process; it is to take health insurance away from 16 million people, and it will raise premiums dramatically. And that is what the intent of this vote would be. With that, Mr. President—— Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, will my colleague yield for a question? Mr. KAINE. I will yield the floor for a question. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, just very quickly, the Senator pointed out this analysis we have gotten where the pre-miums go into the stratosphere. Sen-ator M
URRAY and I worked a long time on it. Wages for working people are going up about as fast as a snail trying to climb uphill. I am curious what you think that means for working-class families in Virginia, because I know in my home State—and Senator M
ERKLEY  and I have talked about this—we have working families right now who every single month are walking on an eco-nomic tightrope, balancing their food bill against the fuel bill, the fuel bill against the rent bill. Because my colleague was correct with respect to the fact that this would start, by the way, in January—this is not some kind of far-removed thing— people are going to feel the hit of these skyrocketing premiums right away. What does my colleague think that is going to mean for working-class fami-lies in his home State? Mr. KAINE. Well, to respond, Mr. President, to my colleague from Or-egon, one of the things we have seen in the first half year of this administra-tion is, whatever job report comes out month to month—comes out at the be-ginning of each month, we are not see-ing wage growth. We are not seeing wage growth. So imagine that con-tinuing forward—essentially no wage growth and 20 percent increases in pre-miums that then compound to 40 per-cent next year, 60 percent the year after that. This will be devastating. So if you put together the CBO con-sequences—16 million losing insurance, the 20 percent compounding increases in premiums, a likely dramatic desta-bilization of the insurance market, and then other features that we hear are in the skinny bill—for example, if you take funding away from Planned Par-enthood—and 3 million women have de-cided that is their choice, that is where they are going to get healthcare, in-cluding many working women and women in working-class families—the premium effect is going to be abso-lutely dramatic, and it will be dev-astating to Virginians and Oregonians. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we are here at a historic moment, and we listened to a historic speech just within the last 48 hours from our col-league, Senator JOHNMCCAIN. All of us welcomed him back and were inspired and overjoyed by his return and then by his speech asking that we go back to the regular order, that we have com-mittee consideration of a bill, with hearings and markup and the demo-cratic process really working. What threatens us tonight is the democratic process being brought to new lows. If this bill is passed with the assur-ance that it won’t go to conference— and there are conservatives, and I could quote them. Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM said earlier today: 
There’s increasing concern on my part and others that what the House will do is take whatever we pass—the so called ‘‘skinny bill’’—not take it to conference, go directly to the House floor, vote on it, and that goes to the President’s desk with the argument, ‘‘This is better than doing nothing.’’ Here’s my response. The ‘‘skinny bill’’ as policy is a disaster. The ‘‘skinny bill’’ as a replace-ment for Obamacare is a fraud. The ‘‘skinny bill’’ is a vehicle to get in conference to find a replacement. It is not a replacement in and of itself. The policy is terrible because you eliminate the individual and employer man-date which we all want eliminated but we ac-tually want to have an overall solution to the problem of Obamacare, so you’re going to have increased premiums and most of Obamacare stays in place if the ‘‘skinny bill’’ becomes law. Not only do we not re-place Obamacare, we politically own the col-lapse of healthcare. I’d rather get out of the way and let it collapse than have a half- assed approach where it is now our problem. 
Senator J OHN MCCAIN said earlier today: 
I’m not supportive of the legislation as it stands today. I am in close consultation with Arizona governor over the so-called ‘‘skinny repeal.’’ 
Senator R ONJOHNSON said earlier today: 
Virtually nothing we’re doing in these bills and the proposal are addressing the problems and challenges and the damage done to peo-ple. 
We will see, in effect, a betrayal of our trust, and I say that very seriously. I hope this body will keep faith with our democracy and make sure that a bill that is regarded as a bad bill—and rightly so because it will eliminate in-surance for 16 million people, it will raise premiums by 20 percent in less than a year, it will drive up costs, and it will bring down the number of people who are insured by catastrophic num-bers. We owe it to the American people to vote against this so-called skinny bill, which is really a sham repeal. It is a skeletal version of TrumpCare 2.0, 3.0, 5.0, 7.0. We can do that. With that, I yield the floor to my dis-tinguished colleague from the State of Delaware. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I want to speak for a few minutes on the floor to answer the calls I am getting into my office, the texts and the emails I am getting with people asking: What is going on? What is happening in the U.S. Senate? They can’t keep track of what it is we have moved to. We don’t know either. We are here probably all night wait-ing for the majority to finally produce the bill that they will use to attempt to repeal and maybe replace—or not— the Affordable Care Act. All we know is, every single proposal that has been brought forward in re-cent days has two features: It reduces coverage, and it raises costs. It may be that 16 million Americans will lose healthcare coverage. It might be 20 million, might be 32 million. Those are different scores for different proposed bills. It may raise costs by 15 percent, 20 percent, or 30 percent. Sometime later tonight, we will see the final bill pre-sented on this floor, and hopefully we will get some score so we know what we are voting on before we finally get there, but what is so scary to families I am hearing from, is that after 7 months of majority rule, where the Re-publican Party controls the Senate, House, and White House, we don’t have a finished bill for us to debate tonight in detail, and we don’t know yet ex-actly what we will vote on later to-night. We just know a simple theme— every proposal that has been brought forward when scored by the CBO, the independent scorekeeper, offers less coverage and higher costs. Folks, I want to remind you about something because I just ran into a family out on the steps of the Capitol, outside the building, not inside the building—a family who is raising two typical children and one child with Down syndrome, a family where the fa-ther of the family is Active-Duty U.S. military. They asked me: ‘‘Why can’t we be heard?’’ The process that brought us here to-night did not include committee hear-ings, where doctors, nurses, patient ad-vocates, folks who run hospitals, or folks who are specialists on insurance were heard. In a press conference earlier this evening, four of our colleagues said they are going to vote for this bill later tonight so it can go to conference and get fixed. They said the current ex-pected skinny repeal bill is a fraudu-lent disaster, to paraphrase a col-league. Well, what I really think we should do is heed the advice that Senator M
CCAINlaid out on the floor a few days ago and go back to regular order. Just earlier today, there was an in-spiring moment when we took up and passed by a vote of 97 to 2 the Russia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.064 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4396 July 27, 2017 
sanctions bill. We heard the chair and ranking Republican and Democrat of the Foreign Relations Committee speak positively of each other and posi-tively of the process and they said the outcome is in the best interest of our country. As we have seen, we don’t always fol-low regular order. Both parties have re-sponsibility for moving things over the years without fully consulting each other and without going through the committee process. I think this is the moment where we should look at what happened earlier today on this very floor and follow that process, where the committees are included and con-sulted, and where we find a bipartisan resolution to what ails America. I am afraid that is not what is going to hap-pen, and later tonight we will be forced to vote for or against a bill that raises healthcare costs for Americans and lowers the number of Americans who get healthcare coverage. If that is the case, this Senator will vote no. Thank you. With that, I yield the floor to my col-league from Connecticut. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. We are starting to hear rumors of what is in the so-called skinny bill, and it is not skinny. It is humongous. It is filled with all sorts of conservative pri-orities, whether it be—these are ru-mors—the end to the individual man-date, the elimination that insurance companies are required to include cer-tain coverages, the denial of funding to Planned Parenthood. This is not a bill that is designed to go to conference. This is a bill that is designed to be-come law. I just want to put all of the pieces to-gether for folks what we are hearing tonight, because you are hearing, if you are following this all across Amer-ica, different pieces of news emerging from different parts of this city. Let me try to put it together for you for a minute. First, you are seeing this skinny bill get fatter and fatter, which all of a sudden looks like a piece of legislation that is not designed to go to con-ference. It looks like a piece of legisla-tion designed to become law. It is healthcare arson. It sets the in-surance markets on fire. It imme-diately takes insurance from 16 million people and drives rates up by 20 percent on a compounding basis. This is insan-ity. It is getting bigger and bigger, which makes you wonder, wait a second, is this about going to conference or be-coming law? Then we got another piece of information. The White House doesn’t support the conference. The White House likes the skinny bill and wants it to become law. Then we got another piece of information. The House of Representatives tomorrow morning will declare what is called martial law. That is a procedural move that will allow the House to pass the bill that comes from the Senate as quickly as possible. This isn’t going to conference, this is becoming law. Then the icing on the cake is the most curi-ous piece of news: a statement from the Speaker of the House in which he says, not ‘‘we will go to conference,’’ he says, ‘‘I am willing to go to con-ference.’’ Why ‘‘I am willing to go to con-ference’’ and not ‘‘we will go to con-ference’’? Well, maybe you got the clarification from his spokesman who said: ‘‘Conference committee is one op-tion under consideration, and some-thing we are taking steps to prepare for should we choose that route, after first discussing with the members of our conference.’’ Can you see what is happening here? Can you see what is happening here? This is a bill that is being sold as just a procedural step to get to conference, but everything else that is happening around it suggests this is becoming law. Even if I am not right, let’s also be clear about the process. Even if there is a conference, how on Earth is the conference going to come to a con-clusion that the Senate could not? Right? You are going to introduce the Freedom Caucus to the U.S. Senate and think you are going to get more functionality and not less functionality? Even if you get to that conference, it will last for a couple days, maybe a couple weeks. They will come to no conclusion, and then guess what. The skinny bill, which is not so skinny any longer, is there for the U.S. House of Representatives to pass and put into law. All the while, the Presi-dent of the United States is cheering that on. That is the signal he gave you. The President of the United States does not support a conference. He sup-ports a bill that we are going to have unveiled later tonight and passed. He supports that bill going into law. So even if you get to conference, with the President chiding the conference to give us and pass the Senate bill, which is available to the House for passage, that is what the outcome will be. So for our Senate friends who want assurances that this bill will not be-come law, you are getting exactly the opposite tonight. With that, I yield the floor to the Senator from Minnesota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Connecticut for that really good and detailed de-scription of how we got to where we are because I think it is really hard to ex-plain to Americans at home who are watching this what a debate really is. I don’t see my friends from the other side of the aisle right now, but watch what is happening here today because what I have seen in my State the last few months is extraordinary. Families are coming up in the middle of a Fourth of July parade with their child with Down syndrome, bringing him over and saying: He is not just a preexisting condition. He is our child whom we love. This last weekend, I was with a fam-ily with two identical twins, Mariah and Evelyn. One is the catcher and one is the pitcher on their 11-year-old soft-ball team. Just in the last few years, one of them found out that she has a severe case of juvenile diabetes. The other one is perfectly healthy. What the mom told me is that they can hard-ly make it, paying for the cost of the insulin that has gone up astronomi-cally over the years, paying for the testing strips and everything involved in this. Yet, now, instead of seeing a bill which reduces the cost of prescription drugs by including some of the provi-sions I have long advocated for—from ending pay for delay, where big phar-maceutical companies are paying off generic companies to keep their prod-ucts off the market, or bringing in less expensive drugs from other countries or allowing for negotiation under Medi-care Part D—instead of doing some of those innovative things we need to bring costs down for regular Ameri-cans, what we see here is going to make it worse. When I met with these two girls, I told them and their family that I had their back and that I would tell their story on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Never once did I think I would be say-ing it, even this last week, when we are facing this kind of onslaught to this family—because what I would tell these girls now is that this bill, from what we have learned—we have not seen it, we don’t know exactly what is in it—but from what we have heard, what would happen is, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice, it would kick 16 million people off of healthcare. I would ask those girls: Do you know how many people that is, girls? It is 14 States’ worth of people. It is the com-bined population of 14 States in the United States of America. What we have learned about this bill is that it would increase premiums by over 20 percent, again, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice. What I would tell them is that is more than their school clothes, it is more than their softball clothes, it is a good chunk of their college education. This is real money for real people and this reduces coverage and it makes it more expensive. We can do so much better. A few months ago, we went to that baseball game where the Republican men’s team played the Democratic team. I was there in the stands, and I watched at the end this beautiful scene when the Democratic team won and they took the trophy and they gave it to the Republicans’ team, and they said to put it in Representative S
CA-
LISE’s office. Why did they do that? Because they were saying we are all on one team. That is what this should be. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.065 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4397 July 27, 2017 
When we are dealing with one-sixth of the American economy, we shouldn’t be at night passing a bill that one of our most trusted colleagues on the other side of the aisle, a Republican, has just called ‘‘a fraudulent disaster.’’ That is not what we should be doing. We should be working on the fixes that so many people have been working on for so many years—bringing drug prices down, making the exchanges stronger with reinsurance and cost sharing. These are things we actually can do together. I ask my colleagues to work with us. We have opened the door. We want to work together on these changes and not to pass this fraudulent disaster. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I appreciate so much my col-leagues being out here on the floor. We are debating a bill that relates to 16 percent of our gross domestic prod-uct, almost 20 percent of our economy. I wish there were folks on the other side of the aisle who were out here to-night having this debate. I thank my colleague from Minnesota for the point she made. I want to state that I am really dis-couraged about where we are in our po-litical system right now, and part of that is because politicians seem to think they can say one thing when they are running for office and do an-other thing when they get here and that somehow there is not a con-sequence. I guess one of the reasons people think there is no consequence is that we have begun to treat edited con-tent—journalism—as though somehow it is inferior to somebody just shooting their mouth off on the internet. We hear the President verbally assaulting journalists who have covered terrorism and who have tried to bring the story in Syria to the United States. Some have lost their lives. The President says they are not covering terrorism; then he attacks them as fake news. He goes to places like Youngstown and gets people to attack CNN or the New York Times or the Wall Street Jour-nal—anything that is actually edited content. I think it is because he thinks, A, he will not withstand the scrutiny of real journalists, but I think, B, he thinks it will help with this anything-goes style of politics, which says you can say one thing in the election and do something else. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The time of the Senator has ex-pired. Mr. BENNET. I ask for an additional 3 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has expired. Mr. BENNET. I ask unanimous con-sent for an additional 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I just don’t think this Republic will work very well if we don’t have a free press that is respected and if we don’t hold people accountable for their campaign promises. Here is one of the things Donald Trump said during the campaign about what he was going to produce for the American people with respect to healthcare. He said that it was going to be beautiful, terrific—a beautiful and terrific plan to provide such great healthcare at a tiny fraction of the cost, and it is going to be so easy. That is what he said, in rally after rally across the United States of Amer-ica, and a lot of people believed it. He talked about how much he hated the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, whatever you want to call it, and all the reasons why; many of the reasons he talked about were manufactured. But that doesn’t really matter any-more. He is the President. The Repub-licans are in the majority of the Sen-ate, and the Republicans have a major-ity of the House. Their characteriza-tion—or mischaracterization—of the Affordable Care Act is not the issue anymore; the issue is what are they going to do for people living in the State of Colorado who are dealing with a healthcare system that is not sup-porting them terribly well. My col-leagues heard that right. People who support the Affordable Care Act or op-pose it, in my State, are deeply dis-couraged about the way our healthcare system works. And I think that if the President were keeping his promise, we would see 100 people support the bill because it is actually consistent with what people at home want. They want more transparency when it comes to healthcare. They want more afford-ability. They want more predictability. That is what they want. If I set out to write a bill less respon-sive to that aspiration of the people I represent, who are critics of the Afford-able Care Act—Republicans in my State—I couldn’t write a bill less re-sponsive than the one the House of Representatives has passed and the one that was introduced by the majority leader after he wrote it in secret. It is 8:20 on the night we are going to have this vote, and we haven’t seen the bill. After a year and a half of almost countless committee hearings, after adopting almost 200 Republican amend-ments on the Affordable Care Act, and then going to townhall after townhall, being accused of being a Bolshevik who hadn’t read the bill, my question is, Why aren’t people being held to that standard tonight? Maybe they are not asking us to read the bill because there is no bill at 8:20 on the night that we are supposed to take away 16 million Americans’ healthcare, or 20 million Americans’ healthcare—on the night we are supposed to vote for a bill that the Congressional Budget Office says will jack up insurance rates by 20 per-cent. They wrote the bill in secret. They didn’t have a single hearing in the Sen-ate—not one hearing in the Senate. Now it is 8:20 at night, and there are people in my State who think they are going to lose their health insurance be-cause they might be one of those 16 million people or they might have a kid or a parent who has a preexisting condition, like the thousands of people who have contacted my office. They are terrified, and they are not even on the floor, and they can’t read the bill. Read the bill. Now we are told there is going to be a procedural trick that is going to allow the House of Representatives to just pass this through over the week-end. That is a shameful way to run the Senate. It is exactly the opposite of what the majority leader promised he would do when he was the minority leader in the Senate. He is the one who said: If you can’t get a vote from the other side—if you can’t get one vote from the other side—you maybe should acknowledge that the American people aren’t behind your bill. They can’t even get all of the Repub-licans to vote for this. They had to have MIKE PENCE , who is the Vice President, come here to break a tie. What a disgrace to ask the executive branch to come here and save your bacon because you can’t get the votes. And there is not a Democratic vote for this bill tonight because it doesn’t meet the test that the minority leader himself had. I see my colleague from Michigan is here. I will yield the floor by just say-ing that we should stop this catas-trophe. The only thing we know about this catastrophe is if it passes, there will be 16 million people who lose their health insurance and a bunch of rates go up. If we don’t do it, that will not happen. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Democrats has expired. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I want to support what my colleagues have been saying on this floor. The rea-son we haven’t seen a bill, the reason we have no idea what is coming is that this is a political exercise by the Re-publicans. It is about winning and los-ing. But for people in the country, for people in Michigan, it is personal. This is not a political game. This is per-sonal. For everyone who cares about their children and wants to make sure they can take them to the doctor; if you have a mom with Alzheimer’s and you might lose the ability to have nursing home care; if you have cancer and know you may not be able to get the full treatments that you need, this is personal. And, as has been said, every single proposal of theirs is higher costs and less coverage. So we voted on what was behind door No. 1, which would gut Medicaid healthcare. Three out of five Michigan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.066 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4398 July 27, 2017 
seniors get their nursing home care from Medicaid. Half of the people we see with Medicaid healthcare are chil-dren. All of the funds in the first pro-posal would go to tax cuts for the wealthy few and pharmaceutical com-panies and destabilize and undermine and raise costs for everybody else. So that is door No. 1: higher costs, less coverage. Then, when that didn’t go forward, it was door No. 2. Door No. 2: Repeal ev-erything that was passed under the Af-fordable Care Act and then say to folks somewhere down the road, we will fig-ure out how to replace it. That is high-er costs and less coverage. Now we are at door No. 3, and we don’t know what is behind door No. 3. All we know for sure is that it will be higher costs and less coverage. Now, we as Democrats want just the opposite. We want to work together with our Republican colleagues to lower costs—by the way, starting with the outrageous increases in prescrip-tion drug costs. And we want to in-crease coverage options, increase health insurance. That is what we are all about. I believe—I know in Michi-gan—that is what people want me to be focused on. Are there problems in the current system? Of course, and we should fix those, but we don’t have to rip away healthcare and raise everybody’s costs 20 percent a year as is being talked about now in order to fix the problems that are there. I want to quote Senator M
CCAIN, who said that it is time to ‘‘return to reg-ular order,’’ work to reduce ‘‘out-of- pocket costs,’’ and learn to ‘‘trust each other’’ again. It is pretty tough to trust colleagues, to trust the majority, when we aren’t even given the respect of knowing what we are going to be voting on. And it is not just—it is not about us. It is not about us as individuals; it is about the fact that every person who is getting cancer treatments right now needs to know what the U.S. Senate is going to be voting on and have a chance to re-spond. Every person who cares about their child, who cares about their par-ent in a nursing home, who cares about their future has the right to know and to read a bill and know what is going on. I want to say in conclusion—I want to close with the words of Margo, who manages a health clinic in Kent Coun-ty in the western part of Michigan. Margo knows the benefits of increased access to healthcare because she sees it every day. She knows it is not polit-ical; it is personal. There is nothing more personal than being able to take your child to the doctor and get the healthcare you need or care for your parents. Margo wrote: 
Seeing working people who have struggled all of their adult lives to manage their chronic health conditions finally have access to regular doctor visits, health education, and prescription medications has been a tre-mendous relief. It is amazing how different the lives of our patients are today compared to what they were a few years ago. She added: ‘‘You can’t imagine the sense of dignity the people I see feel.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Ms. STABENOW. It is time to bring back some dignity to the U.S. Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I heard somebody say that nobody was listen-ing. Well, I was listening. I have read a little bit from this book before on the floor about healthcare. It is called ‘‘Demystifying ObamaCare’’ by David G. Brown, who is a doctor. He does a marvelous job of going through the his-tory of how we got to where we are. He says, maybe we need to answer the question: ‘‘What does ObamaCare do? What does ObamaCare purport to do? What does ObamaCare not do?’’ He says that those answers are rel-atively simple. 
ObamaCare is not a system of healthcare, nor is it a healthcare reform. It is a system of healthcare control. ObamaCare was supposed to significantly reduce healthcare costs, but instead it has dramatically increased costs for even those who are not directly within the ObamaCare program. ObamaCare was supposed to increase ac-cess to care, but instead it can actually re-duce access (availability) of care. ObamaCare reduces the effectiveness of the safety net program, which is so very impor-tant to economically poor Americans. The quality of healthcare in America was derided when ObamaCare was passed, but ObamaCare instead reduces the quality of U.S. healthcare by reducing innovation. 
And then he says: 
ObamaCare removes a person’s ability to make his own decisions about his healthcare and that of his family. It does so by remov-ing the freedom to make those decisions. 
He continues that what we are trying to do is correct those problems and get back to a system of healthcare where the patient and the doctor get to make some of the decisions, where we en-courage more people to be in the sys-tem, where we expand the use of HSAs, refundable tax credits, where we also allow people to buy insurance across State lines. We could put money back into State high-level risk pools. In fact, I really like the invisible risk pools that allow people to continue to pay what they were paying before, but to get the unique care. We could ‘‘pass Medicaid to the States in terms of ‘block grants’ or ‘per capita allotments,’’’ and we could ‘‘partially privatize Medicare starting in 2024 with the premium support sys-tem.’’ That is not in the bill; I am reading suggestions that he gives, including ‘‘cap the amount for tax exclusions in higher cost employer-based plans.’’ Now, you need to know that in the proposals that we have been putting out, in spite of what I have been hear-ing on this side, kids under 26 still get to be on their parents’ insurance. We are not taking that off. I keep hearing we are eliminating the preexisting con-ditions. We are not. There hasn’t been a proposal to eliminate the preexisting conditions. So quit saying that. That is just fearmongering. As to eliminating the lifetime caps on insurance, I haven’t heard a proposal for that. Also, allowing people to continue to be in-sured even if they change jobs—that is what this guy wrote in the book, and I would like for everybody to read it. He said there are five factors that drive up healthcare costs. One is taxes, another is mandates. Another is regu-lations. Another is lack of competition and flexibility within the marketplace. As to the fifth one, I don’t know of anybody addressing yet, but it is the medical liability system that encour-ages defensive medicine and drives the costs up. Seniors need to be protected. There needs to be an effective and viable safe-ty net system. Nobody is trying to work against that, regardless of what you are hearing here. I understand my time has expired. I have a lot more of the book I would like to share, but I am not sure it is productive, anyway. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that before the next amendment each side be given 2 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have a motion to commit at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New York [Mr. S CHUMER ] moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike the subsequent effective date in the repeal of the tax on employee health in-surance premiums and health plan benefits, which reinstates the tax in later years. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on the Schumer motion to commit. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 43, nays 57, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.068 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4399 July 27, 2017 
[Rollcall Vote No. 176 Leg.] YEAS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Feinstein Franken Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—57 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
The motion was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 502 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now 2 minutes equally divided prior to the vote on the Heller amendment. The Senator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, my amendment at the desk, Heller amend-ment No. 502, repeals the Cadillac Tax, plain and simple. No gimmicks. It re-peals the Cadillac Tax, plain and sim-ple. This is a bipartisan issue with bi-partisan support. Under these cir-cumstances, it is probably appropriate that we have a bipartisan issue that is here in front of us. I would like to thank Senator H
EIN-
RICH, my friend from New Mexico, for his hard work and effort on behalf of this particular issue. He has worked hard. This is an issue that is well-endorsed. We have the endorsement of organized labor, chambers of commerce, local and State governments, and small business organizations. They all supported re-pealing this very bad and onerous tax. Over 83 groups have endorsed full re-peal. They are saying the same thing— that the Cadillac tax needs to be fully repealed, or employees will experience massive changes in their healthcare. Previously, this Chamber has voted nearly unanimously to support this full repeal. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. HELLER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I would ask support from my col-leagues on this Heller amendment. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first on the issue before us, most Demo-crats—the vast majority—are for re-peal of the Cadillac tax. We are not for many of the other provisions being put forward. This requires the two to be tied together. We are for repealing the Cadillac tax but not harming the healthcare of millions of Americans. I want to make another point, espe-cially to my friends, Senators MCCAIN, G
RAHAM , JOHNSON , and C ASSIDY , who said correctly that the skinny bill was totally inadequate and they would re-quire assurances from the House. Let me first read what Mr. R
YAN said: ‘‘If moving forward requires a conference committee, that is some-thing the House is willing to do.’’ That is not worth anything—only if moving forward is required. But I make another point that makes the case proof positive that this bill could pass and there is no assurance from the House. The House Rules Com-mittee. There was a motion to limit the waiver of clause 6(a) of rule XIII— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous con-sent for 30 seconds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. To limit it just for motions to go to conference; rejected 4 to 9. If the House was intent on going to conference, they would have voted for this rule. It means they want to pass this bill, this skinny repeal, and send it to the President. I would urge my four colleagues and all the others to vote no until they get that assurance. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 177 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Corker Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden The amendment (No. 502) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 667 TO AMENDMENT NO . 267 (Purpose: Of a perfecting nature.) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 667. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 667 to amendment No. 267. Strike all after the first word and insert the following: 
SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Health Care Freedom Act of 2017’’. TITLE I 
SEC. 101. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 102. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015, and before Jan-uary 1, 2025)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015, and before Jan-uary 1, 2025)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF MORATORIUM ON MED-ICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4191(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 104. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO AMOUNT OF DEDUCT-IBLE AND OUT-OF-POCKET LIMITA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 223 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) I
NCREASED LIMITATION .—In the case of any month beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2021— ‘‘(A) paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’ for ‘$2,250’, and ‘‘(B) paragraph (2)(B) shall be applied by substituting ‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’ for ‘$4,500’.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.019 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4400 July 27, 2017 
SEC. 105. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds pro-vided from a program referred to in this sub-section that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— (A) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (i) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; (ii) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an abortion— (I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (II) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and (B) for which the total amount of Federal and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $1,000,000. (2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). TITLE II 
SEC. 201. THE PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH FUND. 
Subsection (b) of section 4002 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal year 2018’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (4) through (8). 
SEC. 202. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘, and an addi-tional $422,000,000 for fiscal year 2017’’ after ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 203. WAIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION. 
Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or would qualify for a reduction in’’ after ‘‘would not qualify for’’; (B) by adding after the second sentence the following: ‘‘A State may request that all of, or any portion of, such aggregate amount of such credits or reductions be paid to the State as described in the first sentence.’’; (C) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘PASS THROUGH OF FUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘F
UNDING ’’; (D) by striking ‘‘With respect’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING .—With re- spect’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—There is au-thorized to be appropriated, and is appro-priated, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $2,000,000,000, to remain available until the end of fiscal year 2019. Such amounts shall be used to provide grants to States that request financial as-sistance for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) submitting an application for a waiver granted under this section; or ‘‘(ii) implementing the State plan under such waiver.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘only’’; (3) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘180’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘No waiv-er’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘A waiver under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be in effect for a period of 8 years unless the State requests a shorter duration; ‘‘(2) may be renewed for unlimited addi-tional 8-year periods upon application by the State; and ‘‘(3) may not be cancelled by the Secretary before the expiration of the 8-year period (in-cluding any renewal period under paragraph (2)).’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the legislation I just laid down is called the Health Care Freedom Act, and it re-stores freedom to Americans that ObamaCare took away. It does so in a number of ways. First, the Health Care Freedom Act repeals the core pillars of ObamaCare. It eliminates the so-called individual mandate that forces many Americans to buy ObamaCare insurance they don’t want, can’t afford, or can’t use, and taxes those who don’t. It also re-peals the employer mandate that cuts hours, take-home pay, and job opportu-nities for workers. Second, the Health Care Freedom Act provides significant new flexibility to States. The Health Care Freedom Act gives States just the kind of flexibility they need to implement reforms that provide more options for consumers to buy the health insurance they actually want. These reforms also help make in-surance more affordable and flexible so it is something Americans actually want to buy. Finally, the Health Care Freedom Act frees Americans from ObamaCare in several other ways too. It provides 3 years of relief from the medical device tax, which increases costs, hurts inno-vation, and has drawn significant criti-cism from both sides of the aisle. It ex-pands, for 3 years, the contribution limits to health savings accounts so Americans can better manage their health costs and pay down more of their medical expenses like prescrip-tions with pretax dollars. Also, the legislation will prioritize funding for women’s health through community health centers instead of large abortion providers and political organizations. The American people have suffered under ObamaCare for too long. It is time to end the failed status quo. It is time to send legislation to the Presi-dent which will finally move our coun-try beyond the failures of ObamaCare. Passing this legislation will allow us to work with our colleagues in the House toward a final bill that could go to the President, repeal ObamaCare, and undo its damage. I urge everyone to support it. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that Senator MURRAY or her des-ignee be recognized to offer a motion to commit; further, that the remaining time be equally divided between the managers or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Washington. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I move to commit H.R. 1628 to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate with-in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the juris-diction of such committee. Mr. President, after months of secret negotiations and backroom deals and shutting out patients and families and women and Democrats and even many Republicans from the process, Repub-lican leaders continue to say they are planning to force a vote on this latest TrumpCare bill tonight—a bill even Republicans admit would throw our markets into turmoil. It is going to kick millions of people off of care, it is going to raise premiums for millions of families, it will eliminate healthcare for women across the country, and so much more—none of it good. It does not have to be this way. In fact, Republicans can still reverse this course. They can drop this once and for all and join with Democrats to get to work to actually improve healthcare, to reduce costs, to increase access, and to improve quality. We can start over with an open, transparent process, in which both sides—Democrats and Re-publicans—have a voice and one in which patients and families can make sure their priorities are being ad-dressed. Now, I know many of our Republican colleagues prefer this bipartisan route. We have heard them say it. They have said it over and over in their votes to reject the partisan TrumpCare bill and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:17 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.041 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4401 July 27, 2017 
full repeal bills this week, in their dis-cussions of hearings we should be hold-ing, and in their comments even over the past few hours, laying out how dev-astating this bill would be for patients and healthcare markets and making it clear they do not trust the House to not simply pass whatever moves through the Senate. So I call on Republicans now to join us. Let’s do what my colleague, the senior Senator from Arizona, and so many others have bravely called for. With this motion, we will send it back to the committee, where we can debate it, where we can work together, where we can do what is right for the people we represent. I urge my colleagues to support this motion to commit in the way that Re-publicans and Democrats have been talking about. I can personally assure every one of you that I will work with you—and I know other Democrats will as well—if we reject this process and send it back with this motion to com-mit to do it the right way, the respect-ful way. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, this process is an embarrassment. This is nuclear-grade bonkers what is hap-pening here tonight. We are about to reorder one-fifth of the American healthcare system, and we are going to have 2 hours to review a bill which, at first blush, stands es-sentially as healthcare system arson. This bill is lighting the American healthcare system on fire with intentionality. To use the word ‘‘free-dom’’ at its center—there is freedom in this bill. There is the freedom to go bankrupt, there is the freedom to get sick and not be able to find a doctor, and there is freedom in this bill to die early. That is not hyperbole. That is what happens when, overnight, 16 mil-lion people lose insurance. Don’t tell us that is because people all of a sudden will not be mandated to buy it. This is a vicious cycle that hap-pens. When you get rid of the mandate, every insurance company will tell you that rates skyrocket because you are not getting rid of the provision that re-quires insurance companies to price sick people the same as healthy people. CBO says that rates go up immediately by 20 percent and then 20 percent after that and then 20 percent after that. So all of a sudden you can’t have the indi-vidual mandate because nobody can af-ford to buy the product. There is a lot of freedom in this bill, it is just not the kind of freedom we all thought was at the heart of this reform measure. This is real life. It is not a game. I know lots of Members on the Re-publican side are voting for this be-cause they have some promise that even though this bill is terrible—and everybody admits it doesn’t solve any problems—it will get to a forum in which the problems can be truly solved. That is gamesmanship. That is not senatorial. That is not what this place was supposed to be. This was sup-posed to be the great deliberative body where we solved big problems, and this bill surrenders to the House of Rep-resentatives. Let’s just be honest about what is going to happen when this bill gets to the House. Maybe there will be a con-ference committee, but it will not re-solve any of the problems which have been inherent in the Republican con-ference here in the Senate. In fact, those problems will get worse because you will inject the Freedom Caucus into a Republican conference here that alone wasn’t able to come to a conclu-sion. They will argue for a couple weeks, maybe a month, and then the House will decide to proceed with a vote on this bill. There is nothing in the rules that locks this bill into the conference com-mittee once it is there. The House can pick it up out of that conference com-mittee and move it to a vote—and they will do that because none of the prob-lems that were solved here will be solved there. We have seen this happen before. Re-member the budget stalemate in which this hammer of sequestration was cre-ated, and the supercommittee was sup-posed to solve all the problems the House and the Senate couldn’t? They didn’t, and now we are stuck with se-questration—something nobody thought would happen. This is the same thing. This will not be a hammer sufficient enough to solve the dysfunction which has always been present in this proc-ess. Thus, the conference will be doomed, and this bill will become law— raising rates for everyone, locking mil-lions of people out of the system of in-surance, with no answer for the parents of those disabled kids who have been begging to get into Senators’ offices. This isn’t a game. This is real life. If this bill becomes law, real people will be hurt. We are begging our colleagues to vote for the motion to commit. Take us at our word. We want to work with you. We acknowledge there are still prob-lems that need to be solved, though we maintain there are parts of the Afford-able Care Act that are working. What if we owned the problem and the solu-tion together? What if this wasn’t a perpetual political football? There is still time for us to work this out to-gether if you support us and vote for the motion to commit. This process is an embarrassment to the U.S. Senate. This isn’t why we all came here—and don’t delude yourself into thinking that this bill you are voting on will not become law. There is a very good chance that it will, and the end result will be absolute devastation and humanitarian catastrophe visited upon this country. It doesn’t have to be this way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, it has been an amazing process. I have been here a little over 10 years, and I have never seen anything like this. We voted cloture a few days ago to move to debate. Nothing. Now we have a bill here today that as Senator M
UR-
PHY has already pointed out, will rip healthcare away from millions of peo-ple, increase premiums by 20 percent a year, and basically solve none of the problems that are out there that need to be solved that affect Americans every day, especially rural Americans. I must thank the Senator from Wash-ington, Mrs. M
URRAY , for the motion to take this back to committee. This is where we should have started. We should have started in the committee process like our forefathers had de-signed this place to work, the greatest deliberative body in the world, but it didn’t. Every bill has been drafted by a select few in a backroom, with no input from anybody, especially people from rural America. So it is really time, folks, to open this process up. As I have gone around the State of Montana—and I have for the last 8 months—talking to folks about healthcare in rural America, they are very nervous. I am going to tell you something. If people cannot pay their bills because they don’t have health in-surance or they don’t have the money, it is going to put these small hospitals at risk, these rural hospitals at risk. I will tell you a little bit about the town I grew up in. This is a town where my grandparents homesteaded over 100 years ago. From the time of the home-stead era until the midsixties, they didn’t have a hospital. Their hospital was the top floor of a place that sold dry goods. In the midsixties, they fi-nally scratched up enough money, and they built a hospital. Big Sandy is not near as big today as it was back then. I am going to tell you, the hospital administrators from these small hospitals, the folks in the Montana Hospital Association have told me that if charity care goes up, they could close and at a bare min-imum change their method of delivery for healthcare. What does that do to a small town? Oftentimes, the hospital is the largest employer in that town. They usually fight with the school district for that honor. You take the hospital out, you take the heart and soul out of that community. You want to see a mass exodus from rural America, even bigger than it has been over the last 50 years? Pass this bill. Pass this bill. This isn’t about numbers, and it isn’t about words; it is about people. Big Sandy is not unique. Every rural town in the State of Montana that has a hos-pital is in that position. It is the same thing in Wyoming. It is the same thing in North and South Dakota. It is prob-ably the same thing in more urban States that have rural areas, where these small hospitals will be put at risk of closure. It is not right. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.077 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4402 July 27, 2017 
I am going to tell you that if we fol-low the process that should be followed in this great body, we would take this healthcare bill and put it back in com-mittee, have a debate, listen to ideas from everybody, rural and urban alike—farmers and ranchers, businesspeople, healthcare profes-sionals, families, doctors, nurses—and we could come up with a bill that could work for this country. But that is sim-ply not the case here tonight, and we should not be proud of this at all. Our forefathers set up a great system that can work, and the majority has chosen to ignore that system. It is a disgrace to the Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Who yields time? The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, let’s look at how all this started. Right down this hall, a few months ago, Senator M
CCONNELL , a handful of Republican Senators, the drug lobbyists, insurance company lobbyists, and Wall Street lobbyists met in that office behind closed doors. Most Republican Senators didn’t know what was happening, no Democratic Senators knew what was happening, and the American public didn’t know what was happening. This bill—written by drug companies, insurance companies, and Wall Street— was sent to the Senate floor, was dis-cussed, and, alas, it was big tax cuts for the drug companies and the insur-ance companies. When you think about this, you have U.S. Senators who get taxpayer-sub-sidized insurance, Senators who get in-surance provided by taxpayers who are going to rip it away from potentially 700–, 800–, 900,000 Ohioans. I stand with Governor Kasich. Gov-ernor Kasich said: You don’t pass legis-lation—you don’t meet in the major-ity’s leader’s office down the hall here, write legislation with drug company and insurance company lobbyists, and then take Medicaid away, take insur-ance away, disrupt the insurance mar-kets. You just don’t do things that way. A professor of healthcare finance at Case Western in Cleveland wrote yes-terday that millions would lose cov-erage and that middle-income Ameri-cans would be ‘‘priced out of the mar-ket.’’ If I could talk for a moment about what happens to individuals, yesterday I was on the phone with Donna May from Gahanna, OH. She told me: 
My mother is 91 years old. She worked hard all her life. I’m 73 years old and still work. Without Medicaid, or even large cuts in Medicaid, I will not be able to care for my Mom. 
Donna and so many others pay into Social Security. They pay into Medi-care. They pay into unemployment in-surance. And then this Congress is going to cut their Medicaid. This Con-gress is going to take money away from them when they need it, when they run out of money at the end of their lives and they are in nursing homes. Is that what we stand for as a country? In Toledo, I talked to Kelly Peterson. Her dad is in a nursing home and relies on Medicare. She told me: My family would be devastated by these proposed cuts to Medicaid. My dad worked in the auto industry and paid into the system 30 years. Now when he needs it most, con-servatives in Congress want to take it all away. 
Again, these people paid into Social Security. They paid into Medicare. Now we are going to take their insur-ance away from them as they grow older. A bunch of Members of Congress who have insurance provided by tax-payers think it is morally OK to strip the insurance from millions of people in our States. Again, I side with Governor Kasich. I am a Democrat. He is a Republican. He is as repulsed as I am that down this hall, Senator M
CCONNELL and Repub-lican leadership, with the drug and in-surance company lobbyists, wrote this bill. I stand with Governor Kasich, who wants to do a simple thing: Stop this outrageous attempt tonight. Sit down with Republicans and Democrats in both parties. I could sit with Senator P
ORTMAN . We could come up with legis-lation to fix the Affordable Care Act; to encourage more young, healthy peo-ple into the insurance pools; to sta-bilize the insurance market; to go after the outrageous cost of prescription drugs; maybe even to open up Medicare eligibility for people between 55 and 64. It is not complicated. The special interests have taken over this Chamber. We should be ashamed of ourselves. We ought to do this right. I ask my colleagues to vote yes on the Murray motion to recommit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise in support of the motion to commit by my friend from the State of Wash-ington. Let me tell you why. We have a problem that most all of you have in your States, which is opioids. This opioid addiction that goes on is affecting everybody—not just Democrats, not just Republicans. I don’t care whether you are poor or rich or whether you are conservative or lib-eral—it has no base at all; it is a silent killer. For the first time, under the Afford-able Care Act, we are able to get some treatment. We have not been able to do that before. The only treatment people have gotten before—when a parent comes to you and says: I just have to hope my child—if my child gets ar-rested, they can go into drug court, and maybe they can get some care, some treatment. For the first time, through Medicaid, we can give treatment for opioid addic-tion. We never had this chance before, never had this opportunity. It is really lifesaving for these people. It gets them back into the workforce, too, and they can clean up their lives. They really want this done. We are talking about 33,000 Ameri-cans who lost their lives in 2015. In any other scenario, that would be an epi-demic or a pandemic. Here we go. We still don’t have any adequate treat-ment centers. We have no way that we can go forward and fight this illness. We sit here and talk about it. Now we are talking about, well, we know 16 million people are going to be thrown off. We know that. We know the premiums will go up 20 percent. Some one said: You know, you can still have preexisting conditions. We are going to take care of them. They can find it. It is available. I have said this before: A Rolls Royce is available to me; I just can’t afford to buy it. That is what we are going to be faced with. But this is fixable. What we have said about fixable, we as Democrats—there are those of us in this body who will sit down—as Senator MURRAY has said— will sit down tonight. We will start to-night if you want to and look at ways we can make this more effective, more beneficial for everybody. When you think about the reinsur-ance, we know it has worked in Alaska. The Affordable Care Act—the so-called ObamaCare—has been out long enough now that we know where the problems are, we know where the fixes need to be, and we know how do it. We have seen Alaska do something that looks very promising. Also, when Vice President P
ENCE was Governor in Indiana, they did a Med-icaid expansion in Indiana. They are putting in accountability and responsi-bility. It has great effects. My good friend Mitch Daniels was the Governor at the time they put this plan into place, and it has worked and worked well. We are willing to sit and talk. These are good things. We think we can make this happen. We have been shut down at every turn. I have said: This is not how we were taught in West Virginia. It is not how we do business. We sit down and work through it. I don’t care what side of the aisle you are on—we came here to do the right thing for the country. We are all Amer-icans. We all have something in com-mon. We are all on the same team, I hope, and that is Team America. Let’s fix this. Let me tell you what will happen if you don’t fix it. Let me tell you what will happen for the people who lose it. Do you know where they go back to? And I don’t know why people think there is a savings involved. They are going back to the emergency room. When I was Governor, every year they came to me and said: Governor M
ANCHIN , we need $12 million for a rural hospital. We gave all this charity care away. They are going to go back to that. Do you think that is quality? There is no preventive care. There is no planning. There is nothing to help these people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.079 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4403 July 27, 2017 
have a better quality of life. We are going to pay again. We are going pay dearly for this. We are not going to have any chance to get people back in the workforce. All we are asking for, please vote for Senator M
URRAY ’s motion to recom-mit. Give us a chance to do what we were sent here to do. Let’s work the legislation. Let’s sit down and find the commonality that we can find as Americans and move forward with a piece of legislation that can change people’s lives, that can save people’s lives and can give them hope again for the first time. That is all we are asking for. I would ask each and every one of us to search our souls and our hearts while we are here, what we are here to do, what our purpose of being here is, and give us a chance to fix a healthcare system that needs to be fixed but also needs to be available for the people in my great State of West Virginia and everyone in this great country. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, this bill is the product of the most se-cretive and partisan process I have seen in my 10 years in the Senate. Who did the magicians who came up with this listen to? They obviously didn’t listen to the doctors. The American Medical Association is opposed to this. The American Pediatric Society is op-posed to this. The American Academy of Family Physicians is opposed to this. Certainly the doctors didn’t get a chance to get heard in this process. How about the hospitals? The Amer-ican Hospital Association is opposed to this. Catholic hospitals are opposed to this. Rural hospitals are warning that this could end their very existence. Let’s have a process that gives the hos-pitals a chance to be listened to. The nurses in Rhode Island are op-posed to this. I think nurses around the country are opposed to this. Why not have an open process that gives the nurses a chance to be heard? Our community health centers are opposed to this. They have been to Washington to say: Please don’t do this. You will be hurting real people whom we care for. Illness advocacy groups—the people they are fighting for are stuck in this healthcare system with serious ill-nesses. Did we listen to the American Cancer Society? No. Did we listen to the American Lung Association? No. We didn’t even listen to the hemophilia group, for Pete’s sake. Addiction treat-ment groups are against this. We have listened to nobody. We didn’t even listen to the Republican Governors, let alone the Democratic Governors, like my Governor, who is telling me: We are working fine. We having people on Medicaid. Our ex-changes are working. Why fire this torpedo into perfectly working exchanges when we can be working on fixing the few where it is not working? Why are we here? Who is behind this? Who was telling the little group of ma-gicians in their secretive back room what to do? This is what happens when a party becomes beholden to a small handful of creepy billionaires and stops listening to the people. They are con-ducting a freakish social experiment on other people’s health coverage, be-cause you can bet those billionaires have all the coverage they need, but they have this ideology about taking coverage away from people by the mil-lions. And our Republican friends are standing up in lockstep to march the billionaire march on a bill that every-body hates and that will cause damage in everybody’s home State. And it doesn’t matter because the billionaires have the dark money, the dark money floods our politics, and everybody marches to the tune of the anonymous billionaires. We could be doing great things. We could be solving the known problem of end-of-life care and making sure people get their wishes honored at that pre-cious time. We could be dealing with opioid and behavioral health issues that are bedeviling communities across this country. We could be helping doc-tors with payment reform that lets them treat people in a way that keeps them healthier, rather than having to wait to be paid until they do stuff to people—running up the cost of healthcare. We could be dealing with hospital-ac-quired infections. How many people know someone who had a hospital-ac-quired infection, which brings enor-mous costs into the system as you have to treat it? Do we address that? No, be-cause we didn’t bother to listen to the hospitals. We could do something about phar-maceutical prices. People in America are irate about jacked-up pharma-ceutical prices, driven up by people who aren’t even in the drug manufac-turing industry but are just specu-lating on their ability to use monopoly pricing to drive up prices. But they put money into the system, so they get what they want. This bill is a nightmare in and of its own, and it is a colossal missed oppor-tunity to do something good for the American people that will actually help them. So let’s support Senator M
URRAY ’s motion to recommit and just try the regular order that the majority leader has proclaimed he was a cham-pion of for year after year, until the creepy billionaires said to him: We are giving you the money; this is the bill we want. We don’t care about those people or those hospitals. Shove it through because it suits our ideology. This is no way to govern. Give the people, the hospitals, the doctors, the nurses, the community health centers, and the people suffering from illnesses at least a chance to be heard in some kind of open environment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, at last count, I think it was the Gallup poll that found 12 percent of the American people had confidence in the U.S. Con-gress. I think we are on our way to-night to single digits because in the modern history of this country there has never been a process as absurd as what we are seeing right here. We are talking about legislation that impacts one-sixth of the American economy—over $3 trillion. We are talk-ing about legislation, because it is healthcare, that impacts every man, woman, and child in this country. Mr. President, maybe you can help me. How many public hearings have we had dealing with legislation that is of enormous significance to tens of mil-lions of people? Well, I will help you with the answer: There have been zero hearings. What impact will this legislation have on doctors who are trying to treat us every day? One might think that we would hear from the doctors of the American Medical Association to tell us how this legislation would impact their work. We have not had one public hearing to hear from one doctor. What has the American Hospital As-sociation had to say about how this legislation would impact rural hos-pitals in America, many of which may close down? They have not had one mo-ment, one opportunity to say one word on this legislation. We are proceeding here with major legislation written behind closed doors by a handful of Republicans. Most Re-publicans have not been involved in this process, let alone Democrats, let alone the American people. By the way, when we think of the American people, how do they feel about this legislation? Well, the last poll that I saw was USA Today. They had 12 percent of the American people thinking that this legislation makes sense. Well, maybe the American peo-ple got it wrong. How do the major healthcare organizations in America feel about this legislation—the people who are on the cutting edge, the people who do the work every day? Well, guess what. The AMA, the American Medical Association, is opposed; the American Hospital Association is opposed; AARP, the largest senior group in America, is opposed because they know the horren-dous impact this will have in raising premiums for older workers; the Amer-ican Cancer Society is opposed; the American Heart Association is op-posed; the American Academy of Fam-ily Physicians is opposed; the Amer-ican Academy of Pediatrics is opposed; the American Psychiatric Association is opposed. Virtually every major na-tional healthcare organization is op-posed to this disastrous legislation. So the American people are opposed, and the healthcare organizations all across this country are opposed. The bill was written behind closed doors. Yet, under those circumstances, they want to bring it to the floor for a vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.080 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4404 July 27, 2017 
Now, what most Americans are sit-ting around and thinking—they are saying: Look, the Affordable Care Act has done some good things. Before the Affordable Care Act, we had some 50 million people without any health in-surance. The Affordable Care Act pro-vided insurance for about 20 million people. That is no small thing. In the majority leader’s own State of Kentucky, the rate of uninsured went from 20 percent down to 7 percent. That is pretty good—not great, but it is pretty good. In West Virginia, the rate of uninsured went way down. We have seen 20 million people gain insur-ance. We have dealt with the Afford-able Care Act under a total obscenity; that is, if somebody had a serious ill-ness—breast cancer, diabetes—they could not get insurance at an afford-able cost because of a preexisting con-dition. How insane is that? The Amer-ican people said that is nonsense. What is the function of insurance if not to cover us when we need it the most for those illnesses that we have had? We ended that absurdity. That was a good thing. The Affordable Care Act has done other very important things. Have you heard one Member of this body say that the Affordable Care Act is perfect? Have you heard one person here say that the Affordable Care Act does not need to be improved? Of course, it does. Right now, throughout this country—in my State of Vermont and all over this country—deductibles are too high. I have talked to people with $5,000, $10,000 deductibles. They can’t go to the doctor when they should. We have to lower deductibles. Copayments are too high. Premiums are too high. I will tell you something else. Donald Trump ran for President, and he cam-paigned, and he said: I am going to stand with the working people of this country. Prescription drug costs are too high. I am going to take on the pharmaceutical industry. We are going to lower prescription drug costs in America. Today, if you can believe it, one out of five Americans under 65 can-not afford to fill the prescription their doctors write. Today, somebody walked into a pharmacy and found that the cost of the medicine they have been using for 10 years has doubled, maybe tripled, because we have no legislation that stops the drug companies from charging us anything they want. And they will charge us anything they want. The result is, we have the high-est prices in the world for prescription drugs. Those are the problems that the American people want answers to: Deductibles are too high, premiums are too high, copayments are too high, and prescription drug costs are too high. We are not doing enough good work in primary healthcare. Too many people, even with insurance, cannot find the doctors they need. There are many other problems. Those are what the American people want us to solve. This legislation only makes a very bad situation worse. How do you im-prove healthcare in America when you throw 16 million people off of the health insurance they currently have? How do you improve healthcare in America when, according to the CBO, premiums are going to go up 20 percent every year? Let’s get that clear: 20 per-cent on January 1, another 20 percent the following year—that is 40 percent— and another 20 percent the year after. Do you think this is really improving healthcare, bringing freedom to the American people? I think not. So what is the solution? The solution is—I know this is a radical idea—that maybe we should do what the Amer-ican people want us to do and not what special, powerful interests want, not what billionaire campaign contributors want—whose rightwing ideology wants to end government services for working families all across this country. I hope that we will have the common sense and the decency to sit down, throw the problems on the table, and then resolve them. I think we can do that. That is why we have to end this absurd process. We have to go back to regular order, which simply means go back to the committee. I am a member of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee. Let’s have that discussion. Let’s hear different ideas. Let’s solve problems. Let us not make a bad situa-tion worse, and let us not make the American people even feel more con-temptuous of this institution than they currently do. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. I thank my colleague from Vermont. Mr. President, in my hand is one of the closely kept secrets in Washington, DC. These eight pages have been so carefully guarded that for 3 days, we have been on the floor of the U.S. Sen-ate waiting for this moment. Within the last hour, the Republicans finally released their plan to change healthcare for every American. We have been waiting a long time. They have been meeting behind closed doors, in secret sessions, writing what I have in my hand. You have to think to yourself, why would they do it in secret? If this is something that will affect every American, family, busi-ness, and individual and if they are proud of what they have done, why did they wait so long? Well, when you read it, you can understand it, because this measure proposed by the Republican leadership makes things worse for American families when it comes to health insurance. It has a great name. I am sure some-body invested time thinking about this one: The Health Care Freedom Act. It appears that for 16 million Americans, they will be free of health insurance protection; 16 million Americans will lose their health insurance protection because of this Republican plan. Every other American buying health insur-ance will be free to pay 20 percent more each year for the premiums on their health insurance. You don’t have to be a math major to figure out compound interest at 20 percent a year. By the fourth year, you are knocking on a 100- percent increase in your premiums. Your health insurance premiums will double in about 4 years under the Re-publican plan. Is that why they started this debate, so they could take health insurance away from millions of Americans and raise the cost of health insurance for others? Four Senators had a press con-ference this evening at 5 p.m. I watched it carefully. I listened as my colleagues came to the floor and those four Sen-ators described this plan. They had seen it, this so-called skinny repeal plan. One of the Senators said that this plan was a ‘‘fraud,’’ it was a ‘‘disaster,’’ it would have a disastrous impact on the premiums charged to people he rep-resented in his State, and it didn’t achieve the goal of reforming and re-pairing the Affordable Care Act. I will quickly add—because you will think, well, we expect the Democrats to say that—this was a press conference of four Republican Senators about 6 hours ago. They had read the Republican plan and called it a ‘‘fraud,’’ a ‘‘disaster,’’ raising premiums, and not really bring-ing reform to healthcare in America. It will take only one of those four Senators to stand up and speak up and vote no for the right thing to happen— for this proposal to go to committee where it should have started and to be considered by the experts first, so we know its real impact, and then to have an amendment process where better ideas might be offered and debated and added to this proposal—benefits voted out of committee. Then bring it to the floor of the U.S. Senate for the same thing to happen. Do you know who came up with the radical idea that we should go through the committee process and both parties participate in writing this reform? None other than Senator J
OHNMCCAIN. He came to this floor a couple of days ago. It was a historic moment. Every-one—both political parties—was cheer-ing this man whom we have served with and love and respect. And he warned us. He warned us that if we didn’t do this together—Democrats and Republicans—the results would be ter-rible. Can you afford terrible results when it comes to healthcare for your family, for you, for your baby? Of course, you can’t. We have to do our level best not to win the political debate but to win the confidence of the American people that we understand how to make healthcare better and more responsive in America. I have been through a lot of meas-ures, and I have voted on a lot of things over the years. My proudest vote was for the Affordable Care Act, because I knew we would extend the reach, protection, and peace of mind of health insurance to millions of Ameri-cans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.081 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4405 July 27, 2017 
I had an experience early in my life. I was newly married and had a brand new baby girl with a serious health issue, and I had no health insurance— none. I went to the local hospital here, waiting in the charity ward, in the hopes that the doctor who walked through that door would be the one who would save my baby’s life. I thought to myself: I will never let that happen again. I will have health insur-ance, no matter what it takes, the rest of my life. I know the feeling, and some others do too. I don’t want American families and individuals to go through this. I want them to have the peace of mind and protection of good health insurance. That is why this Republican proposal taking health insurance away from 16 million Americans is such a travesty. That is why the notion of raising health insurance costs beyond the reach of working families is so wrong and so disgraceful, and that is why, with the help of one more Republican Senator, we can send this measure back to a committee where it can be seriously considered, worked on, im-proved, and passed so that we can say to the American people: We did our job as Senators. We did what J
OHNMCCAIN challenged us to do—to come together on a bipartisan basis and to make this a better bill. I am glad my colleagues are here this evening. I am glad to see my friend from the State of Wyoming who is here. We have worked on many issues together. We disagree on this one, but I hope that he will realize and the oth-ers will, too, that this secret that they have kept from the American people is plain wrong. It is a secret that now it has been outed. It has to be put to rest. Let’s do this the right way. Let’s do it for the well-being and health of Amer-ica families across this Nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I stand today sort of feeling like a great New Jerseyan named Yogi Berra, who has a saying that ‘‘this is deja vu all over again.’’ The reason why it feels like deja vu all over again to me is because I have been watching this process move along. When the House first tried to push through a healthcare bill, I was so proud that the American public—Re-publicans and Democrats—were out-raged and stopped that version 1 in the House. But then version 2 was rushed through without a CBO score, and they got it done. We heard Republicans in the House literally saying on the record: I so hope that they will fix this in the Senate; maybe something will happen in the Senate that this will get fixed. Well, now I have deja vu all over again, and it is because we see a whole bunch of folks—and now we have heard Republican Senators say this on the record: Gosh, we know what we are doing is flawed; we know what we are doing is wrong; we know the process has been outrageous, but our hope is, if we can get it into the conference com-mittee, then they will fix it in the con-ference committee. Well, I am proud to be a U.S. Sen-ator. But, dear God, this is not what this body is about—to push their re-sponsibilities off, to derelict their du-ties, and to not make legislation hap-pen here that puts people first. We all know this process is broken. We all know that what we are doing here is not just imperfect. Many of us see this, like the CBO, as a serious threat to millions of Americans. We are about to do something that is unconscionable to me to be in the Sen-ate, where I have seen this place work, I have seen regular order, I have seen hearings, I have seen witnesses brought in, and I have seen people work hard on crafting actual legislation. So now this is just going to be shoved over with the hope in this body that, even though the House didn’t do their job and the Presi-dent of the United States even criti-cized what the House did and called it ‘‘mean,’’ it gets kicked over to the Sen-ate, and the Senate is refusing to do their job. They are just passing the buck to something called a conference committee, where they are going to hope again. So I stand here, and I just have to confess that this has been 2 days for me where I haven’t just been frustrated and angry like so many Americans. I have actually been struggling with being a little sick. I started feeling it about 2 days ago. By yesterday my throat was so sore, I went to bed. I had a horrible night, got up, and could barely even swallow. I had the worry in my head that maybe I had strep throat. But guess what. Unlike the thou-sands of New Jerseyans who have reached out to me, for me to worry about an illness, maybe that I have strep throat—I went to a doctor today. I had myself tested for strep. You see, we, in this body, enjoy health coverage, which right now millions of Americans are worried about losing, and many other ones worry, as we heard said to-night, about copays and prescription drug costs. I wonder where the justice is in that. What are the American values that hold us all together? I know we pledge allegiance to that flag. We put our hands on our hearts, and we swear this oath to liberty and justice for all. Where is the justice in this country, where some people who are favored and privileged enough and wealthy enough to afford good health coverage can have it, but for other folks, a night with a bad sore throat or, worse, with a disability or disease—where is their justice in the wealthiest country on the planet Earth? We can’t even, in this body, come together and do what the President said in his campaign that he would do—everyone would be cov-ered and have healthcare that—I think the quote was this—was terrific. Well, it brings me back to what our values are as a country, and I wonder: For we who believe in life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness, how can we have life when we see millions of people about to be thrown off their health coverage? We in this Nation hold these values so dear. We believe that all are created equal and, in my belief, should have equal rights and equal opportunities for the basics that are necessary to succeed and to com-pete, and that is health insurance. I wonder how we have gotten to a point as a body on an issue like this that is not just one-sixth of our econ-omy, that will not just affect millions and millions of lives, but that really goes to the core of who we are as a country. This great man, Patrick Henry, said: ‘‘Give me liberty or give me death.’’ Those words have been coming back to me a lot in the last months of this de-bate and this discussion: ‘‘Give me lib-erty or give me death.’’ Well, what is the quality of the lib-erty in this country, where there are people who are shackled with prevent-ible disease and conditions that could be treated because they don’t have ac-cess to healthcare? What is the quality of liberty in this country, where people are chained to poverty, have to sell their cars, have to sell their homes, and go into bankruptcy because they can’t afford their healthcare coverage? ‘‘Give me liberty or give me death.’’ What is the quality of the liberty when people are imprisoned by fear and worry and stress because they have a sick child or they have a parent who is elderly and needs care? These are the values of this country, and I don’t un-derstand how we could be at this mo-ment right now with the ideas that I have heard on both sides of the aisle to make healthcare better, to improve upon the Affordable Care Act, to ex-tend health coverage to even more peo-ple, to make this Nation live up to its most powerful and profound values that made us a light unto nations, and how we could have gotten to this point now after gaining ground, after having more people experience the freedom and the liberty that comes from not having to worry about your health cov-erage, from having access to quality healthcare? How can we have moved forward and now be about, in a matter of hours, to push this Nation back? I don’t understand how we could be here where no one can justify the process and no one can justify this body having gone through such a contorted process that bends our traditions and breaks our values. I do not understand how we could have gotten here. Who will be hurt? Who will be hurt? I have read lots of studies recently about how, when health insurance rates goes down, mortality rates go up, and when health insurance rates go down, mortality rates go up. It makes me wonder about the duty that we each have to each other as Americans. As a man of faith, it makes me wonder about all of us who profess our faith and how we could be allowing a process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.083 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4406 July 27, 2017 
to go forward where the most vulner-able among us will face fear and depri-vation and will see things that will cost life and have them surrender lib-erty. We are better than this. This Na-tion is greater than this. This moment casts a shame and a shadow over the soul and the heart of America, and I will fight even in these last hours with every breath that I have, like the patriots before us, not to allow this to happen to my fellow Americans. This is unjust, this is wrong, and we can and must in these hours do better. Let’s send this bill into committees. Let’s do this process as this institution was designed to have it done. Let’s open the doors of the Capitol and invite America to come—the American Med-ical Association, the American Cancer Society, hospital associations. Let’s in-vite the AARP. Let’s have America come down here. Let’s join together like our forefathers and foremothers have done to expand liberty, to expand opportunity, to extend hope. We can do that. All of us collectively have that power, and it is what the people want right now. This is not what the people want. What we are about to vote on has only seen the light of day for a matter of minutes now—a matter of minutes. This Nation was founded with a proc-lamation that we the people—this idea that all of us together—can do better, that when we join together, when we stand together, when we fight together, and when we work together, we can create a transcendent reality. That is the story of America, and this is not. This is the betrayal of our values. This is the betrayal of our history. This is the betrayal of the great body in which we all are Members. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, so many of us have spoken so many times now against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which would hurt millions and millions of people in our country and especially the sickest, poorest, and oldest among us. I would say that I am probably the only Senator here who was not born in a hospital. I was born at home in rural Japan. I lost a sister to pneumonia when she was only 2 years old in Japan. She died at home, not in a hospital, where maybe her life could have been saved. It is hard for me to talk about this. I think you can tell. Give me a mo-ment. When I came to this country as an immigrant, my mother brought me and my brothers to this country so we could have a chance at a better life. We came here with nothing. She had low- paying jobs. There was no health cov-erage. Growing up as a young girl in Hawaii, my greatest fear was that my mother would get sick and, if she got sick, how were we going to pay for her care, and how would she go to work? If she didn’t go to work, there would be no pay, there would be no money. I know what it is like to run out of money at the end of the month. That was my life as an immigrant here. Now, here I am, a U.S. Senator. I am fighting kidney cancer, and I am just so grateful that I had health insurance so that I could concentrate on the care that I needed rather than how the heck I was going to afford the care that is going to probably save my life. Guess what. When I was diagnosed with kidney cancer and facing my first surgery, I heard from so many of my colleagues, including so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, who wrote to me wonderful notes sharing with me their own experience with major illness in their families or with their loved ones. You showed me your care. You showed me your compassion. Where is that tonight? I can’t believe that a single Senator in this body has not faced an illness or whose family member or loved one has not faced illness who was not so grate-ful that they had healthcare. I cannot believe there is a single Senator who has not experienced that in their fam-ily or their lives. I know how important healthcare is. What is in here? Why doesn’t every sin-gle Senator know that? Why are we here tonight voting on a bill that has not had a single hearing? Why are we here tonight voting on a bill that would eliminate healthcare coverage that could save lives for 16 million peo-ple? Why are we here voting on a bill that would probably mean that people like me, millions in this country, who are now in the ranks of those receiving care with preexisting conditions will not get the healthcare we need? Why are we here tonight? Where is your compassion? Where is the care you showed me when I was diagnosed with my illness? I find it hard to believe that we can sit here and vote on a bill that is going to hurt millions and millions of people in our country. We are better than that. I listened to J
OHNMCCAINcalling on us to have hearings and to do the right thing, and I am so saddened he was un-able to move us in that direction. I would call on him tonight to vote his conscience, to vote for us who say we are going to stand for the millions of people in our country who will be hurt by what we are contemplating tonight. Mr. President, I will yield the floor by asking my friends to show the com-passion to everybody in this country that you showed me. We all should be voting to send this bill to committee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I also rise with my colleagues, tremendously moved by the powerful words of my friend from Hawaii: Why can’t you show compassion to others that you showed to me? That is a haunting ques-tion, and I hope people will hear that not just with their ears but with their hearts. I also support the motion to do what we should have done in January—to commit this important topic to the committee that has jurisdiction over it. A few years ago, there was a popular thing to do, and that was to wear a button or bracelet with the letters WWJD. That button and bracelet stood for ‘‘What would Jesus do.’’ I was on the floor the other night, and I don’t think that is a very hard question be-cause in Matthew 25, he basically tells us: I was sick and you cared for me. In different translations: I was sick and you looked after me. I was sick and you visited me. I was sick and you took care of me. I think the answer to WWJD is pretty straightforward to-night. I am going to talk about a different JOHN MCCAIN. JOHN MCCAIN, based on the tremendously moving presentation he made on the floor the other day, one that led us to a standing ovation be-cause he talked about how this body should work, he said that things weren’t working here as they should for the American public. He said we needed to fix the Senate and be an ex-ample for the public. We needed to re-store confidence, and the way to do that would be to return to operate as the Senate should operate, with put-ting bills in committees and having hearings and listening to the public and, most importantly, listening to each other. That is the process J
OHN MCCAIN’s committee just used, the Armed Serv-ices Committee, to get a unanimous de-fense authorizing bill to the floor, which I hope we will take up in the next few days. I just want to spend a few minutes talking about if that is what we should do. If those words led us to leap to our feet in a standing ovation, why are we standing here 2 days later preparing to break every suggestion and rec-ommendation he made to us? When should we start the process of listening to each other and listening to the American public? Should we start on an inconsequential issue that doesn’t matter? I think now is the time to start. I think we all know it is the time to start. If we didn’t believe in our heart that now was the time to start fixing this place, we wouldn’t have leapt to our feet and given Sen-ator M
CCAINa standing ovation. This is the time, and this is the issue to start fixing this place and doing what we do with the spirit that is worthy of the American people who sent us here. Why is now the right time? First, be-cause this issue is so important to peo-ple. You heard moving—moving—words from our friend from Hawaii and our friend from New Jersey. We have all spent months going from town to town in our States having people come plead with us for solutions. I shared stories about being in the medical clinic in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.085 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4407 July 27, 2017 
Appalachia a week ago tomorrow and seeing the tremendous need in this richest and most compassionate Nation on Earth. There is nothing about a person’s life that is more important than their health. There is no expenditure that a human being ever makes that is as im-portant as an expenditure they make for their health. This is the right issue to start fixing this place because it is important to people. It is important to the economy. This is the largest sector of the American economy. We are proposing to reorient one-sixth of the American economy on a snap vote, in the middle of the night, without having a single hearing or lis-tening to a single expert. It is an important issue because we definitely need to hear from the public. You know, committee hearings sound kind of wonky. We haven’t had a com-mittee hearing. What does that mean? What it means is, we haven’t had a wit-ness table where a patient or a doctor or the American Cancer Society or oth-ers could stand up and share their points of view. We need to listen, and if we don’t listen, we will not get this right. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. KAINE. I ask unanimous consent for 2 minutes to close, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KAINE. The time is right be-cause the consequences are so severe: 16 million people lose insurance, 20 per-cent premiums compounding over the years, insurance markets skyrocketing and unstable, and Planned Parenthood defunded—the healthcare provider of choice for 3 million women. The final reason we should do this the right way, not the wrong way, is what was said by Senator G
RAHAM just a few hours ago. He described the bill that is now on the floor, the skinny re-peal, the skinny bill, as a policy is a disaster as a replacement for ObamaCare. It is a fraud. Is ‘‘fraudulent disaster’’ the best that the United States Senate can do now? Is that now the bar we have to get over? If we can say something is a fraudulent disaster, it is suddenly good enough to vote for? That is salt in the wound of a family that is worried about their sick child. That is salt in the wound of anybody who is worried about what would happen to their fam-ily tomorrow. Will they lose insurance? Will they pay more? Will they be blocked from going to Planned Parent-hood? If this body passes a bill that even Members who vote for it claim is a fraudulent disaster, how do you think the American public will view this body? How will they view the degree of care and concern we exhibit to them? This is not the best the Senate can do. We can do much better than this, we must do much better than this, and I ask my colleagues to send this to committee where we can listen to one another and get this right. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, few issues are as important or personal to the American people as healthcare, which is why this debate has been so fervent and ignites such passion. On the one hand, the Affordable Care Act, ACA, has allowed millions of indi-viduals and families to obtain health insurance for the first time. It has also brought important patient protections like those for people with preexisting conditions and prohibitions on annual and lifetime limits on insurance pay-ments for needed care. On the other hand, too many Ameri-cans face skyrocketing premiums and unaffordable deductibles coupled with mandates that give them few, if any, choices. Some insurance plans have be-come so restrictive that families find they can no longer go to the doctor or hospital of their choice. In addition, the ACA’s employer mandate discour-ages businesses from creating jobs or giving their workers more hours, while its tax credits and subsidies are de-signed so poorly as to cause ‘‘wage lock’’—‘‘where working harder to get ahead can instead make some Ameri-cans fall further behind.’’ Despite President Obama’s campaign promise that his health plan ‘‘would save the average family $2,500 on their premiums’’ per year, the opposite has happened as premiums are increasing in nearly every State, with an average increase of 25 percent nationally last year. Today, despite the implementa-tion of the ACA, 28 million Americans remain uninsured. These problems require a bipartisan solution. The Democrats made a big mistake when they passed the ACA without a single Republican vote. I don’t want to see Republicans make the same mistake. Earlier this week, I voted against proceeding to healthcare reform legis-lation—the American Health Care Act of 2017—that passed the House of Rep-resentatives last May without a single Democratic vote. For many Americans, this bill could actually make the situa-tion worse. Among other things, the bill would make sweeping changes to the Medicaid Program—an important safety net that for more than 50 years has helped poor and disabled individ-uals, including children and low-in-come seniors, receive health care. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice, CBO, projects that the number of uninsured Americans would climb by 23 million under this bill. Senate leaders, recognizing that the House bill did not have sufficient sup-port, advanced their own substitute proposal that would make similar structural changes to the Medicaid pro-gram, as well as many other changes. CBO estimates that this plan would re-duce the number of people with insur-ance by 22 million, cause premiums and other out-of-pocket costs to soar for Americans nearing retirement, and shift billions of dollars of costs to State governments. It also would un-dermine the financial stability of rural hospitals and long-term care facilities and likely lead to the loss of important consumer protections for many Ameri-cans, while doing virtually nothing to address the underlying problem of esca-lating healthcare costs. Earlier this week, this body struck down that pro-posal by a vote of 43 to 57. A separate proposal that would sim-ply repeal the ACA without a replace-ment also failed, by a vote of 45 to 55. That legislation, according to CBO, would result in 32 million people losing their insurance, bringing the total number of uninsured Americans to 60 million a decade from now. Clearly, that is going in the wrong direction. In a final effort to reach consensus, Republican leaders have pieced to-gether a plan that would repeal key portions of the ACA while punting on many of the more difficult questions. While I support many of the compo-nents of this plan, this approach will not provide the market stability and premium relief that is needed. In fact, a bipartisan group of Governors wrote Senate leaders this week, urging rejec-tion of this so-called skinny plan, which they say ‘‘is expected to accel-erate health plans leaving the indi-vidual market, increase premiums, and result in fewer Americans having ac-cess to coverage.’’ I ask unanimous consent that the letter be printed in the RECORD fol-lowing my remarks. Also included in all of these plans is a misguided proposal that would block Federal funds, including Medicaid re-imbursements, from going to Planned Parenthood. Millions of women across the country rely on Planned Parent-hood for family planning, cancer screening, and basic preventive healthcare services. Denying women access to Planned Parenthood not only runs contrary to our goal of letting pa-tients choose the healthcare provider who best fits their needs, but it also could impede timely access to care. If Planned Parenthood were defunded, other family planning clinics in Maine, including community health centers, would see a 63 percent increase in their patient load. Some patients would need to drive greater distances to receive care, while others would have to wait longer for an appoint-ment, Let me be clear that this is not about abortion. Federal law already prohibits the use of Federal funds to pay for abortion except in cases of rape, incest, or when the life of the mother is at risk. This is about interfering with the ability of a woman to choose the healthcare provider who is right for her. This harmful provision should have no place in legislation that pur-ports to be about restoring patient choices and freedom. We need to reconsider our approach. The ACA is flawed and in portions of the country is near collapse. Rather 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.086 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4408 July 27, 2017 
than engaging in partisan exercises, Republicans and Democrats should work together to address these very se-rious problems. In their letter to Sen-ate leaders, the bipartisan group of Governors correctly notes that, ‘‘True, lasting reforms can only be achieved in an open, bipartisan fashion.’’ Healthcare is extraordinarily com-plex, and we must work together sys-tematically in order to ‘‘do no harm’’ and improve our healthcare system. In developing legislation, our focus should be on the impact on people, premiums, and providers. We are dealing with an issue that af-fects millions of Americans and one sixth of our economy, and we need to approach reforms in a very careful way. That means going through the regular process of committee hearings; receiving input from expert witnesses such as actuaries, Governors, advocacy groups, and healthcare providers; and vetting proposals with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle. It needs to be a much more deliberative process, and I am pleased that Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER has expressed a willingness to begin hearings in the Senate Health Committee. Neither party has a monopoly on good ideas, and we must work together to put together a bipartisan bill that fixes the flaws in the ACA and works for all Americans. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JULY26, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES E. S CHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : As the Senate debates the House-passed American Health Care Act (H.R. 1628), we urge you to set aside this flawed bill and work with governors, both Democrats and Republicans, on solu-tions that will make health care more avail-able and affordable for every American. True, lasting reforms can only be achieved in an open, bipartisan fashion. We agree with Senator John McCain that the Senate should ‘‘return to regular order,’’ working across the aisle to ‘‘provide work-able solutions to problems Americans are struggling with today.’’ Congress should be working to make health insurance more affordable while sta-bilizing the health insurance market, but this bill and similar proposals won’t accom-plish these goals. The bill still threatens cov-erage for millions of hardworking, middle class Americans. The bill’s Medicaid provi-sions shift costs to states and fail to provide the necessary resources to ensure that no one is left out, including the working poor or those suffering from mental illness or addic-tion. The Senate should also reject efforts to amend the bill into a ‘‘skinny repeal,’’ which is expected to accelerate health plans leav-ing the individual market, increase pre-miums, and result in fewer Americans hav-ing access to coverage. Instead, we ask senators to work with gov-ernors on solutions to problems we can all agree on: fixing our unstable insurance mar-kets. Improvements should be based on a set of guiding principles, which include control-ling costs and stabilizing the market, that will positively impact the coverage and care of millions of Americans, including many who are dealing with mental illness, chronic health problems, and drug addiction. The next best step is for senators and gov-ernors of both parties to come together to work to improve our health care system. We stand ready to work with lawmakers in an open, bipartisan way to provide better insur-ance for all Americans. Sincerely, John W. Hickenlooper, Governor of Colo-rado; Steve Bullock, Governor of Montana; Brian Sandoval, Governor of Nevada; Larry Hogan, Governor of Maryland; Tom Wolf, Governor of Pennsylvania; John Bel Edwards, Governor of Lou-isiana; Terence R. McAuliffe, Governor of Vir-ginia; Charles D. Baker, Governor of Massachu-setts; John R. Kasich, Governor of Ohio; Phil Scott, Governor of Vermont. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, for 2
1⁄2days I have been listening to the same rhet-oric. It sounds like deja vu. For 2
1⁄2 days I have been listening to this. I have been giving extra time to the other side to speak. I have been hoping out of that I would get one construc-tive suggestion for what could be done with healthcare. It has all been criticism. It has been criticism against all cuts. Even to-night, after the bill was read here on the floor, I heard that we were chang-ing Social Security. We are not chang-ing Social Security. We can’t change Social Security under the budget. I heard we were changing Medicare. We are not changing Medicare. I am not going to allow other time for that side. I will suggest that side of the aisle go and read the bill. I think it would be a worthwhile exercise. There isn’t even Medicaid in there. You have threatened about what was going to be done about Medicaid. You talked about what was going to be done with Medicaid, but it is not based on fact. So take a look at the bill. Another way that this is deja vu is I remember being here on Christmas Eve when technical corrections were ac-cepted from the other side, but you went ahead and passed the bill. We mentioned things that needed to be changed in the meantime, and we were told: No, no, that doesn’t have to be done. It just needs more time. Well, we had more time, and there does need to be corrections. You keep talking about how the Republicans have ruined the insurance market. No, last October, the high rates came out for States across this country that pointed out that healthcare was going down the tubes. So something needed to be done. Something needed to be done, but without getting constructive suggestions from the other side—just criticism, saying ObamaCare is perfect, until this debate started, and then I started hearing: It is not perfect. It is not perfect. Well, where are the suggestions for making it as near perfect as possible? We put up a lot of—— Ms. HEITKAMP addressed the Chair. Mr. ENZI. I am not asking that as a rhetorical question. Think about it for a little while, come up with construc-tive suggestions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming has the floor. Ms. HEITKAMP. Would the Senator yield for a question? Mr. ENZI. No, I will not yield for a question. When I feel like there is something constructive that is going to be done around here—I remember that one of the Senators on the other side of the aisle said: If you just take Medicaid out, I will be for it. Well, Medicaid is not in this version so that ought to be some kind of a commitment on it. I keep referring to this book, which goes back to a lot of the history that we have experienced around here. Here is what has happened, and all of this is footnoted. I was reading at first the footnotes. I didn’t check out all the footnotes, but I did look to see if they were footnoted. Under the bill that we are trying to make some changes to, there have been costs from new taxes. There are 21 taxes that have been included in ObamaCare, but the most enormous one is the increased taxes on healthcare companies that are then passed on to the public as higher costs for insurance and pharmaceuticals. I have heard that word ‘‘pharma-ceuticals’’ thrown out a lot, and I agree there are things that need to be changed there. I do remember the phar-maceuticals joining in on the process of getting ObamaCare passed because they did this little thing with the phar-maceutical Part D, where there was this doughnut hole, and through the doughnut hole we were hoping that people would switch to generic, but the pharmaceutical companies said: No, no, no. If you will stick with the brand name, we will cover you through the doughnut hole. Do you know why? Be-cause people, as they go through the doughnut hole, go beyond the doughnut hole, and beyond the doughnut hole the Federal Government picks up the cost of the name brands—the name brand pharmaceuticals. My insurance com-missioner was by to visit with me, and he mentioned that I have twins in Wyo-ming, and they have a rare disease. There is a prescription for it, and the prescription is costing $30,000 a year each. Well, that is quite a bit of money, and the insurance company is picking that up. Then the name brand pharma-ceutical company bought out the ge-neric one. This was generics they were getting. So now they have to have name brand because the generic isn’t on the market now. The cost? It is $1.6 million for each kid, each year. That is why the companies, why the insurance companies are dropping out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:41 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.140 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4409 July 27, 2017 
of the market. I mean, Wyoming is the least populated State in the Nation, and an insurance company that is lim-ited to Wyoming is going to have to bear that $3.2 million worth of cost. So they are going to be saying: We are the only ones covering Wyoming; maybe we shouldn’t provide insurance in Wyo-ming either. We lost the other two companies already, and we are down to just one, but we have one, and they cover all of the counties, unlike—it kind of surprised me that the rules allow companies to just do some coun-ties in some States. Also, under ObamaCare, the insur-ance plans have to cover more. 
This includes plans for the patient who may not want a particular coverage but has to have this. [It comes under the] essential health benefits, which are required through HHS. This led to 5 million Americans losing their insurance in the individual market. Reduction of lower cost plans. High de-ductible [health savings accounts] are very important in reducing costs for individuals, families, and businesses. A RAND study in 2011 found that an HSA/high deductible plan (with a deductible of at least $1,000) would reduce healthcare spending an average of 14%. That savings incurred not only for pa-tients but also for employers and for total healthcare expenditures. These more effec-tive plans have been reduced under ObamaCare. 
Most of the young people on my staff were getting HSAs, and the reason they did is because they did a little bit of a calculation. They did a little bit of fi-nancial literacy. They looked to see what the plan was for the full coverage, and then they looked to see what an HSA would cost, and they said: Well, gee, if I take the difference in the cost between the regular insurance and the HSAs and I put that in one of these savings accounts that can grow tax- free, in a maximum of 3 years, I will cover any deductible that I might have. So they considered that to be good insurance and they got to make a lot of their decisions. But I don’t think we want individuals making their decisions; that appears to be how ObamaCare is constructed. Then there is an increase in man-dates, which is item No. 4. 
Mandates existed before ObamaCare but have dramatically increased with ObamaCare. It added mandates ‘‘guaranteed issue and community ratings.’’ Both have been previously tried in the states. Such mandates distort the marketplace and drive up the cost of care. Policies within states that had more mandates could actually have doubled the cost of [their] premiums. 5. Increased costs by constricting hospitals and physician systems. There has been con-solidation with increased hospital mergers by 50% compared with 2009. There has also been movement of doctor’s practices to con-nect with hospital systems and both the con-tractures within the hospital system and then physician’s systems increased costs to the patients. For example, group practice charges increased costs 18% to 20% and spe-cialty care charges increased costs even more, 34% after connecting the care with hospital systems. These changes in care i.e. changing from private practice systems into hospital-based systems have significantly driven up the cost of care for the patients. 6. Medical legal liability reform has not been a part of ObamaCare but is a significant driver of healthcare costs. That is not considered in it, and it is considered to be about a 10 to 25 per-cent increase in total costs. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, may I respectfully ask the chairman a ques-tion? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator yield for a question? Mr. ENZI. I think this is under my time. Mrs. MURRAY. It is, and I just—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator yield for a question? Mrs. MURRAY. Regarding time, I just have a question so that Members can know how to manage their time be-tween now and the 45 minutes when we have the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-publicans have 46 minutes remaining; the Democrats have zero. Mrs. MURRAY. If I could just re-spectfully ask the chairman, since we have only had this bill for an hour, we have, as you can see, a number of Sen-ators who want to speak. I would just respectfully ask if there is any time we will have between now and the vote to make any comments, since we have just had, for a very short amount of time, the bill that we will be voting on, which will obviously impact millions of Americans. Mr. ENZI. I think the answer that I gave was perhaps your time might be better spent taking a look at the bill because the conversations I have heard here didn’t necessarily speak to the bill. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. Chairman, I—— Mr. ENZI. They speak to the process, and I think we have already covered that in 3 days. Mrs. M
CCASKILL addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming has the floor. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, will he yield for a question about the bill? He clearly knows more about it than we do because he has seen it for much longer than we have. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming has the floor. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. He will not yield for a question? Mr. ENZI. I want to continue on with why we are trying to change this. The Galen Institute—Grace-Marie Turner wrote about 70 changes to ObamaCare that occurred after it went into effect. And those changes include the ‘‘employer mandate delay, indi-vidual mandate delay, preserved bene-fits to the military and VA, and reduc-tion of funding to agencies used for im-plementation of ObamaCare including IPAB, CO-OP’s, and IRS.’’ Co-ops are an interesting thing. I was suggesting during the time that ObamaCare was being considered that small business health plans might make a real difference in costs for small businesses. Now, the only thing I can see on small businesses in here is that if you are a small business and you have over 50 employees, you have a problem. I have people in Wyoming who come to me and say: I have this business. It is working really well, and in the next town over—and most of the towns aren’t big enough to hold two of the same kind of store—so in the next town over, I would like to put in the same kind of shop. My question to them is: How many employees do you have? Most of them have said: Well, I have about 48 employees. I said: How many will you need in the other store? They said: Well, I hope to need the same amount of people. I said: Well, the way this works, you are going to come under much in-creased healthcare costs, and you bet-ter take a look at that before you make your expansion. So it has cost jobs that way. Now, with small business insurance, with the small business health plan— Ms. WARREN addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. ROUNDS. Regular order. Ms. WARREN. Will the Senator from Wyoming yield for a question about the new study on the impact of ObamaCare on jobs? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming has the floor. Ms. WARREN. Will he yield? Mr. ENZI. I will not yield. I would appreciate the same courtesy from that side that I gave to you when you were doing your expositions about healthcare, which included the things that I have mentioned that aren’t even in the bill. Our side has some time, and I would like to use some of that time. As I have been through this process for a long time now—I have been on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee for the whole time that I have been here, which is 20 years. Of course, it wasn’t Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions when I first got here, but we thought that that was a clever acronym: We are from the Federal Government, and we are here to help you. There are a lot of people back home who don’t think we really help out much. But, at any rate, the small business health plans, after three of us who were in the Gang of 6 got thrown under the train or under the bus or whatever it was, small business health plans were changed to co-ops, and they were given a significant amount of money to work with, and they haven’t fared very well. I will find the information about the co-ops here. Again, this isn’t stuff that I wrote; this is stuff somebody else wrote and footnoted and sent to all of us. Again, the name of the book is ‘‘Demystifying ObamaCare: How to Achieve Healthcare Reform.’’ It gives some good suggestions. He does point out that ‘‘ObamaCare is not a system of healthcare, nor is it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.088 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4410 July 27, 2017 
healthcare reform. It is a system of healthcare control.’’ People are told what they are going to do. 
ObamaCare was supposed to significantly reduce healthcare costs, but instead it has dramatically increased costs for even those who are not directly within the ObamaCare program. ObamaCare was supposed to in-crease access to care, but instead it actually reduced access to the availability to care. ObamaCare reduces the effectiveness of the safety net program, which is so very impor-tant economically for Americans. 
Under an amendment that I would like to see is one that would have cov-ered the people who make a living of under $11,000—because with $11,000, you can’t get insurance. They don’t get subsidies; they are just left out in the cold. It is one of the corrections that should have been made and wasn’t made. ObamaCare does reduce the ef-fectiveness of the safety net program, which is important to economically poor Americans. There are a lot of people out there in the States, several thousand in my State, who can’t get insurance under that. 
The quality of healthcare in America was derided when ObamaCare was passed, but ObamaCare instead reduces the quality of U.S. healthcare by reducing innovation, and it removes a person’s ability to make his own decisions about his healthcare and that of his family, and it does so by removing the freedom to make those decisions by putting so many qualifications on it. 
Again, I repeat that we haven’t done anything to take people off of their policy if they are under their parents’ policy if they are under the age of 26. We haven’t done anything to deny patients who have preexisting condi-tions. I have heard that for 3 days. We haven’t eliminated the lifetime caps on insurance. I have heard that for weeks. So there are things that need to be done. They could be done. We have tried to do it in this bill, again, with-out constructive suggestions from the other side. For any recognition that there was any problem that ought to be solved, we have gone ahead. It is not my choice for the mechanism that would be used; it is the mechanism that was chosen by leadership and it falls to them. One of the things that makes this difficult is it is a budget reconciliation, so there are things that have to be written in a budget form in order to comply. That limits some of the things that I would have liked to have done that I think would have made quite a difference. And I think there would have been some things the other side might have joined on and been excited about too. But, again, we are limited by the mechanism that we have here, and there is no indication that—— Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I have heard so many times that the other side would love to be cooperative, but I have yet to see cooperation. I am not going to take questions; I am going to—I really would appreciate it if you would just take some time to look at the bill. I have heard the rhetoric. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. Mr. MURPHY. Maybe this time would be better used if you allowed us to ask you some questions about the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. ENZI. Yes, and I have an hour, whether I use it or not. As I said, for the past few days I have been yielding time to the other side. I haven’t gotten much satisfaction out of that. I have listened for the last hour, and I didn’t get any satisfaction out of that either. I did sit through all of it. I did listen to it. Again, it is complaints about the process, but not constructive sugges-tions on what could be done. There are taxes, mandates, regula-tions, lack of competition in the mar-ketplace, increasing costs. When I trav-el across Wyoming, I have people who have come up to me and they say: My insurance premium is bigger than my house payment, and it is growing. And they said: If something happens to us, my deductible is bigger than my year’s premium. That shouldn’t happen in America, but that is where we are. Those aren’t isolated cases; those are a lot of cases. That is the situation we find ourselves in. We are not trying to hurt anybody; we are trying to fix some of these things. As I said, for 8 years, every time there has been a waiver—that is part of that thing that I mentioned about the 70 changes to ObamaCare so far—a lot of those were in the way of waivers. Every time there was a waiver, I said: Why are we waiving this? Why don’t we just fix it? I was told: It is not broke; it just needs more time. Well, it has had more time. Last year—this was before the election, so you can’t blame us. We had no idea who was going to be the President. We had no idea who was going to be in the majority. Last October, people started pulling out of insurance markets, and rates increased dramatically. You can’t put that blame on us. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, par-liamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator yield for a parliamentary in-quiry? Mr. ENZI. No. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. MURRAY. Mr. President, I just wanted to ask how much time is left on a bill that we haven’t had much time to look at much in the last hour that we are going to vote on. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming has 34 minutes re-maining, and the Senator has the floor. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I think what we have is a motion to commit and the right for the other side to do other amendments. I would hope that some of them would be constructive, but I am not expecting that. As I said, I have been listening for 3 days and ac-tually listening a lot longer before that time. I could talk about some of the things we can learn from ObamaCare, because we should. We can learn that decisions have to be made by the patients and not by the bureaucrats for the govern-ment. There are some key examples of when the government starts making those decisions. I don’t have to pick on ObamaCare for it necessarily; the VA has had a few problems, and I am sure all of you have been working casework on what the VA has been doing. That is where the government and the bureau-crats are making decisions. We have been through some enormous times on that. That is why we did the Choice Act. And the Choice Act had a lot of problems. That is government healthcare. People say: Well, Choice got to go outside of the government. That is not quite true. I think the folks with the VA picked the compa-nies you have to go through for healthcare, and when they did, they didn’t want it to be efficient. They wanted as much of it as possible to come back to the VA. I am sure all of us, as we travel across our States, are running into people who are having problems with providers not getting paid or not being able to get their ap-pointments. If you check with the pro-viders, you find out what kind of a ter-rible process they have to go through to get paid. That is government healthcare. In my State, I provide the VA with a list every week of the new cases I have of people who are not getting care. That shouldn’t happen. But they told me when I first inquired: Well, there are only two doctors who haven’t been paid. I said: That is impossible. There are more than two doctors in my own town who haven’t been paid, and there are a lot of towns in Wyoming—when I go to them, I hear that they are not paid. They said: One was not paid for 30 days, and one wasn’t paid for 45 days. I said: Well, I don’t know why either one wasn’t paid before those kinds of deadlines. But I can tell you there are a lot more problems than that. So if we are thinking about going to a Federal healthcare—and I guess we are not because we had that vote a lit-tle bit earlier on whether we would have a single-payer system. I was amazed at the number of people who chose not to vote on that. At any rate, I don’t think that is where America wants to go. I have had some people ask me about that. I have given them some suggestions on where to check to see what kind of care they would get under that, and they have come back 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.089 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4411 July 27, 2017 
to me and said: I don’t think that is where we want to go. I know the other side of the aisle has wanted to go that way for a long time. When I first got here, Phil Gramm was one of my mentors, and I really appre-ciated all of his advice in so many areas. One of the things he said to me was, you have to watch out for healthcare because where the Demo-crats want to go is to single-payer healthcare. In other words, they don’t care who drives the train as long as it wrecks. So I look back on ObamaCare and I say: Man, this was 18, 19, 20 years ago that he told me this. Is that where ObamaCare is supposed to go, to wreck the train so we can go to single-payer? I don’t think so, but I think we are on the way to a train wreck, and I am not hearing a lot of disagreement about the train wreck. I am hearing some dis-agreement about the amount of calam-ity in the train wreck but not on whether there is going to be a train wreck. There are a number of things we could do to take care of the costs that have gone up under this. That can be confronted within a free market as op-posed to the government-run, govern-ment-controlled market we are under now. One of them is to reduce the tax burden. I did notice that I have a lot of people in Wyoming—again, we are one of the smallest or least populated in the Nation. We are big in land mass, but we are small in population—In Wy-oming, $5.6 million was collected from people for fines for not having the ade-quate healthcare. Those were people who said: Wait a minute, I have to spend so much on my healthcare and then a high deductible that I am never going to get anything out of it. So when I calculate the an-nual cost, the $1,700 that I have to pay as the fine—or $1,500, somewhere in that range—is cheaper than paying for all those premiums and then a deduct-ible if anything ever happens to me. These are real people I am talking about. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a question? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. ENZI. I allowed the other side to have their hour. I expect to have this hour, even if some of it is in silence. I mentioned reducing the tax burden. We could also eliminate some regula-tions. We really need to take a look at some of those regulations within the essential health benefits and see if ev-erybody needs all of them or if there are some they would opt out of, given the opportunity, because they know they will never need them. There are a lot of examples of that. We could eliminate the mandates from the Federal and State. We have the elimination of the Federal man-dates in this bill, both the individual mandate and the employer mandate. We could also increase competition within the marketplace by increasing flexibility. Some of these things we can’t do, particularly to the level we would like to do them, but we could have more competition if we could in-crease the number of insurance compa-nies. Competition makes a difference. I have had a number of people, though, who have suggested to me that the biggest thing we could do would be to pass the medical liability reform be-cause doctors are practicing defensive medicine, which drives up the cost, so that if they are ever in a lawsuit, they can prove they did every possible thing that they could ever imagine or that anybody could raise as an issue. There is a cost to doing that. One of the sug-gestions—— Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I would ask if the Senator would yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. HEINRICH. Will the Senator from Wyoming yield for a question? Mr. ENZI. I will not. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator declines to yield. Mr. ENZI. It has been suggested that the government could have an appro-priate role in healthcare by maybe using advanceable, refundable credits to prevent any lapse in coverage. One of the problems we have right now is that people can wait until they have something terrible happen to them, and they can sign up for insurance on the way to the hospital—you can’t pay when you are in the ambulance, and you can’t pay when you are getting treatment, and you can’t pay when you are getting rehab—and when they are done, they drop out of it. It is hard for an insurance company to figure in the cost of something they are not going to get paid for at all. There have been a number of sugges-tions. I don’t know whether they are any good. I could throw them out. One of them is that if you don’t keep con-tinuous coverage, you should have to pick up your own expenses for the first 6 months. That would encourage people to have continuous coverage. It is just one possible suggestion. There is a role for government within this setting, and that is requiring some transparency within the system, en-couraging the development of new healthcare competition, prevention of collusion between healthcare compa-nies, and having prices posted. I remember a hearing we had once— Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. ENZI. I will not. You got your hour; it is my hour. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. The Senator declines to yield. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. ENZI. When I was chairman or when Senator Kennedy was chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, we switched from doing hearings to doing roundtables. That was an interesting experience too. Instead of having all of the witnesses except one picked by the majority and the other one picked by the minority and then everybody coming up to beat up on the person who was in the oppo-site field, we went to roundtables. What you do with a roundtable is you pick 2 or 6 or 8 or 10 people who are ac-tually knowledgeable in that field, who have actually done something, who have had their hands on what we were talking about. I remember the first one. One of the questions at the end was by Senator Kennedy, and he asked the witnesses that he and I had selected. This wasn’t me selecting; this was a joint effort se-lecting them. He said: What do you think about single-payer insurance? As they went around, there was only one out of 10 people who said: Well, it might be a good idea, but we probably ought to take a look at it. The rest of them said: It won’t work in America. We are already used to something dif-ferent. When the hearing was over, Senator Kennedy said to me: You know, I think these roundtables are a good idea. I think it is a good thing to kind of hear about what the people are actually ex-periencing out there before we write the bill. Well, we did a lot of healthcare roundtables. One of the witnesses was from Safeway. Safeway had been able to hold their costs level and started to bring them down. Of course, we were interested in anybody who could hold healthcare costs level or bring them down. The way they had done that was to find out what the costs of different procedures were in the area where they had stores. After they knew what the cost of the procedure was, they could take the median price for whatever it was, and if the people in their store would take the median price, it didn’t cost them anything. If they went above the median price, they had to pay the difference. If they went below the me-dian price, they got the difference. So they were actually paying attention, using some financial literacy in any of the treatments they needed to get, and they appreciated that their company had done this research for them in ad-vance so they could have some kind of an idea of what the market held. He es-timated that if they were able to in-crease the flexibility they had with this, they could bring down their costs by about 5 to 7 percent a year. I worked on a 10-step plan—in con-junction with Senator Kennedy on a lot of it—and talked about it across the country and particularly across Wyo-ming. It would have been 10 steps to get healthcare for everyone without mandates but with incentives. Mr. VAN HOLLEN addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I wonder if the Senator would yield for a question. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.091 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4412 July 27, 2017 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. ENZI. The Senator will not yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator declines to yield. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. ENZI. Earlier I mentioned the CO-OPS. I would have preferred the small business health plans. I didn’t think the CO-OPS would work. 
CO-OPS were included in ACA. These plans were meant to provide com-petition with existing health insurance com-panies. 
It was an opportunity to set up insur-ance companies that actually were funded. 
The CO-OPS were given $2.4 billion in ‘‘fed-eral loans.’’ The CO-OPS were prohibited from having former healthcare executives with manage-rial or accrual experience. The CO-OPS were conceived to drive down the premiums by providing competition and underselling the cost for policies. More than half the 23 CO-OPS went out of business in 2015, but 8 of the remaining 11 CO-OPS were in financial trouble. The number of CO-OPS is now down to 7 (4 of the prior CO-OPS went bankrupt in 2016). Examples of how the CO-OPS that have failed and have cost the taxpayers. In 2015 alone, there was a huge amount of money lost and also cost the enrollees in the CO- OPS their insurance. New York Health Republic, 23,000 policies lost, $57 million dollars lost in the first half of 2015. Iowan and Nebraska CO-Opportunity Health, 120,000 policies canceled, $146 million dollars lost. Arizona CO-OP, 59,000 enrollees lost their insurance, $90 million dollars lost. Colorado CO-OP, 89,000 enrollees insurance canceled, $72 million dollars lost. 
Ms. HASSAN addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I won-der if the Senator from Wyoming will yield for a question. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator from Wyoming yield for a question? Mr. ENZI. No. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator does not yield. The Senator from Wyoming has the floor. Mr. ENZI. Continuing: 
The [Health and Human Services] and ad-ministration officials knew that the CO-OPS were at risk even before they received their first ‘‘loan’’ in 2014. Senator R
OBPORTMAN , Chairman of the Senate Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, said that the HHS knew of serious problems concerning the failed CO-OPS enrollment strategies, pricing and financial management before the department ever approved their initial loans. Dr. Mandy Cohen, the director of the CMS, testified before a House subcommittee that 8 of the 11 remaining CO-OP companies were in serious financial difficulty and receiving ‘‘enhanced oversight’’ and ‘‘corrective ac-tion.’’ Dr. Cohen did not explain what that ‘‘corrective action’’ or ‘‘enhanced oversight’’ consisted of nor could she indicate the en-rollment figures and the possibility of finan-cial survival for the CO-OPS that were being monitored. Also, 4 more CO-OPS have failed over the first half of 2016, leaving only 7 remaining. I am not sure what today’s number is. 
The HHS continued to make these federal loans though they knew the CO-OPS were failing. 
Under the small business health plans, there is no requirement to have the Federal Government fund it unless we want to fund more oversight. I am not opposed to that either. 
So What are the American People Think of This? There has been greater than $1 billion dol-lar loss of taxpayer money to CO-OPS that have gone bankrupt. Only 7 of the initial 23 CO-OPS remain in business. The CO-OPS were constructed as a way of providing competition against existing com-panies, however in order to do that they underpriced their products. No company can survive if they take in less than what they put out in services and understandably, the majority of CO-OPS have gone out of busi-ness. 
That could be something to do with their being prohibited from having former healthcare executives with managerial and accrual experience. 
This was known by the HHS before the first ‘‘federal loans’’ had ever been approved. Over 800,000 people have lost their insur-ance because the CO-OPS have gone out of business and there are more to come. It speaks to the fact that the HHS and ObamaCare Administration had very little regard for the American taxpayer and the American people. The disturbing question is whether any of the taxpayer’s money will be returned. 
I did say those were loans, and there aren’t many left that can pay back the loans, which is a little bit of a dif-ficulty. Of course we did hear that ObamaCare was supposed to bend the cost curve down. I ought to point out some facts on that as well. 
From 2009 to 2012 healthcare, spending grew less than 4 percent, as spending started increasing dramatically in the first quarter of 2014. This was the start of the implemen-tation of the legislation. Subsequent healthcare spending from 2015 showed a 6.8% rise. In 2016, it is estimated to increase to 6.5% spending growth. 
We know from last year, which isn’t included in this, that it started dou-bling at that point. 
Deductibles both inside and outside ObamaCare exchanges have increased enor-mously and will continue to increase. Healthcare costs are now increasing more than inflation. Why has spending increased? There has been increased utilization services. The in-creased healthcare spending thus led to high-er insurance costs. A particular cause of in-creased spending related to ObamaCare is a marked increase in deductibles and health insurance premiums in the ObamaCare ex-changes. Additionally, because of the in-creased number of patients with Medicaid expansion there have been increased costs. Healthcare costs [will] continue to rise. The total healthcare spending for 2016 is to increase to over $3 trillion dollars. 
I will get some updated numbers on that. 
Total healthcare spending . . . rate of spending increase. Medicaid increased: 11% Medicare increased: 5.5% Private insurance spending increased: 4.4%. If I would have known that Medicare was going to be mentioned, even though it is not in the bill, I would have shown the little chart that I have, which shows how much revenue we get for different mandatory spending that we have. 
All of those mandatory spendings are in a little bit of trouble because the revenue streams to take care of them are not suffi-cient. At one point, they were sufficient in some of them, and the federal government doesn’t have any place to park cash. The fed-eral government puts bonds in a drawer and spends the cash. That is kind of double dip-ping because there is nothing there for later. There is a Social Security trust fund. 
I have learned from trust funds that you have to find money to put in before you can take money out. I never saw a trust fund that operated that way until I got here. We have some crises that are coming up. We are going to com-pound healthcare because for Federal pensions, we really don’t put any money away for them. We require busi-nesses to put it away, and we have had some other suggestions. I have some small pension plans I would like people to look at, some pooling for that, which I think would encourage more people to have pension plans in small business. 
But the cost of administration is ex-tremely high unless they can share in that. All of them would require that there be money put away to be able to cover with rea-sonable growth in the interest of the fund so that what was promised could be taken care of. 
In 2006, Senator Kennedy and I worked on saving some pension plans, trying to make sure that promises that were made could be met. We did a pen-sion bill that needs to be redone again, particularly for some sectors of the pension. 
The private sector is required to put away money. When the market goes down, it in-creases dramatically the amount of money that they need to put in and creates some problems for business. 
The point I am making is that the Federal Government doesn’t do that with any excess funds we get. I don’t care if it is in healthcare or Social Se-curity or where it is, those excess funds are allowed to be spent with bonds put in a drawer, with the promise that the full faith and credit of the Federal Gov-ernment will cover them. I don’t know how many people at home believe that, but that is what it is. How has the battle for the quality of healthcare fared? This gets covered in this book too. Here is a little bit on the quality of healthcare and outcomes. 
The infant mortality rate . . . has been used by politicians and others in political de-bate to describe the inferiority of the U.S. healthcare [system]. U.S. ranked only 30th in the world (and the neonatal mortality below that). When you look at this data, however, you find a very different picture. The United States followed the World Health Organiza-tion definition that a live birth is any infant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:41 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.092 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4413 July 27, 2017 
that shows any sign of life, i.e. a baby that takes a single breath or has a heartbeat. . . . Other countries however including both de-veloped and underdeveloped countries use different standards. The definition of ‘‘live births’’ varies between different countries. For example, in Switzerland a newborn has to be 30 cm. long to be considered a live birth. In Belgium and France, infants have to be at least 26 weeks to be considered as live births. Infants less than 24 weeks gesta-tional age are excluded from registries of live birth in multiple other countries includ-ing Japan and Hong Kong. In Canada, Ger-many, and Austria, the newborns weighing less than 500 grams are not considered viable and are excluded from the infant mortality rates. 
What I am saying is, there are games that can be done with that, with the performance ratings, with the life ex-pectancy data, with the Common-wealth Fund. All of these things are issues that we are embarrassed about and things we ought to be working on, things we ought to improve, things we ought to help with our country. We need to be looking at all of those outcomes—the cancer outcomes, the cardiac disease outcomes, the stroke outcomes, the chronic illness out-comes, the hypertension outcomes, the diabetes and cholesterol outcomes. 
We know that the earlier and more effec-tive there is treatment of the disease, the better treatment of the disease for chronic disease, the better the results are. The more accessible and better technology there is, the more access to specialty care for early diag-nosis and treatment, better preventive screening, and the inventiveness of the American people. 
I think it was today—my days blend together these days with this healthcare that we are working on. I was visited by a couple of young people from Wyoming who have diabetes. We have put some additional money into research. We, as a Senate, don’t say ex-actly where that money has to go be-cause we shouldn’t be kicking the tires on the different diseases and figuring that out. I worry about where we might put the money, if that were the case, because we are affected differently than what our constituents are. Both of these young people were on a pump, and I have gotten to meet Dean Kamen who invented the pump. It is kind of an interesting story. Of course, that wasn’t his first medical invention. His first medical invention was actu-ally when he was a junior in high school and his brother was doing a resi-dency in a hospital that handled trans-plants for infants. They were men-tioning some devices similar to a nee-dle in which medicine can evidently go through. This was needed for trans-plant of a kidney. He was lamenting they didn’t have that capability. He went down to the basement and figured out how to make one of those. That was his first patent. You probably know him more for the patents of the Segway. After he made some money, he got to experiment with some different things. One of them is that mobile thing that police use and shopping centers use and tourists use where you ride around on a Segway. He built that for a specific medical purpose, which was to figure out a way to have a wheelchair that could climb stairs. Instead of building a ramp and being limited where there wasn’t a ramp, he figured out a wheel-chair that could climb stairs. It could do a number of other things too. For instance, if the person in a wheelchair went to a cocktail party, they could ro-tate the wheels up so they were at standing level to everybody else. He had a lot of problems getting it through FDA. He finally got it through FDA, then was told there are other wheelchairs that are less expensive so we are not going to pay for that. I think another company is coming back in to do that. It is an outstanding expe-rience to sit in a wheelchair and go downstairs with it. He worked on this diabetic pump. It is interesting how he got into the dia-betic pump. He was told pregnant women who are on insulin, if they take the insulin doses, they wind up often with babies that have a bigger head, which makes the delivery a bit more difficult. Everything changes so the head becomes normal after a period of time, but it is a problem at childbirth. He thought, what if we gave them a dose of insulin over a longer period of time; would that have an effect on the infant? So he invented a machine which started out being a fairly good- sized machine, but it worked. If they got their insulin over a slow period of time, but sufficient insulin, the baby didn’t have the larger head. Well, this man is a businessman. He said: That is good. That will provide part of a market, but there ought to be a bigger market for it. He said: I won-der if men would have any benefit from having a diabetic pump? So he was able to have a trial and found out that also worked. He worked it down to be small-er and smaller and is working on other kinds of inventions that will do better things. We need to keep putting things into innovation. I said a lot of times: If there is a problem in America and we put on a small incentive, there will be somebody who will figure out how to turn that into something very useful. Mr. President, I think I have been re-quested by Senator S
CHUMER to have 2 minutes, and to have 5 more minutes by UC perhaps for others, but I would ask that at the end, Senator C
ORNYN be allowed 2 minutes before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mr. C
ORNYN  can conclude, but I be given 5 minutes and the Senator from Oregon be given 5 minutes. Mr. ENZI. I was wrong. I need 5 for Senator C
ORNYN . Mr. SCHUMER. Senator C
ORNYN is to speak after us. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to 5 minutes for both sides? Mr. SCHUMER. No. I ask 5 minutes for the Senator from New York, 5 for the Senator from Oregon, and 5, fi-nally—or however much time the Sen-ator from Texas wants. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I re-serve the right to object. I think it is only fair that each side gets 5 minutes to speak. Everybody is ready to vote. We had 2 hours of debate. So I would ask to amend the unanimous consent request that each side be given 5 min-utes to close, divided up any way you want. I ask unanimous consent that each side be given 5 minutes to speak. Mr. SCHUMER. I would simply say to my friend, this is a huge bill. We have not had a huge amount of time to de-bate it. We have just seen it for 2 hours. To ask for another 5 minutes on our side for the ranking member of Fi-nance, in addition to mine, is not too much to ask. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I object. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be given 5 minutes to the Senator from Oregon, 5 minutes to myself, and, in conclu-sion, 5 minutes to the Senator from Texas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I thank my leader, Senator SCHUMER . Colleagues, before morning, millions of Americans could be on their way to lives filled with healthcare misery, eye-popping cost increases, hollowed- out coverage, and gutted consumer pro-tections. Colleagues, there are already stories of Americans hoarding pills and clam-oring for screenings because they fear what the future is going to bring. These are the Americans who took deep breaths of relief 7 years ago when the Affordable Care Act became law. Women were no longer penalized for their gender. Cancer survivors no longer had to worry about busting a limit on coverage and facing personal bankruptcy. Entrepreneurs with a big idea had the freedom to set out on their own, no longer tied to their em-ployer insurance because they had a preexisting condition. Now all of them are looking at lives on hold. The skinny repeal package makes a mockery out of the President’s promise to lower premiums. He made that promise repeatedly to the American people: no reductions in coverage, no increases in premiums. This bill makes a mockery out of that Presidential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.094 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4414 July 27, 2017 
pledge. Don’t take my word for it. The Congressional Budget Office—the inde-pendent umpires—have told us the pre-miums are going to jump 20 percent next year as a result of this bill. That goes into effect, colleagues, January 1 of this year. Some happy New Year: Your premiums have jumped through the roof. Colleagues, vote for this and try to explain it to the people you represent and have them tell you that there is not going to be anything they can sac-rifice to pay for that rate hike. Their wages are flat, they are on an economic tightrope, and they are going to have to have premium hikes with a 20-per-cent hit. The Finance Committee is account-able for funds that are critical for women’s health. This measure begins the effort to take away the right of women to go to the provider they choose. That, too, will be hard to ex-plain to millions of Americans who simply want what we have: the right to make your own healthcare choices. Colleagues, the damage may get worse. Skinny repeal could be the gate-way drug to TrumpCare. We still don’t know what is going to happen with Medicaid so seniors are worried, kids with special needs, disabled folks. If the Senate and the House head to a conference—that is a big ‘‘if’’—this body is going to face a radical set of de-mands from a very stubborn extreme on the other side of the Capitol. My time has expired. I appreciate Leader S
CHUMER getting me this time. The promises Senators have gotten to protect their constituents, those prom-ises could well be in the trash can within 48 hours. I urge my colleagues to think about what it is going to be like to go home and explain to their constituents how this misery—how this healthcare mis-ery came to be a part of their lives every single day. I don’t think they are going to be able to make the case. I urge my colleagues to support Sen-ator M
URRAY on this motion to recom-mit. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, let me thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for yielding us time. This august body has been around for over 220 years. It has rules. It has tra-ditions we are very proud of. In recent years—both parties to blame—many of those traditions have been eroded. What happens when you erode the tra-ditions—the bipartisanship, the ability to work through the regular order—is very simply that the product that emerges is not very good. There is a reason this body has been the greatest deliberative body in the world, and it is because it had those traditions. Now we don’t have them. We have a bill that we have seen for 2 hours. It affects the healthcare, per-haps the lives—almost certainly the lives—of millions. It affects the daily lives of men and women and children. We haven’t even had a chance to ex-plore all the ramifications. There is a lot of anger on the other side at the ACA. I understand that, but you are re-peating what you claim are the same mistakes. Just as maybe ObamaCare could have been made better if it were a bipartisan proposal, this one certainly would have been made better. This skinny repeal, CBO tells us, will kick 15 million peo-ple—16 million people—off care. This skinny bill, after all the cries of reduc-ing premiums as the major reason that ObamaCare needed changes, will raise premiums 20 percent a year, ad infi-nitum. The average working family is going to struggle to get healthcare even more than they have now. Why is this being rushed through this way? Why is this being done in the dark of night? I can’t believe my col-leagues are proud of it. If they were, there would be brass bands down the streets of smalltown America cele-brating this bill. That is not what is happening. It is midnight. Debate is curtailed. We can’t amend it in the open. We can’t do what is needed. So I would plead once more with my colleagues, let’s start over. We are the first to admit that the present law needs some changes. We are the first to want—maybe having learned our own lessons—that it should be done in a bi-partisan and sharing way. Let’s start over. We can do better. We can do better for all those people who are going to be hurt. We can do better for the tradi-tions of this great institution. We can do better as Americans who love our country and love our democracy and love our process. It is not too late to turn back from this proposal ideologi-cally driven and do better because we all are not proud of this product. I don’t think there is hardly anyone in this body who is proud of this product. Let’s make this a turning point, not just on healthcare but in how we func-tion together. We plead with you, let us commit this bill. Let us vote against skinny repeal, and let’s work together to improve our healthcare system in the way our Founding Fathers in-tended us to improve it. I yield the floor The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it is im-portant to remember how we got here. I still remember voting on the Afford-able Care Act at 7:30 in the morning on Christmas Eve. Because this bill—the 2,700-page bill that our Democratic friends did not read and which Ms. P
ELOSI said we have to pass it before we know what is in it—that bill was passed on a party-line vote and signed into law by President Obama without any participation of Republicans. So it is a little hard on the ears to hear my friend, the Democratic leader, plead for bipartisan solutions now. I agree with him, it is not too late because this is an open amendment process. Our Democratic friends, rather than trying to kill the bill, can help us make this bill better. I suspect that based on their com-ments, that they really need—we need to have some sort of remedial legisla-tion 101 because this is not the end of the process. But in order for the House and the Senate to work together to come up with a bill we both agree to, there is a conference committee, which Members of both parties can appoint Members to the conference committee to work out differences. I don’t believe my friend, the Democratic leader, is really interested in working on a bipar-tisan basis to fix the structural defects in ObamaCare. We know the individual market is in meltdown. Premiums are skyrocketing, contrary to the promises made by the President when the bill was sold. We know deductibles are so high that peo-ple are basically denied the benefit of their coverage and, yes, insurance com-panies are fleeing because they are bleeding red ink, and they can’t eco-nomically sell insurance on the ex-changes anymore. So we all know something needs to be done, but we are not interested in just throwing more money at insurance companies, bailing out insurance com-panies, which is what I have heard from our friends on the other side. Well, it is not true. It is not the only thing we have heard. We have also heard the Senator from Vermont, for example, advocate for a single-payer system. What this bill does do is it repeals the individual mandate, which to us is an unacceptable government coercion of American citizens forcing them to buy a product they don’t want and they can’t afford, because currently 28 mil-lion people are uninsured under ObamaCare. I thought it was supposed to provide coverage for everybody, but in my State, about 450,000 Texans who earn less than $25,000 a year are paying the penalty because they can’t afford the insurance, so they pay the penalty, and it is not working. We are doing everything we can, given the fact that our friends on the other side of the aisle are simply sit-ting on their hands and not partici-pating in the process, other than to try to undermine it. We intend to pass a bill and go to conference with the House to make this bill better because our goal is to stabilize the markets, to bring down premiums, to protect people with pre-existing conditions, and to put Med-icaid, the safety net for low-income Americans, on a sustainable path. You would think those would be things that our colleagues across the aisle would want to join us in and participate in but apparently not. We need to move on. We can’t let the fact that our Democratic friends are unwilling to participate keep us from doing our duty the best we can under the circumstances, and that is what this bill represents. It is not perfect, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.096 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4415 July 27, 2017 
but it is better than the status quo, and we intend to do our duty. Mr. President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO COMMIT  
The question is on agreeing to the Murray motion to commit. Mr. SCHUMER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 178 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The motion was rejected. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 667 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 667. Mr. ENZI. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 49, nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 179 Leg.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—51 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden Young 
The amendment (No. 667) was re-jected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that H.R. 1628 be returned to the calendar. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this is clearly a disappointing moment. From skyrocketing costs to plum-meting choices and collapsing markets, our constituents have suffered through an awful lot under ObamaCare. We thought they deserved better. That is why I and many of my colleagues did as we promised and voted to repeal this failed law. We told our constituents we would vote that way, and when the mo-ment came, most of us did. We kept our commitments. We worked hard, and ev-erybody on this side can certainly at-test to the fact that we worked really hard and tried to develop a consensus for a better way forward. I want to thank everybody in this conference for the endless amount of time they spent trying to achieve a consensus to go forward. I also want to thank the President and the Vice President, who couldn’t have been more involved and more helpful. So, yes, this is a disappointment in-deed. To our friends over in the House, we thank them, as well. I regret that our efforts were simply not enough this time. I imagine many of our colleagues on the other side are celebrating. They are pretty happy about all of this, but the American people are hurting, and they need relief. Our friends on the other side decided early on they didn’t want to engage with us in a serious way to help those suffering under ObamaCare. They did everything they could to pre-vent the Senate from providing a bet-ter way forward, including such things as reading amendments for endless amounts of time, such things as hold-ing up nominations for key positions in the administration because they were unhappy that we were trying to find a way to something better than ObamaCare. So I expect that they are pretty satisfied tonight. I regret to say that they succeeded in that effort. Now I think it is appropriate to ask, what are their ideas? It will be inter-esting to see what they suggest as the way forward. For myself, I can say— and I bet I am safe on saying this for most of the people on this side of the aisle—that bailing out insurance com-panies with no thought of any kind of reform is not something I want to be part of. And I suspect that not many folks over here are interested in that. It will be interesting to see what they have in mind, like quadrupling down on the failures of ObamaCare with a sin-gle-payer system. We had that vote a little earlier, thanks to the Senator from Montana. Almost everybody voted ‘‘present.’’ Apparently, they didn’t want to make a decision about whether they were for or against so-cialized medicine—a government take-over of everything; European healthcare. Only four of them weren’t afraid to say they didn’t think that was a good idea. So maybe that is what they want to offer. We will be happy to have that debate with the American people. It is time for our friends on the other side to tell us what they have in mind. We will see how the American people feel about their ideas. So, I regret that we are here, but I want to say, again, I am proud of the vote I cast tonight. It is consistent with what we told the American people we would try to ac-complish in four straight elections if they gave us a chance. I thank all of my colleagues on this side of the aisle for everything they did to try to keep that commitment. What we tried to accomplish for the American people was the right thing for the country, and our only regret to-night—our only regret is that we didn’t achieve what we had hoped to accom-plish. I think the American people are going to regret that we couldn’t find a better way forward, and, as I said, we look forward to our colleagues on the other side suggesting what they have in mind. Now, Mr. President, it is time to move on. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— H.R. 2810 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 10 a.m. on Friday, July 28—that is tomorrow— the Senate proceed to consideration of Calendar No. 175, H.R. 2810, the House- passed national defense authorization bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.097 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4416 July 27, 2017 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WORKING TOGETHER Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me say that it has been a long, long road for both sides. Each side had sin-cere convictions, and we are at this point. I want to say three things. First, I suggest that we turn the page. It is time to turn the page. I say to my dear friend the majority leader that we are not celebrating. We are relieved that millions and millions of people who would have been so dras-tically hurt by the three proposals put forward will, at least, retain their healthcare, be able to deal with pre-existing conditions, deal with nursing homes and opioids that Medicaid has paid for. We are relieved, not for ourselves, but for the American people. But as I have said over and over again, ObamaCare was hardly perfect. It did a lot of good things, but it needs im-provement. I hope one part of turning that page is that we go back to regular order, work in the committees together to improve ObamaCare. We have good leaders—the Senator from Tennessee, the Senator from Washington, the Senator from Utah, the Senator from Oregon. They have worked well together in the past and can work well together in the future. There are suggestions we are interested in that come from Members on the other side of the aisle—the Senator from Maine and the Senator from Lou-isiana. So let’s turn the page and work to-gether to improve our healthcare sys-tem, and let’s turn the page in another way. All of us are so inspired by the speech and the life of the Senator from Arizona, and he asked us to go back to regular order, to bring back the Senate that some of us who have been here a while remember. Maybe this can be a moment where we start doing that. Both sides will have to give. The blame hardly falls on one side or the other, but if we can take this mo-ment—a solemn moment—and start working this body the way it had al-ways worked until the last decade or so, with both sides to blame for the de-terioration, we will do a better job for our country, a better job for this body, a better job for ourselves. Finally, I am glad that the leader asked us to move to NDAA. We need to do it. I can say that on this side of the aisle, we will move expeditiously. I know that the Senator from Rhode Is-land has worked with the Senator from Arizona on a list of amendments that can be agreed to, and we can finish this bill up rather quickly. As I mentioned to the majority leader, there are some other things we can do rather quickly, including moving a whole lot of nomi-nations. We can work together. Our country demands it. Every place in every cor-ner of the country where we go, the No. 1 thing we are asked—and I know this because I have talked to my colleagues from the other side of the aisle—is: Can’t you guys work together? Let’s give it a shot. Let’s give it a shot. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I just want to announce to all my col-leagues that the next vote will be at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, on cloture on Kevin Newsom to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. There will be no more votes tonight. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 172, Kevin Newsom to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kevin Chris-topher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Kevin Christopher Newson, of Ala-bama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. Dan Sullivan, John Barrasso, John Cor-nyn, Orrin G. Hatch, Ron Johnson, Chuck Grassley, Tom Cotton, Richard Burr, James Lankford, Lamar Alex-ander, John Kennedy, Cory Gardner, James M. Inhofe, Michael B. Enzi, John Thune, Richard C. Shelby, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
SERVICEMEMBER STUDENT LOAN AFFORDABILITY ACT Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, student loan borrowers currently carry about $1.4 trillion in student loan debt. This breaks down to about 44 million bor-rowers holding student loan debt with an average balance of $30,000. This crushing debt has pushed many bor-rowers to delay important life deci-sions, including marriage, having chil-dren, or buying homes. Despite that, some still choose careers in public service to give back to their commu-nity and support our country. However, the immense burden of stu-dent loan debt is not put on pause while individuals choose to forgo other work opportunities to serve our Nation in the military or public service. Rec-ognizing this, the Federal Government established two ways to alleviate some of this burden for those who serve our country. The Servicemember Civil Relief Act protects our servicemembers from in-terest rates above 6 percent on all loans while they are on Active Duty. This protection extends to both public and private student loans taken out preservice. Public service loan forgiveness en-courages people to become public serv-ants by forgiving student loan debt after 10 years of public service, includ-ing military service. Under this pro-gram; borrowers must enroll in a quali-fying repayment plan and make 10 years of payments while working in public service before the loan is for-given. Additionally, borrowers with Perkins or Federal Family Education Loans must consolidate their loans into a Direct Consolidation Loan. However, the act of consolidating these loans carries an unintended con-sequence for servicemembers. Cur-rently, if a servicemember chooses to consolidate his or her preservice loans to qualify for public service loan for-giveness, those loans are no longer eli-gible for the 6 percent interest rate cap provided under the Servicemember Civil Relief Act. The act of consoli-dating old debt for the purpose of en-rolling public service loan forgiveness is treated as creating a new loan under current law, effectively forcing servicemembers to choose between the 6 percent interest rate cap while they are on Active Duty and enrolling in a program that will forgive their loans after 10 years of service and steady payments. Requiring servicemembers to give up the interest rate cap while on Active Duty for a chance to earn loan forgive-ness in the future was never the inten-tion of Congress. Rather, in enacting the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program and the Servicemember Civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.101 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4417 July 27, 2017 
Relief Act, Congress intended to sup-port servicemembers burdened with student loan debt. We owe it to our servicemen to fix this unintended con-sequence. This week, Senator D
UCKWORTH and I reintroduced the Servicemember Stu-dent Loan Affordability Act. This bill would allow preservice private or Fed-eral student loan debt to be consoli-dated or refinanced while retaining the 6 percent interest rate cap. This minor change to the law will have a signifi-cant impact on servicemembers with student loan debt by allowing them to get the benefits Congress intended for them. The bill is supported by the Amer-ican Legion, the Association of United States Navy, the National Guard Asso-ciation of the United States, the Re-tired Enlisted Association, the Para-lyzed Veterans of America, Veteran Education Success, The Institute of College Access and Success, and the National Education Association. I urge my colleagues to consider this simple solution to help servicemembers. I hope they will join Senator Duckworth and myself and support the Servicemember Student Loan Affordability Act. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels in the budget resolution for legislation re-lated to healthcare reform. The author-ity to adjust is contingent on the legis-lation not increasing the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 to 2026. I find that amendment No. 667 fulfills the conditions of deficit neutrality found in section 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3. Accordingly, I am revising the alloca-tions to the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, HELP and the budgetary aggregates to account for the budget effects of the amendment. I am also adjusting the unassigned to committee savings levels in the budget resolution to reflect that while there are savings in the amendment attrib-utable to both the HELP and Finance Committees, the Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Tax-ation are unable to produce unique es-timates for each provision due to inter-actions and other effects that are esti-mated simultaneously. This adjustment supersedes the ad-justment I previously made for the processing of amendment No. 267. This adjustment applies while this amend-ment is under consideration. Should the amendment be withdrawn, fail, or lose its pending status, this adjustment will be null and void and the adjust-ment for amendment No. 267 shall re-main active. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD as follows: BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AUTHORITY AND OUTLAYS 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $s in millions 2017 
Current Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,329,289 Outlays .......................................................... 3,268,171 Adjustments: Spending: Budget Authority ........................................... 1,400 Outlays .......................................................... ¥1,000 Revised Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,330,689 Outlays .......................................................... 3,267,171 
BUDGET AGGREGATE—REVENUES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $s in millions 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Current Aggregates: Revenue ........................... 2,682,088 14,498,573 32,351,660 Adjustments: Revenue ........................... ¥5,400 ¥73,300 ¥145,700 Revised Aggregates: Revenue ........................... 2,676,688 14,425,273 32,205,906 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $s in millions 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 2,277,203 13,101,022 31,274,627 Outlays ............................ 2,262,047 13,073,093 31,233,186 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............. ¥1,000 ¥80,400 ¥275,700 Outlays ............................ ¥1,000 ¥80,400 ¥275,700 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 2,276,203 13,020,622 30,998,927 Outlays ............................ 2,261,047 12,992,693 30,957,486 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $s in millions 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 17,204 90,282 176,893 Outlays ............................ 15,841 89,820 183,421 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............. 2,400 ¥500 ¥8,700 Outlays ............................ 0 1,000 ¥5,600 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 19,604 89,782 168,193 Outlays ............................ 15,841 90,820 177,821 
f 
COUNTERING AMERICA’S ADVERSARIES BILL Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I voted in support of H.R. 3364, the Coun-tering America’s Adversaries Act, which sanctions Russia, Iran, and North Korea. I call on President Trump to sign this package into law, without delay. This act imposes tough sanctions on Russia for its interference in our elec-tions, its attempts to undermine faith in the democratic process across the West, its support of the brutal regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and its intervention in Ukraine. Criti-cally, the legislation prevents Presi-dent Trump—who has repeatedly dem-onstrated his affinity for Vladimir Putin—from removing sanctions on Russia without the approval of the Congress. It sends a clear and un-equivocal message to the Kremlin: the United States will not tolerate attacks on our democracy. The administration has repeatedly certified Iran’s compliance with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. This landmark, multilateral nuclear accord is a critical part of our effort to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and has made our partners and allies in the region safer. However, Iran’s ballistic missile tests, its sup-port for regional terrorism, and its human rights abuses merit a strong re-sponse. This act codifies executive or-ders sanctioning Iran for these dan-gerous, nonnuclear actions. Our response to North Korea—which U.S. officials now believe will be able to field a reliable, nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile as early as next year—must be bold and comprehensive. While I support the sanctions imposed on North Korea under the Countering America’s Adver-saries Act, I believe they fall far short of the aggressive sanctions needed to sever North Korea’s ties to the inter-national financial system and create the leverage necessary for successful nuclear negotiations. That is why I strongly urge the Senate to pass the Banking Restrictions Involving North Korea Act, which I introduced with Senator TOOMEY . I look forward to working expeditiously with my col-leagues to pass comprehensive sanc-tions on North Korea in the fall. 
f 
NOMINATION OF JOHN K. BUSH II Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I cannot support John K. Bush II’s nomi-nation to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Mr. Bush does not possess the tem-perament or discernment required of a Federal judge. He is not only a deeply flawed nominee; he is unqualified for a lifetime judicial appointment. William Howard Taft, 27th President of the United States, 10th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and a judge on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, once said, ‘‘Don’t write so that you can be understood, write so that you can’t be misunderstood.’’ Mr. Bush’s more than 400 blog posts, written under a pseudonym, cannot be misunderstood despite his attempts to distance him-self from his writings. In his blog posts, Mr. Bush equated a woman’s right to an abortion to chattel slavery, ad-vanced spurious claims based on con-spiracy theories propagated by White supremacists, advocated violence and use of force against Democratic oppo-nents, argued that journalist’s First Amendment rights should be weak-ened, and advocated for unlimited amounts of money in politics. When asked to clarify his past writ-ten statements during his confirmation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:41 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.161 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4418 July 27, 2017 
hearing, Mr. Bush said that his, ‘‘per-sonal views are irrelevant to the posi-tion for which [he has] been nomi-nated.’’ I do not believe that hundreds of crude, insensitive, and hateful posts, widely shared on the internet, are ir-relevant in analyzing a candidate’s suitability for a Federal judgeship. Mr. Bush’s writings and statements make me question if he could apply the law evenly and without bias. Every judge takes the oath of justice and swears to ‘‘administer justice with-out respect to persons, and do equal right to the poor and to the rich,’’ and to ‘‘faithfully and impartially dis-charge and perform all the duties in-cumbent’’ upon them. Based on Mr. Bush’s own statements, I am not con-fident that he will uphold that oath. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LES AND EVA AIGNER Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to recognize Les and Eva Aigner, two brave Oregonians who lived through the horrors of the Holocaust. I want to honor Les and Eva in the Senate today and share how they survived Nazi atrocities and went on to live in Port-land, OR, where they have taught countless young men and women about the dangers of intolerance and hate. Eva Aigner, nee Speigel, was born in 1937 in Kosˇice, Czechoslovakia, where she lived with her sister, mother, and father. Two years after her birth, Eva’s father lost his business license due to growing anti-Semitism, prompting the family to move to Budapest. There they hoped they would be safe from Nazi extremism, but even in Hungary, as a Jew, Eva’s father struggled to find work. As time went on, new laws forced Eva and her family to wear the yellow star, and Eva and her sister were soon un-able to attend school due to growing intolerance. Soon after, Eva’s father was taken to a forced labor camp where he was killed. Eva and her remaining family members were then taken to the Budapest ghetto where the Nazis se-lected Eva’s mother for deportation to a concentration camp. The remaining children, including Eva and her sister, as well as the sick and the old who were unable to work for the Nazi war machine, were taken to the Danube in the middle of the night to be shot. Eva and her sister only managed to survive because their mother escaped from the deportation train and bribed a guard to spare their lives. From there, they were taken back into the Budapest ghetto where they hid, without food or running water, until the Russian soldiers liber-ated the ghetto on January 18, 1945. The rest of Eva’s extended family, who remained in Czechoslovakia, with the exception of one cousin, did not survive the Holocaust. Like Eva, Leslie ‘‘Les’’ Aigner was born in Czechoslovakia. In his case, the small town of Nove Zamky, on June 3, 1929. He had two sisters—one older, one younger. The Aigners moved to Hun-gary in the early 1940s to escape the growing Nazi threat, settling in Csepel, on the outskirts of Budapest. Since Jewish children were not allowed ac-cess to higher education, Les went to a trade school to become a machinist. Eventually, it became unsafe for Les to even walk to school, and his devoutly religious family stopped attending syn-agogue for fear of attack. Les’s father was soon taken to a labor camp, and his 16-year-old sister was taken to a paper mill to do forced labor. Les, his mother and his 8-year-old sister were then forced into the Budapest ghetto before being taken to Auschwitz. Upon arrival, the Nazis selected Les’s mother and sister for the gas chambers and took Les to the camp. Les spent 4 months in Auschwitz. He worked in the kitchen and survived by stealing food. During his imprisonment in the concentration camp, Les was in-jured after a guard threw a pitchfork through his foot. While Les was in the hospital with an infection from this in-jury, a Dr. Epstein warned Les that the Nazis planned to execute prisoners who were no longer able to walk. At Dr. Epstein’s urging, Les limped out of the hospital in the middle of the night to avoid being taken to the gas chamber. Dr. Epstein, a prisoner himself, saved Les’s life that night. Les then exchanged his clothing with another prisoner who wanted to stay with his father in Auschwitz and was transferred to Landsberg, a sub-camp of Dachau. He performed hard labor for several months and was then trans-ferred again to Kauffering Camp, where he contracted typhus before being sent to Dachau on the so-called Death Train. By the time he arrived, Les weighed only 75 pounds. He was finally freed by American soldiers on April 29, 1945. It took over a month of treatment before Les was able to walk on his own. When Les finally regained his health, he made his way back to Budapest, where he reunited with his father and older sister. Most of their other family mem-bers had been killed. After the war, both Eva and Les began to rebuild their lives in Buda-pest. They finished school and joined the workforce, Les as a machinist and Eva as an office worker at a collective fur company. In 1956, Les and Eva where introduced to one another by Eva’s colleague, who happened to be a distant relative of Les. Les and Eva quickly became engaged and were mar-ried only 59 days later. When the Hun-garian Revolution began against the communist regime, Les and Eva, along vat Les’s father and stepmother, fled to Austria and then the U.S., eventually settling in Portland, OR. Starting over in a new country was challenging, but the Aigners carried on and made a life in Portland, finding work and starting a family. Les contin-ued to work as a machinist, and Eva worked as a cosmetologist, eventually opening her own salon. Eva’s mother came to live with them in Portland as well. Les and Eva are the proud parents of their daughter Sue, and their son Rob, who blessed them with four won-derful grandsons. They are waiting to welcome their first great-grandchild. Les and Eva rebuilt their lives, but they never forgot the horrors they had endured. As Holocaust deniers became increasingly vocal in the 1980s, the Aigners began telling their stories pub-licly and speaking out against dis-crimination and intolerance. They have worked with the Holocaust Memo-rial Coalition since its inception in 1994. Eva was even the vice chair of the project to build the Oregon Holocaust Memorial, which she said was the proudest achievement in her life be-sides giving birth to her children. Many of my colleagues in the Senate have heard me speak about my own family’s experience fleeing the Nazi re-gime during the Holocaust. We lost family and loved ones on Kristallnacht and at Theresienstadt. Tolerance, in-clusiveness, and compassion are issues my family takes very seriously. That is why I am so deeply honored to be able to recognize the Aigners today and to pay tribute to the invaluable work that they do. At a time when hate and intolerance seem increasingly pervasive in our so-cial and political discourse, it is now more important than ever that we re-member the horrors that so many peo-ple endured at the hands of the Nazi re-gime, the death and pain they suffered in the name of hate, discrimination, and fear. In Eva Aigner’s own words, ‘‘Discrimination can start with little things. It can start with as much as ra-cial jokes or religious jokes. It can start with just small hatred which can grow....  The way to fight is to edu-cate the young people. To let them know what discrimination can do. And how innocent people can get killed and go through such terrors . . . and have their family pulled apart.’’ We must not forget; we must edu-cate. We must educate ourselves and each other so that nothing like the horrors of the Nazi regime will ever happen again. Les and Eva Aigner have dedicated their lives to exactly that, and that is why I am so incredibly grateful to honor them today, for their strength, their compassion, their gen-erosity, and their willingness to edu-cate and make Oregon, our country, and our world a more tolerant, safer, and better place. For that reason, I offer both Les and Eva Aigner my deepest affection and warmest thanks for using their voices to teach generations to come to never, ever forget. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JOSEPH T. ‘‘TIM’’ ARCANO Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to commend Dr. Joseph T. ‘‘Tim’’ Arcano, technical director for Naval Surface Warfare Center, NSWC, Carderock Di-vision, who is retiring after a lifetime 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.164 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4419 July 27, 2017 
of service to the U.S. Navy, our Federal Government, and the scientific com-munity. Tim Arcano has dedicated his profes-sional life to serving our country, first in the military and later as a civil servant. His knowledge of ships and the oceans they sail and nuclear safety and capabilities has been developed through his education and in his myr-iad positions throughout the Navy and our Federal Government. Two of Dr. Arcano’s academic degrees were earned in my us, home State, where he at-tended the U.S. Naval Academy, and later earned his Ph.D. at the Univer-sity of Maryland. In addition, he holds an Ocean Engineer degree and a mas-ters in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology, MIT. Dr. Arcano’s first career was in our military, where he served for 30 years in both Active and Reserve service. As technical director and ship design man-ager for the Virginia-Class Submarine Program, as technical authority for ad-vanced submarines at Naval Sea Sys-tem Command, NAVSEA, and as a pro-gram manager at the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, Dr. Arcano de-veloped an understanding and expertise that few can match. Those skills were further utilized in five Reserve com-mands. Dr. Arcano’s dedication to our coun-try continued after his transition from Active service to the Reserves in 1992 and his later retirement from the Navy as captain in June of 2008. He served as deputy chief of Nuclear Safety at the United States Department of Energy and as the director of the Office of Ocean Exploration and Research at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration. During that time, he re-turned to the Naval Academy to hold the Corbin A. McNeill Endowed Chair in Naval Engineering, where he created a course on engineering of submersible systems. Dr. Arcano came to NSWC Carderock in May of 2013, bringing his wealth of experience as he took the helm of a campus of over 3,000 employees. His im-pact has been magnified by his com-mitment to STEM education and devel-oping the next generation of scientific leaders. Under Dr. Arcano’s leadership, employees at NSWC Carderock have mentored countless high school and college interns, even reaching to our youngest developing scientists by lead-ing elementary students in FIRST Ro-botics clubs. Dr. Arcano ‘‘walks the walk’’ himself, giving greatly of his own time by taking interns under his wing to offer advice and helping them chart their path, wherever that might lead. As part of his encouragement of STEM education, Dr. Arcano and NSWC Carderock have continued to host the International Human Powered Submarine Races. Teams from not just corporations and research centers, but from universities and even high schools come from around the world to race their independently built one- or two- person submarines through a course at the historic David Taylor Model Basin at Carderock. For 2 years, these com-petitors learn about hydrodynamic de-sign, propulsion, underwater life sup-port, materials science, and other sci-entific principles in creating their own designs for these vehicles. The lessons learned, both in science and engineer-ing and in collaborating on a team project, help to fuel their enthusiasm for careers in science and technology. Dr. Arcano’s career reflects his self-lessness, his unparalleled leadership capabilities, and his devotion to our country. He commands the respect and admiration of all who have had the privilege to know and work with him. His leadership will be greatly missed, but he has left a legacy of scientific leadership that will continue to de-velop through the principles and prac-tice that he exercised every day. We are deeply grateful for his devotion to our national security, to naval science, and to America’s future generations. I offer the thanks of a grateful nation to Dr. Arcano and, by extension, to his family—his wife, Brenda, their daugh-ter, Heather, and sons, Greg, Joseph, and Tyler—for as we all know, the sup-port of family is critical. I am honored and pleased to recognize Dr. Tim Arcano for his outstanding career in public service and wish him all the best in his future pursuits. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CYNTHIA K. DOHNER Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the distinguished public service career of Cynthia K. Dohner. Cindy served the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service with distinction and honor for more than 24 years and will leave the Service on August 30, 2017. Cindy’s passion for the outdoors began at an early age while fishing and hunting with her father. These experi-ences encouraged her to pursue an edu-cation to ensure the outdoor way of life she enjoyed would continue to be avail-able for future generations. She earned a bachelor’s degree in ma-rine biology, a master’s degree in fish-eries and aquaculture, and led a long career protecting fish and wildlife and their habitats. Cindy worked for a private environ-mental consulting firm and held posi-tions in several State and Federal agencies before joining the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in 1993. Prior to her time in the Southeast Region, Cindy worked with the Service’s Divi-sion of Fish Hatcheries and as the branch chief for Recovery and Con-sultation in Washington, DC. She moved to Atlanta in 1999 to serve as the assistant regional director for Eco-logical Services and later served as deputy regional director. For the the last 7 years, Cindy led the Southeast Region in its mission to make a difference for fish, wildlife, plants, and the people who live and work in communities across the region. As regional director, she has provided vision and leadership to more than 1,300 employees in 10 southeastern States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Vir-gin Islands and has positively influ-enced conservation successes and solu-tions nationally. In Arkansas and throughout the Southeast, Cindy is recognized as an honest partner and innovative leader. She has worked alongside Arkansas’ fish farmers, cattemen, and local elect-ed officials, including the Association of Arkansas Counties, to solve complex conservation challenges in a way that keeps working lands working, reduces regulatory burden, and helps local economies to thrive. Her responsive-ness to private-sector concerns and willingness to find creative ways to conserve fish and wildlife resources has made a difference to wildlife and people alike. Under her leadership, the Southeast Region has joined forces with States, private landowners, the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies, and several sectors of industry and business including energy, timber and finance among others to find creative ways to conserve fish and wildlife re-sources. This collaboration resulted in notable conservation successes includ-ing removing Arkansas Magazine Mountain shagreen snail and the Lou-isiana black bear from the endangered species list and precluding the need to list more than 100 fish, wildlife, and plants petitioned for Federal protec-tion in the past several years. She and her team worked closely with many partners to restore more than 1 million acres of bottomland hardwood habitat in the South that is critical for migra-tory waterfowl and other wildlife in de-cline. Cindy was remarkably effective in large part because she recognized and emphasized the little things while building relationships that often had big implications and made conserva-tion successes possible on larger scales. I applaud Cindy for her dedication to public service and the lasting dif-ference that she has made at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. I am hopeful FWS will continue to build on her co-operative conservation legacy. I ask that my colleagues join me in express-ing our sincere appreciation and grati-tude for her public service and wishing Cindy success and happiness in her fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO KEITH GEIS ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, Wyo-ming has a longstanding tradition of recognizing individuals who make in-valuable contributions to agriculture and communities across our State. Each year, Senator Enzi and I have the pleasure of introducing these honorees as they are inducted into the Wyoming Agriculture Hall of Fame. This year, Keith Geis will be honored as one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.166 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4420 July 27, 2017 
these outstanding individuals during the 105th Wyoming State Fair. In Wyoming, we talk a lot about the code of the West. ‘‘Take pride in your work,’’ ‘‘Always finish what you start,’’ and ‘‘Ride for the Brand’’ are just a few tenets of the creed that mo-tivates the way we live in Wyoming. Growing up on a dairy farm in Wheatland, Keith learned these prin-ciples early and abides by them today. Across the state, Keith is well known for his steadfast commitment to strong Wyoming communities. After starting his career in banking and spending nearly two decades with the Farm Credit Services of America, Keith has served as the president of Platte Valley Bank in Wheatland for 15 years. In ad-dition to his work at the bank, Keith is exceptionally active in his community. The list of organizations, boards, and associations that have benefited from Keith’s leadership and involvement is long. He has served, among others, as a member of the Platte County Eco-nomic Development Board of Directors, as chairman of the Wyoming Agri-culture in the Classroom, and as a member of the Wyoming Stock Grow-ers Land Trust Board of Directors. Most notable, however, is Keith’s focus on the youngest members of our Wyo-ming communities. Keith and his wife, Marie, have two children, several grandchildren, and have served as foster parents. Keith knows that a community’s strength is in its future, and he has worked hard to ensure that the next generation will be as dedicated to our State as he is. As president of the Platte Valley Bank in Wheatland, WY, Keith works with agri-culture producers every day, including young people whose 4H or FFA project may become a lifelong passion. His work to ensure the next generation of farmers and ranchers will have the cap-ital and an understanding financial of-ficer is renowned across the State. Selection as a member of the Wyo-ming Agriculture Hall of Fame is about more than a good calf crop or strong growing season. The people who grow crops, raise livestock, and provide the capital to make ranching possible are the people who give of their time to school boards, economic development groups, and even nursing home boards. Keith is one of the people who makes our Wyoming home so special. It is with great honor that I recog-nize this outstanding member of our Wyoming community. Keith makes outstanding contributions to families across the State and sets an excep-tional example for current and future generations of farmers and ranchers. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in congratu-lating Keith Geis as one of the 2017 in-ductees into the Wyoming Agriculture Hall of Fame.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SKIP WALTERS ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Skip Walters of Great Falls for a tremendous radio broadcasting career. Last week, Skip retired after providing over four decades of enter-tainment to his fellow Montanans. It was great to be interviewed by Skip on several occassions; he was always pro-fessional and never pulled any punches. Skip originally came to Montana while serving our Nation in the U.S. Air Force during the early 1970s, and his media journey began in Miles City on the same weekend as the annual Bucking Horse Sale in 1976. During his early days in Custer County, he broad-cast mostly rock-and-roll tunes and covered local sports, on KATL radio for the folks in eastern Montana. Three years later, an opportunity in his in-dustry brought Skip to Great Falls. It was in Great Falls that Skip would fur-ther refine his skills by broadcasting country music to the listeners in Cas-cade County and the surrounding com-munities of central Montana. His 41- year career in the radio business cul-minated at KMON radio in Great Falls, where he broadcast for 27 years. Among his accomplishments, Skip was recognized in 2008 by the Jour-nalism Education Association as a ‘‘Friend of Scholastic Journalism.’’ When asked about the circumstances that inspired him to begin a career in radio, Jim stated ‘‘it’s all about the music.’’ Skip’s love of music has been an acoustic blessing to many in the Treasure State. From helping to guard the inter-continental ballistic missile fields in the center of the State, to broadcasting good tunes across an even larger swath of the State, Skip has had a good jour-ney. As he begins to enjoy his retire-ment, I would like to offer my thanks for his service to our Nation and appre-ciation for the artistic entertainment he provided to our State.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ZANE HEHNKE ∑Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the distinguished ac-complishment of Mr. Zane Hehnke of Winterset, IA, a 2017 finalist for the NFIB Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award. Mr. Hehnke, of Winterset, IA, is the founder and owner of Inspired Finds, an interior design company which special-izes in designing and creating accents using vintage and antique items. I ask my colleagues to join me as I proudly recognize Mr. Hehnke on his outstanding achievements. We wish him nothing but the best in his future entrepreneurial and academic pur-suits.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:10 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1927. An act to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the African American Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes. H.R. 2370. An act to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance. H.R. 3210. An act to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bu-reau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and or other purposes. 
At 5:54 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 3298) to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Me-morial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 6:27 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: H.R. 3298. An act to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make pay-ments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty in-juries, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1927. An act to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the African American Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 2370. An act to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 3210. An act to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bu-reau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.139 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4421 July 27, 2017 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. LANKFORD, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 1648. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–137). By Ms. COLLINS, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 1655. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–138). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 1662. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–139). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment: S. Con. Res. 15. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the designation of Octo-ber 28, 2017, as ‘‘Honoring the Nation’s First Responders Day’’. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. *Lucian Niemeyer, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. *John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. *Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force. *Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. By Mr. CRAPO for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Assistant Secretary of Com-merce and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service. *Richard Ashooh, of New Hampshire, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. *J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Counsel of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development. *Neal J. Rackleff, of Texas, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. *Anna Maria Farias, of Texas, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment. *Christopher Campbell, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Holy See. Nominee: Callista L. Gingrich. Post: Ambassador to the Holy See. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: **Please see Attachment A.** 2. Spouse: Newton Leroy Gingrich: **Please see Attachment A.** 3. Children and Spouses: Kathy Gingrich Lubbers: **Please see Attachment B.** Paul Lubbers. None. Jackie Gingrich Cushman: **Please see Attachment B.** James Cushman: None. 4. Parents: Bernita Ann Bisek: None. Al-phonse Bisek—Deceased. 5. Grandparents: N/A—Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: N/A. 7. Sisters and Spouses: N/A. ATTACHMENT A: F EDERAL CAMPAIGN  C
ONTRIBUTION REPORT  All donations from the Gingrich household should he considered joint. 
CALLISTA L. AND NEWTON L. GINGRICH CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS 
Donee Date of Donation Amount 
Georgia Republican Party ................................... 1/17/2001 $600.00 Georgia Republican Party ................................... 6/24/2004 600.00 Michael Allen Collins .......................................... 10/25/2005 2,000.00 Lynn A. Westmoreland ........................................ 11/4/2005 1,000.00 Thomas Edmunds Price ...................................... 12/9/2005 1,000.00 John S. McCain ................................................... 08/31/2008 4,600.00 Newt Explore ....................................................... 03/04/2011 5,000.00 Newt2012 ............................................................ 03/22/2011 2500.00 Citizens for Vince Haley ...................................... 03/30/2015 500.00 Donald J. Trump for President ............................ 09/26/2016 800.00 Republican National Committee ......................... 09/26/2016 200.00 Judson Hill for Congress ..................................... 12/05/2016 500.00 
ATTACHMENT B: F EDERAL CAMPAIGN  C
ONTRIBUTION REPORT  
KATHY GINGRICH LUBBERS 
Donee Date of Donation Amount 
Mario Diaz-Blart ...................................................... 05/22/2008 $250.00 Lincoln Diaz-Balart ................................................. 5/22/2008 250.00 
JACKIE GINGRICH CUSHMAN 
Donee Date of Donation Amount 
George W. Bush .................................................. 02/5/2004 $2,000.00 Samuel Fenn Little .............................................. 09/26/2010 250.00 Robert Smith ....................................................... 02/4/2014 250.00 
ATTACHMENT C: F EDERAL CAMPAIGN  C
ONTRIBUTION REPORT  
AMERICAN LEGACY PAC CONTRIBUTIONS TO  
FEDERAL CANDIDATES —2014 CYCLE  
DONATIONS TO REPUBLICAN HOUSE CANDIDATES 
Recipient Amount 
Dave Brat ..................................................................................... $2,500.00 Barbara Comstock ....................................................................... 2,400.00 Lynn Jenkins ................................................................................. 1,000.00 Steve Lonegan .............................................................................. 5,000.00 Alex Mooney .................................................................................. 5,000.00 Bill O’Brien ................................................................................... 5,000.00 Elise Stefanik ............................................................................... 1,000.00 Ryan Zinke ................................................................................... 1,000.00 
DONATIONS TO REPUBLICAN SENATE CANDIDATES 
Recipient Amount 
Jeff Bell ........................................................................................ $5,000.00 Scott Brown .................................................................................. 5,000.00 Shelley Moore Capito ........................................................................................... 5,000.00 Bill Cassidy .................................................................................. 10,000.00 Ted Cruz ....................................................................................... 5,000.00 Joni Ernst ..................................................................................... 5,000.00 Cory Gardner ................................................................................ 5,000.00 Ed Gillespie .................................................................................. 2,500.00 Gabriel Gomez .............................................................................. 5,000.00 Terri Lynn Land ............................................................................ 5,000.00 James Lankford ............................................................................ 5,000.00 Mike Lee ....................................................................................... 5,000.00 Mitch McConnell .......................................................................... 5,000.00 Rand Paul .................................................................................... 5,000.00 David Perdue ................................................................................ 5,000.00 Pat Roberts .................................................................................. 10,000.00 DONATIONS TO REPUBLICAN SENATE CANDIDATES— Continued 
Recipient Amount 
Mike Rounds ................................................................................ 5,000.00 Ben Sasse .................................................................................... 5,000.00 Tim Scott ...................................................................................... 5,000.00 Dan Sullivan ................................................................................ 5,000.00 Monica Wehby .............................................................................. 5,000.00 
AMERICAN LEGACY PAC CONTRIBUTIONS TO  
FEDERAL CANDIDATES —2016 CYCLE  
DONATIONS TO REPUBLICAN HOUSE CANDIDATES 
Recipient Amount 
Richard Allen ............................................................................... $5,000.00 Paul Babeu .................................................................................. 2,500.00 Marsha Blackburn ........................................................................ 5,000.00 Rod Blum ..................................................................................... 2,500.00 Jason Chaffetz ............................................................................. 5,000.00 Mike Coffman ............................................................................... 5,000.00 Drew Ferguson ............................................................................. 5,000.00 Brian Fitzpatrick .......................................................................... 2,500.00 Trey Gowdy ................................................................................... 5,000.00 Will Hurd ...................................................................................... 2,500.00 Mia Love ....................................................................................... 2,500.00 Brian Mast ................................................................................... 5,000.00 Martha McSally ............................................................................ 2,500.00 Jeff Miller ..................................................................................... 2,500.00 Stewart Mills ................................................................................ 2,500.00 Danny Tarkanian .......................................................................... 5,000.00 Claudia Tenney ............................................................................ 5,000.00 Tim Walberg ................................................................................. 2,500.00 Lee Zeldin .................................................................................... 2,500.00 
DONATIONS TO REPUBLICAN SENATE CANDIDATES 
Recipient Amount 
Kelly Ayotte ................................................................................... $5,000.00 Roy Blunt ..................................................................................... 5,000.00 Daryl Glenn .................................................................................. 5,000.00 Chuck Grassley ............................................................................ 5,000.00 Joe Heck ....................................................................................... 5,000.00 Ron Johnson ................................................................................. 5,000.00 Mark Kirk ...................................................................................... 5,000.00 John McCain ................................................................................. 5,000.00 Rob Portman ................................................................................ 5,000.00 Marco Rubio ................................................................................. 5,000.00 Kathy Szeliga ............................................................................... 5,000.00 Pat Toomey ................................................................................... 5,000.00 
*Kel1y Knight Craft, of Kentucky, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Canada. Nominee: Kelly Knight Craft. Post: Ottawa. Canada. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, date, amount, recipient: 1. Self—Direct Contributions to Federal Committees: 10/23/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 10/ 23/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 10/9/2014, $2,600.00, Ernst, Joni K via Joni for Iowa; 10/ 9/2014, $2,600.00, Gardner, Cory via Cory Gard-ner for Senate; 10/14/2014, $2,600.00, Tillis, Thom R via Thom Tillis Committee; 6/30/ 2015, $2,700.00, Bush, Jeb via Jeb 2016, Inc.; 12/ 22/2015, $1,000.00, McCarthy, Kevin via Kevin McCarthy for Congress; 5/25/2016, $2,700.00, Atkinson, Thomas M. via Tom Atkinson for Congress; 8/10/2016, $5,400.00, Rubio, Marco via Marco Rubio for Senate; 9/13/2016, $2,700.00, Coffman, Mike Rep. via Coffman for Con-gress 2016; 9/13/2016, $2,700.00, Johnson, Ron Harold via Ron Johnson for Senate Inc.; 9/13/ 2016, $2,700.00, Heck, Joe via Friends of Joe Heck; 9/13/2016, $2,700.00, Young, Todd Chris-topher via Friends of Todd Young, Inc.; 9/13/ 2016, $2,700.00, Comstock, Barbara J. Honor-able via Comstock for Congress. Contributions to Joint Fundraising Com-mittees: 9/27/2013, $25,000.00, Boehner for Speaker; 7/14/2016, $105,400.00, Trump Victory; 9/15/2016, $160,000.00, Trump Victory. Final Recipients of Joint Fundraising Committee Contributions: 9/27/2013, $2,600.00, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.017 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4422 July 27, 2017 
Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boeh-ner; 9/27/2013, $2,600.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 9/30/2013, $19,800.00, NRCC; 3/31/2014, $10,000.00, Republican Party of Kentucky; 7/14/2016, $10,000.00, Republican Party of Wisconsin; 7/14/2016, $10,000.00, Re-publican Federal Committee of Pennsyl-vania; 7/14/2016 $2,700.00 Trump, Donald J via Donald J. Trump for President Inc.; 7/14/2016, $2,700.00, Trump, Donald J. via Donald J. Trump for President, Inc.; 7/14/2016, $10,000.00, Illinois Republican Party; 7/14/2016, $10,000.00, Missouri Republican State Committee-Fed-eral; 7/14/2016, $33,400.00, Republican National Committee; 8/10/2016, $2,256.25, Alabama Re-publican Party; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, Repub-lican Party of Virginia Inc.; 9/15/2016, $7,743.75, Republican Party of Virginia Inc.; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, North Dakota Republican Party; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, Republican Party of Louisiana; 9/15/2016, $7,743.75, Kansas Repub-lican Party; 9/15/2016, $7,74315, Republican Party of Louisiana; 9/15/2016, $2,700.00, Trump, Donald J via Donald J. Trump for President, Inc.; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, Kansas Re-publican Party; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, NY Repub-lican Federal Campaign Committee; 9/15/2016, $7,743.75, NY Republican Federal Campaign Committee; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, California Re-publican Party Federal Acct; 9/15/2016, $7,743.75, California Republican Party Fed-eral Acct; 9/15/2016, $7,743.75, Mississippi Re-publican Party; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, West Vir-ginia Republican Party, Inc.; 9/15/2016, $7,743.75, West Virginia Republican Party, Inc.; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, Wyoming Republican Party, Inc.; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, Mississippi Re-publican Party; 9/15/2016, $2,256.25, Repub-lican Party of Arkansas; 9/15/2016, $7,743.75, Republican Party of Arkansas; 9/30/2016, $7,743.75, New Jersey Republican State Com-mittee; 9/30/2016, $7,743.75, Republican Party of Minnesota-Federal; 9/30/2016, $7,743.75, Ten-nessee Republican Party Federal Election Account; 9/30/2016, $7,743.75, Connecticut Re-publican Party; 9/30/2016, $7,743.75, South Carolina Republican Party; 10/27/2016, $2,256.25, Republican Party of Minnesota- Federal; 10/27/2016, $10,000.00, North Carolina Republican Party; 10/27/2016, $2,256.25, New Jersey Republican State Committee; 10/27/ 2016, $2,256.25, Tennessee Republican Party Federal Election Account; 10/27/2016, $2,256.25, Connecticut Republican Party; 10/27/2016, $2,256.25, South Carolina Republican Party. 2. Spouse: Joseph Walton Craft III—Direct Contributions to Federal Committees: 3/18/ 2013, $2,500.00, Capito, Shelley Moore MS via Capito for West Virginia; 6/10/2013, $5,000.00, Alliance Coal, LLC PAC; 2/19/2014, $2,000.00, Louisville & Jefferson County Republican Executive Committee; 4/24/2014, $2,600.00, Jen-kins, Evan H via Jenkins for Congress; 4/24/ 2014, $2,600.00, Jenkins, Evan H via Jenkins for Congress; 6/10/2014, $32,400.00, NRSC; 6/24/ 2014, $2,600.00, Tillis, Thom R via Thom Tillis Committee; 6/24/2014, $5,200.00, Joni Ernst for US Senate; 6/27/2014, $2,600.00, Daines, Steven via Steve Daines for Montana; 6/27/2014, $2,600.00, Guthrie, S. Brett, Hon. via Guthrie for Congress; 6/27/2014, $2,600.00, Land, Terri Lynn via Terri Lynn Land for Senate; 6/27/ 2014, $2,600.00, Land, Terri Lynn via Terri Lynn Land for Senate; 6/27/2014, $2,600.00, Capito, Shelley Moore Ms Via Capito for West Virginia; 7/9/2014, $5,000.00, Citizens for Josh Mandel; 7/17/2014, $2,600.00, Wehby, Monica via Dr Monica Wehby for US Senate; 8/22/2014, $2,600.00, Cassidy, William M via Bill Cassidy for US Senate; 8/22/2014, $2,600.00, Cassidy, William M via Bill Cassidy for US Senate; 8/22/2014, $2,600.00, Cassidy, William M via Bill Cassidy for US Senate; 8/25/2014, $2,600.00, Toomey, Patrick Joseph via Friends of Pat Toomey; 8/25/2014, $100.00, Toomey, Patrick Joseph via Friends of Pat Toomey; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Coffman, Mike Rep. via Coffman for Congress; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Gillespie, Edward W via Ed Gil-lespie for Senate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Joyce, David P via Friends of Dave Joyce; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Dold, Robert James Jr via Dold for Congress; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, McFadden, Mi-chael via McFadden for Senate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Mills, Stewart Mr. via Friends of Stewart Mills, Inc.; 9/3/2014, $32,400.00, Repub-lican National Committee; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Rounds, Mike via Rounds for Senate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Gardner, Cory via Cory Gardner for Senate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, McSally, Martha via McSally for Congress; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Perdue, David via Perdue for Senate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Cotton, Thomas via Cotton for Sen-ate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Sullivan, Dan via Sul-livan for US Senate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Heck, Joe via Friends of Joe Heck for Congress; 9/ 3/2014, $2,600.00, DeMaio, Carl via Carl DeMaio for Congress; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Moon-ey, Alexander Xavier via Mooney for Con-gress; 2016; 9/03/2014, $2,600.00, Tisei Congres-sional Committee; 10/7/2014, $2,600.00, Lankford, James Paul via Families for James Lankford; 10/7/2014, $5,000.00, COALPAC, A Political Action Committee of the National Mining Association; 1/29/2015, $2,500.00, Guthrie, S. Brett Hon. via Guthrie for Congress; 1/29/2015, $2,700.00, Guthrie, S. Brett Hon. via Guthrie for Congress; 2/20/2015, $2,700.00, Lankford, James Paul via Families for James Lankford; 2/27/2015, $5,000.00, Okla-homa Strong Leadership PAC; 3/19/2015, $5,000.00, Leadership Matters for America PAC, Inc.; 3/26/2015, $334,000.00, Republican National Committee; 4/2/2015, $5,000.00, COALPAC, A Political Action Committee of the National Mining Association; 5/15/2015, $5,400.00, Johnson, Ron Harold via Ron John-son for Senate Inc.; 9/28/2015, $2,700.00, McCar-thy, Kevin via Kevin McCarthy for Congress; 10/28/2015, $2,700.00, Cole, Tom via Cole for Congress; 12/23/2015, $5,000.00, Alliance Coal, LLC PAC; 3/29/2016, $100,200,00, Republican National Committee; 3/29/2016, $100,200.00, Re-publican National Committee; 3/29/2016, $100,200.00, Republican National Committee; 3/29/2016, $33,400.00, Republican National Committee; 3/29/2016, $5,000.00, COALPAC, A Political Action Committee of the National Mining Association; 3/31/2016, $5,400.00, Blunt, Roy via Friends of Roy Blunt; 4/12/2016, $2,700.00, Comer, James via Comer for Con-gress; 5/25/2016, $2,700.00, Atkinson, Thomas M. via Tom Atkinson for Congress; 6/6/2016, $5,000.00, Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America PAC (US Chamber PAC); 6/6/2016, $5,000.00, Alliance Coal, LLC PAC; 7/11/2016, $2,700.00, Paul, Rand via Rand Paul for US Senate; 7/11/2016, $2,700.00, Paul, Rand via Rand Paul for US Senate; 7/26/2016, $5,400.00, Rubio, Marco via Marco Rubio for Senate; 7/26/2016, $12,500.00, Republican Party of Kentucky; 9/13/2016, $2,700.00, Coffman, Mike Rep. via Coffman for Congress 2016; 9/13/ 2016, $2,700.00, Heck, Joe via Friends of Joe Heck; 9/13/2016, $2,700.00, Young, Todd Chris-topher via Friends of Todd Young, Inc.; 9/13/ 2016, $2,700.00, Comstock, Barbara J.; Honor-able via Comstock for congress; 9/29/2016, $5,000.00, Okstrong PAC; 5/25/2017, $5,000.00, Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America PAC (US Chamber PAC). Contributions to Independent Expenditure- Only Committees: 5/4/2013, $100,000.00, Ken-tuckians for Strong Leadership, 12/20/2013, $500,000.00, American Crossroads; 3/28/2014, $100,000.00, Kentuckians for Strong Leader-ship; 3/28/2014, $500,000.00, American Cross-roads; 5/6/2014, $25,000.00, USA Super PAC; 6/ 27/2014, $300,000.00, Ending Spending Action Fund; 9/30/2014, $500,000.00, Congressional Leadership Fund; 09/30/2014, $250,000.00, Amer-ican Crossroads; 9/30/2014, $250,000.00, Prior-ities for Iowa Political Fund; 06/06/16, $1,000,000.00, American Crossroads; 08/05/2016, $100,000.00, Kentuckians for Strong Leader-ship; 9/28/2016, $125,000.00, Congressional Leadership Fund; 9/28/2016, $750,000.00, Future45. Contributions to Joint Fundraising Com-mittees: 5/21/2013, $50,000.00, Boehner for Speaker; 10/16/2013, $5,200.00, McConnell Vic-tory Kentucky; 6/27/2014, $10,000.00, McCon-nell Victory Kentucky; 9/30/2014, $47,400.00, Boehner for Speaker; 4/16/2015, $5,400.00, Burr Toomey Victory Fund; 9/14/2015, $43,800,00, Boehner for Speaker; 12/7/2015, $5,400.00, Sca-lise Leadership Fund; 3/31/2016, $43,800.00, Team Ryan; 7/11/2016, $100,000.00, Trump Vic-tory; 9/13/2016, $65,400.00, Trump Victory. Final Recipients of Joint Fundraising Committee Contributions: 5/28/2013, $7,400.00, Ohio Republican Party State Central & Ex-ecutive Committee; 5/31/2013, $2,600.00, Boeh-ner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 5/ 31/2013, $2,600.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 5/31/2013, $5,000.00 Freedom Project, The; 5/31/2013, $32,400.00, NRCC; 12/29/2013, $2,600.00, Cotton, Thomas via Cotton for Senate; 12/29/2013, $2,600.00, Cotton, Thomas via Cotton for Senate; 12/31/ 2013, $2,600.00, Daines, Steven via Steve Daines for Montana; 12/31/2013, $2,600.00, Daines, Steven via Steve Daines for Mon-tana; 12/31/2013, $2,600.00, Sullivan, Dan via Sullivan for US Senate; 12/31/2013, $2,600.00, Sullivan, Dan via Sullivan for US Senate; 3/ 31/2014, $5,200.00, Republican Party of Ken-tucky; 9/3/2014, $10,000.00, Republican Party of Kentucky; 9/30/2014, $5,000.00, Freedom Project, The; 9/30/2014, $32,400.00, NRCC; 9/30/ 2014, $10,000.00, Ohio Republican Party State Central & Executive Committee, 6/10/2015, $2,700.00, Burr, Richard M via Richard Burr Committee, The; 9/18/2015, $2,700.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 9/18/ 2015, $2,700.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 9/18/2015, $5,000.00, Freedom Project, The; 9/18/2015, $5,000.00, Freedom Project, The; 9/18/2015, $33,400,00, NRCC; 9/18/ 2015, $33,400.00, NRCC; 12/28/2015, $2,700.00, Scalise, Steve Mr via Scalise for Congress; 12/28/2015, $2,700.00, Scalise, Steve Mr via Sca-lise for Congress; 12/28/2015, $2,700.00, Scalise, Steve Mr via Scalise for Congress; 4/13/2016, $10,800.00, NRCC; 4/13/2016, $33,400.00, NRCC; 4/ 13/2016, $5,000.00, Prosperity Action Inc.; 4/13/ 2016, $2,700.00, Ryan, Paul D. via Ryan for Congress, Inc.; 4/13/2016, $2,700.00, Ryan, Paul D. via Ryan for Congress, Inc.; 7/11/2016, $5,912.50, Alabama Republican Party; 7/11/ 2016, $5,912.50, California Republican Party Federal Acct; 7/11/2016, $6,327.50, Illinois Re-publican Party; 7/11/2016, $5,912.50, Kansas Re-publican Party; 7/11/2016, $3,036.36, Mississippi Republican Party; 7/11/2016, $6,327.50, Mis-souri Republican State Committee-Federal; 7/11/2016, $5,912.50, North Dakota Republican Party; 7/11/2016, $3,036.36, NY Republican Fed-eral Campaign Committee; 7/11/2016, $4,087.50, NY Republican Federal Campaign Com-mittee; 7/11/2016, $6,327.50, Republican Fed-eral Committee of Pennsylvania; 7/11/2016, $3,036.36, Republican Party of Arkansas; 7/11/ 2016, $3,036.36, Republican Party of Lou-isiana; 7/11/2016, $3,036.36, Republican Party of Virginia Inc.; 7/11/2016, $6,327.50, Repub-lican Party of Wisconsin; 7/11/2016, $2,700.00, Trump, Donald J via Donald J. Trump for President, Inc.; 7/11/2016, $2,700.00, Trump, Donald J via Donald J. Trump for President 5 Inc.; 7/11/2016, $3,036.36, West Virginia Re-publican Party, Inc.; 9/15/2016, $4,087.50, Cali-fornia Republican Party Federal Acct; 9/15/ 2016, $4,087.50, Kansas Republican Party; 9/15/ 2016, $4,087.50, Mississippi Republican Party; 9/15/2016, $4,087.50, Republican Party of Ar-kansas; 9/15/2016, $4,087.50, Republican Party of Louisiana; 9/15/2016, $4,087.50, Republican Party of Virginia Inc; 9/15/2016, $4,087.50, West Virginia Republican Party, Inc.; 9/27/2016, $3,036.36, South Carolina Republican Party; 9/ 30/2016, $3,036.36, Connecticut Republican Party; 9/30/2016, $4,087.50, Connecticut Repub-lican Party; 9/30/2016, $2,700.00, McConnell, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:28 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.105 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4423 July 27, 2017 
Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 9/30/ 2016, $3,036.36, New Jersey Republican State Committee; 9/30/2016, $4,087.50, New Jersey Republican State Committee; 9/30/2016, $4,087.50, Republican Party of Minnesota— Federal; 9/30/2016, $4,087.50, South Carolina Republican Party; 9/30/2016, $3,036.36, Ten-nessee Republican Party Federal Election Account; 9/30/2016, $4,087.50, Tennessee Repub-lican Party Federal Election Account; 10/17/ 2016, $6,327.50, North Carolina Republican Party; 10/17/2016, $5,912.50, Republican Party of Minnesota—Federal. 3. Joseph W ‘‘JW’’ Craft IV—Stepson—Di-rect Contributions to Federal Committees: 3/ 19/2013, $2,500.00, Capito, Shelley Moore MS via Capito for West Virginia; 10/23/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 10/23/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 3/18/2014, $15,000.00, NRSC; 7/17/ 2014, $2,600.00, Wehby, Monica via Dr Monica Wehby for US Senate; 7/24/2014, $2,600.00, Tillis, Thom R via Thom Tillis Committee; 7/ 25/2014, $2,600.00, Joni Ernst for US Senate; 7/ 25/2014, $17,400.00, NRSC; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Cassidy, William M via Bill Cassidy for US Senate; 11/2/2014, $2,600.00, Cory Gardner for Senate; 4/24/2015, $5,000.00, Oklahoma Strong Leadership PAC; 12/8/2015, $1,000.00, Whitney Westerfield for Attorney General; 2/29/2016, $2,700.00, Rubio, Marco via Marco Rubio for President; 3/15/2016, $5,400.00, Blunt, Roy via Friends of Roy Blunt; 3/28/2016, $5,400.00, Cole, Tom via Cole for Congress; 4/12/2016, $2,700.00, Comer, James via Comer for Congress. Contributions to Joint-Fundraising Com-mittees: 6/13/2013, $50,000.00, Boehner for Speaker; 12/29/2013, $15,600.00, Friends for an American Majority; 9/26/2014, $10,000.00, McConnell Victory Kentucky; 9/18/2015, $43,800.00, Boehner for Speaker; 4/13/2016, $10,800.00, Team Ryan; 8/1/2016, $2,700.00, McConnell for Majority Leader Committee. Final Recipients of Joint-Fundraising Committee Contributions: 6/5/2013, $7,400.00, Ohio Republican Party State Central & Ex-ecutive Committee; 6/30/2013, $2,600.00, Boeh-ner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 6/ 30/2013, $2,600.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 6/30/2013, $5,000.00, Freedom Project; The; 6/30/2013, $32,400.00, NRCC; 9/30/2014, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 10/3/2014, $7,400.00, Republican Party of Kentucky. 3. Mollie Craft (Stepdaughter-in-Law)—Di-rect Contributions to Federal Committees: 10/23/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 10/23/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 3/19/2014, $15,000.00, NRSC; 7/16/2014, $2,600.00, Wehby, Monica via Dr Monica Wehby for US Senate; 7/24/2014, $17,400.00, NRSC; 7/25/2014, $2,600.00, Joni Ernst for US Senate; 9/3/2014, $2,600.00, Cas-sidy, William M via Bill Cassidy for US Sen-ate; 10/30/2014, $2,600.00, Gardner, Cory via Cory Gardner for Senate; 4/24/2015, $5,000.00, Oklahoma Strong Leadership PAC; 3/3/2016, $2,700.00, Rubio, Marco via Marco Rubio for President; 3/15/2016, $2,100.00, Blunt, Roy via Friends of Roy Blunt; 3/29/2016, $2,100.00, Cole, Tom via Cole for Congress. Contributions to Joint-Fundraising Com-mittees: 6/13/2013, $50,000.00, Boehner for Speaker; 12/29/2013, $15,600.00, Friends for an American Majority; 9/26/2014, $10,000.00, McConnell Victory Kentucky; 9/18/2015, $43,800.00, Boehner for Speaker. Final Recipients of Joint-Fundraising: 6/5/ 2013, $7,400.00, Ohio Republican Party State Central & Executive Committee. Committee Contributions: 6/30/2013, $2,600.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 6/30/2013, $2,600.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 6/30/ 2013, $5,000.00, Freedom Project, The; 6/30/ 2013, $32,400,00, NRCC; 12/29/2013, $2,600.00, Cotton, Thomas via Cotton for Senate; 12/29/ 2013, $2,600.00, Cotton, Thomas via Cotton for Senate; 12/31/2013, $2,600.00, Sullivan, Dan via Sullivan for US Senate; 2/31/2013, $2,600.00, Sullivan, Dan via Sullivan for US Senate; 12/ 31/2013, $2,600.00, Daines, Steven via Steve Daines for Montana; 12/31/2013, $2,600.00, Daines, Steven via Steve Daines for Mon-tana; 10/3/2014, $10,000.00, Republican Party of Kentucky; 9/18/2015, $2,700.00, NRCC; 9/18/2015, $2,700.00, Boehner, John A. via Friends of John Boehner; 9/18/2015, $5,000.00, Freedom Project, The; 9/18/2015, $33,400.00, NRCC. 3. Ryan Edward Craft—Stepson—Direct Contributions to Federal Committees: 3/18/ 2013, $2,500.00, Capito, Shelley Moore via Cap-ito for West Virginia; 10/16/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 10/16/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 7/8/ 2014, $5,200.00, Joni Ernst for US Senate; 7/14/ 2014, $2,600.00, Tillis, Thom R via Thom Tillis Committee; 8/2014, $32,400.00, NRSC; 8/27/2014, $2,600.00, Cassidy, William M via Bill Cassidy for US Senate; 10/30/2014, $2,600.00, Gardner, Cory via Cory Gardner for Senate; 4/22/2015, $5,000.00, Oklahoma Strong Leadership PAC; 4/18/2016, $2,700.00, Comer, James via Comer for Congress; 8/7/2016, $5,400.00, Rubio, Marco via Marco Rubio for Senate. Contributions to Joint Fundraising Com-mittees: 4/24/2015, $5,400.00, Burr Toomey Vic-tory Fund; 5/5/2016, $5,400.00, Team Ryan. Final Recipients of Joint Fundraising Committee Contributions: 6/4/2015, $2,700.00, Toomey, Patrick Joseph via Friends of Pat Toomey; 6/10/2015, $2,700.00, Burr, Richard M via Richard Burr Committee, The; 5/5/2016, $2,700.00, Ryan, Paul D. via Ryan for Con-gress, Inc.; 5/5/2016, $2,700.00, Ryan, Paul D. via Ryan for Congress, Inc. 3. Lauren Craft—Stepdaughter-in-law—Di-rect Contributions to Federal Committees: 10/16/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 10/16/2013, $2,600.00, McConnell, Mitch via McConnell Senate Committee; 7/8/2014, $5,200.00, Joni Ernst for US Senate; 7/14/2014, $2,600.00, Tillis, Thom R via Thom Tillis Committee; 8/ 2014, $32,400.00, NRSC; 8/27/2014, $2,600.00, Cas-sidy, William M via Bill Cassidy for US Sen-ate; 4/22/2015, $5,000.00, Oklahoma Strong Leadership PAC; 4/18/2016, $2,700.00, Comer, James via Comer for Congress; 8/7/2016, $5,400.00, Rubio, Marco via Marco Rubio for Senate. Contributions to Joint Fundraising Com-mittees: 4/24/2015, $5,400.00, Burr Toomey Vic-tory Fund; 5/5/2016, $5,400.00, Team Ryan. Final Recipients of Joint Fundraising Committee Contributions: 6/4/2015, $2,700.00, Toomey, Patrick Joseph via Friends of Pat Toomey; 6/10/2015, $2,700.00, Burr, Richard M via Richard Burr Committee, The; 5/5/2016, $2,700.00, Ryan, Paul D. via Ryan for Con-gress, Inc.; 5/5/2016, $2,700.00, Ryan, Paul D. via Ryan for Congress, Inc. 3. Daughter—Mia Alexandra Moross: No contributions to report. 3. Daughter—Jane Brady Knight: No con-tributions to report. 3. Stepdaughter—Caroline Craft Fiddes: No contributions to report. 3. Stepson-in-Law—Mark Fiddes: No con-tributions to report. 3. Kyle O’Keefe Craft—Stepson: No con-tributions to report. 4. Sherry D. Guilfoil—Mother (deceased): No contributions to report. 4. Bobby Austin Guilfoil—Father (de-ceased): No contributions to report. 5. Grandparents—N/A (all deceased): No contributions to report. 6. Brother—Marc Guilfoil: No contribu-tions to report. 6. Elisabeth Jensen—Sister-in-law—Direct Contributions to Federal Committees: 5/5/ 2013, $250.00, Landrieu, Mary L via Friends of Mary Landrieu, Inc.; 5/17/2013, $869.92, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 5/24/2013, $2,500.00, Kentucky State Demo-cratic Central Executive Committee; 6/4/2013, $758.63, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jen-sen for Congress; 6/10/2013, $2,200.00, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 6/21/2013, $250.00, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 6/26/2013, $2,600.00, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 6/26/2013, $2,600.00, Jen-sen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Con-gress; 7/1/2013, $6.00, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 7/2/2013, $13.80, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 7/3/2013, $210.30, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 7/11/2013, $47.52, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jen-sen for Congress; 7/17/2013, $26.95, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress; 12/31/2013, 2,100.00, Vernon, Monica W via Monica Vernon for Congress; 2/28/2015, $98,142.43, Jensen, Elisabeth via Elisabeth Jensen for Congress. 7. Sister—Micah Guilfoil—No contributions to report. 
*Sharon Day, of Florida, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Costa Rica. Nominee: Sharon Day. Post: San Jose, Costa Rica. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: Sharon Day: $2000.00, 2/24/2012, Allen West via Deep Strike PAC; $500.00, 5/1/2012, Kelly for Congress; $1000.00, 1/27/2013, Maggie’s List; $10,000.00, 6/28/2013, Republican National Committee; $1000.00, 1/28/2014, Terri Lynn Land for Senate; $1000.00, 2/3/2014, Maggie’s List; $1000.00, 3/18/2016, Ron Johnson for Sen-ate Inc; $625.00, 5/16/2016, Republican Party of Florida. Spouse—deceased. *Nathan Alexander Sales, of Ohio, to be Coordinator for Counterterrorism, with the rank and status of Ambassador at Large. Nominee: Nathan Alexander Sales. Post: Coordinator for Counterterrorism, with the rank and status of Ambassador at Large. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $1,000.00, 3/17/2014, Tom Cotton for Senate; $500.00, 6/30/2012, Ted Cruz for Senate; $500.00, 5/4/2012, David McIntosh for Congress. 2. Spouse: $500.00, 3/15/2016, Hillary for America; $250.00, 10/18/2016, Denise Gitsham for Congress. 3. Children and Spouses: Anna R. Sales, None; Catherine E. Sales, None. 4. Parents: Alex D. Sales, None; Marsha G. Sales, None. 5. Grandparents: Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Benjamin D. Sales, None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: n/a. 
*George Edward Glass, of Oregon, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Portuguese Republic. Nominee: George Edward Glass. Post: Portugal. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.108 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4424 July 27, 2017 
have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $2700, 6/22/15, Jeb Bush; $2700, 10/28/ 15, Ron Wyden; $2700, 7/12/16, Donald Trump for President; $50,000, 7/12/16, Trump Victory Campaign; $33,400, 7/12/16, Republican Na-tional Committee; $27,500, 9/29/16, Trump Vic-tory Campaign; $2700, 12/20/16, Ed Royce; $2700, 12/21/16, Devin Nunes. 2. Spouse: Mary F. Glass: $2700, 6/22/15, Jeb Bush; $2700, 10/28/15, Ron Wyden; $2700, 7/12/16, Donald Trump for President. 3. Children and Spouses: George F. Glass: $2700, 6/30/15, Jeb Bush; Emily Grimmitt: $2700, 6/30/15, Jeb Bush; Andrew J Glass: $2700, 6/30/15, Jeb Bush. 4. Parents: Mary O’Leary: $2700, 6/26/15, Jeb Bush; Jay O’Leary: $2700, 6/26/15, Jeb Bush; Robert M. Glass—Deceased. 5. Grandparents: Gordon Wilson—Deceased; Ruth Wilson—Deceased; Robert Glass—De-ceased; Adaline Glass—Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Robert and Katy Glass—None; Richard and Brigid Glass— None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: N/A. 
*Robert Wood Johnson IV, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Nominee: Robert Wood Johnson IV. Post: U.S. Ambassador to the United King-dom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, donee, date, and amount: 1. Self: Trump Victory*, 11/10/2016, $249,200.00; Trump Victory*, 10/27/2016, $100,000.00; Friends Of Joe Heck, 10/19/2016, $2,700.00; Gridiron PAC, 10/14/2016, $5,000.00; Portman, Rob Via Portman for Senate Com-mittee, 8/3/2016, $2,700.00; Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., 6/29/2016, $2,700.00; Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., 6/29/2016, $2,700.00; Trump Victory*, 6/29/2016, $100,000.00; Friends of Kelly Ayotte, Inc., 6/29/ 2016, $2,700.00; Friends of Kelly Ayotte, Inc., 6/29/2016, $2,700.00; Liz Cheney for Wyoming, 5/ 27/2016, $2,700.00; Liz Cheney for Wyoming, 5/ 27/2016, $2,700.00; Heaney, Andrew via Heaney for Congress, 3/23/2016, $2,700.00; Graham, Lindsey O via Lindsey Graham 2016, 3/21/2016, $2,700.00; Right To Rise Pac, Inc., 2/1/2016, $5,000.00; Gridiron PAC, 8/5/2015, $5,000.00; Bush, Jeb via Jeb 2016, Inc., 6/15/2015, $2,700.00; Right To Rise USA, 5/29/2015, $1,604.27; Right To Rise USA, 3/31/2015, $500,000.00; Republican National Committee, 10/7/2014, $32,400.00; McCain, John S via Friends of John McCain Inc., 9/30/2014, $5,200.00; McConnell Senate Committee ’14**, 4/29/2014, $10,000.00; Texans for Senator John Cornyn Inc, 12/23/2013, $2,600.00; McConnell Senate Committee ’14, 11/20/2013, $2,600.00; McConnell Senate Committee ’14, 11/20/2013, $2,400.00; Portman, Rob via Portman for Sen-ate Committee, 9/20/2013, $2,600.00; Repub-lican National Committee, 5/8/2013, $32,400.00. * Trump Victory is a joint fundraising committee composed of Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., the Republican National Committee, and the official Republican state parties in Alabama, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jer-sey, New York, North Carolina, North Da-kota, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Ten-nessee, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Contributions made to Trump Victory are allocated by Trump Victory to these component committees. ** McConnell Victory Kentucky was a joint fundraising committee composed of McConnell Senate Committee ’14 and the Re-publican Party of Kentucky. Contributions made to McConnell Victory Kentucky were allocated by the joint fundraising committee to these component committees. 2. Spouse: Suzanne Ircha Johnson: Gridiron PAC, 10/14/2016, $5,000.00; Portman, Rob via Portman for Senate Committee, 8/3/2016, $2,700.00; Friends of Kelly Ayotte, Inc., 6/29/ 2016, $2,700.00; Friends of Kelly Ayotte, Inc., 6/29/2016, $2,700.00; Liz Cheney for Wyoming, 5/ 27/2016, $2,700.00; Liz Cheney for Wyoming, 5/ 27/2016, $2,700.00; Lindsey Graham 2016, 3/21/ 2016, $2,700.00; Right to Rise PAC, Inc., 2/1/ 2016, $5,000.00; Gridiron PAC, 8/5/2015, $5,000.00; Jeb 2016, Inc., 7/30/2015, $2,700.00; Re-publican National Committee, 10/7/2014, $32,400.00; Texans for Senator John Cornyn, Inc., 12/23/2013, $2,600.00; Republican National Committee, 9/24/2013, $32,400.00. 3. Children and Spouses: Jamie Alan Ross Johnson, none; Robert Wood Johnson V, none; Jack Wood Johnson, none; Sale Trot-ter Case Johnson—deceased; Elizabeth Wood Johnson: Jeb 2016, Inc., 8/12/2015, $2,700.00. 4. Parents: Robert Wood Johnson III—de-ceased; Betty Wold Johnson: Gridiron PAC, 10/14/2016, $5,000.00; Friends of Kelly Ayotte Inc., 6/24/2016, $2,700.00; Friends of Kelly Ayotte Inc., 6/24/2016, $2,700.00; Lance, Leon-ard via Lance for Congress, 6/8/2016, $2,700.00; Lance, Leonard via Lance for Congress, 6/8/ 2016, $2,700.00; Right to Rise USA, 3/17/2015, $500,000.00; Frelinghuysen for Congress, 3/1/ 2016, $400.00; Frelinghuysen for Congress, 3/1/ 2016, $2,700.00; Gridiron PAC, 7/29/2015, $5,000.00; Jeb 2016, 6/26/2015, $2,700.00; Lance, Leonard via Lance for Congress, 11/3/2014, $2,600.00; Republican National Committee, 9/ 19/2014, $32,400.00; New Hampshire for Scott Brown, 8/18/2014, $2,600.00; Frelinghuysen for Congress, 5/12/2014, $300.00; Frelinghuysen for Congress, 5/12/2014, $2,300.00; Frelinghuysen for Congress, 5/12/2014, $2,600.00; Republican National Committee, 9/25/2013, $32,400.00; Lance, Leonard Via Lance for Congress, 9/20/ 2013, $2,600.00; Lonegan for Senate, 9/13/2013, $2,600.00. 5. Grandparents: Robert Wood Johnson II— deceased; Elizabeth Ross Johnson—deceased; Karl Christian Wold—deceased; Maybelle Wold—deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Keith Wold John-son—deceased; Willard Trotter Case John-son—deceased; Christopher Wold Johnson: Country First PAC, 11/4/2016, $2,600.00; John McCain via Sedona PAC, 11/4/2016, $100.00; Gridiron PAC, 1/12/2016, $5,000.00; Kelly Ayotte via Friends of Kelly Ayotte Inc., 10/ 24/2016, $2,700.00; Jeb Bush via Jeb 2016 Inc., 6/ 15/2015, $2,700.00; Scott Brown via Strong Country for today and tomorrow, 9/18/2014, $2,600.00; John McCain via Sedona PAC, 4/28/ 2014, $5,200.00; Liz Cheney via Cheney for Wy-oming, 10/25/2013, $2,600.00; Elizabeth Emken for Congress, 9/6/2013, $2,600.00. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Elizabeth Ross Johnson—deceased. *Luis E. Arreaga, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Guatemala. Nominee: Luis Edmundo Arreaga. Post: U.S. Embassy, Guatemala. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions: amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Mary Fidelis Arreaga: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Melania Rita Arreaga (Daughter): None; Spouse: Vincent Bauermeister: None; Juan Carlos Arreaga (Son): None; Luis Mikel Arreaga (Son): None. 4. Parents: Father: Juan Arreaga: None; Mother: Gloria Arreaga: None. 5. Grandparents: Name Unknown (Grand-father): None; Leocadia Arreaga (Grand-mother): None; Urbano Rodas (Grandfather): None; Dolores Rodas: None. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Antonio Arreaga (Brother): None; Loreny Arreaga (spouse): None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Melania Morales: None; Marcelo Morales (Spouse): None. *Krishna R. Urs, of Connecticut, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Peru. Nominee: Krishna Raj Urs. Post: Lima, Peru. The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate. Contributions, amount, date, donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Kathryn Kamala Urs, None; David Raja Urs, None. 4. Parents: Subaraj Venkataramaraj Urs (Deceased), None; Helen Harriet Urs (De-ceased), None. 5. Grandparents: Acutha Subaraj Urs (De-ceased), None; Puttama Narashiappa (De-ceased), None; Walter Zimmerman (De-ceased), None; Hazel Havens, None. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Sheshi Urs (half brother from India, Deceased), None; Walter Krishna Urs (Deceased), None; Jeffrey Ramesh Urs, None; Spouse Allison Urs, None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Kamala Diane Urs, None; Spouse Juergen Juffa, $50, 2015, Robin LaBedz’s campaign for Arlington Heights Village Trustee. 
*Kay Bailey Hutchison, of Texas, to be United States Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization, with the rank and status of Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. Nominee: Kay (Kathryn) Bailey Hutchison. Post: Ambassador to NATO. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: (KPAC), $1,875.00, 061/04/13, John Cornyn; $1,875.00, 06/04/13, Mitch McConnell; $1,875.00, 06/04/13, Susan Collins; $1,875.00, 06/ 04/13, Lamar Alexander; $1,000.00, 12/12/13, Lindsey Graham; $1,000.00, 03/20/14, Susan Collins; $1,000.00, 08/15/14, Kevin Brady; $1,000.00, 09/15/14, Winning Women for the Senate; $1,000.00, 08/31/15, Retain the Senate; $1,000.00, 09/25/15, Rob Portman; $1,000.00, 09/ 25/15, John McCain; $1,000.00, 04/26/16, Kelly Ayotte; $1,000.00, 10/15/16, Pete Sessions; $2,188.25, 11/01/16, Richard Burr In-Kind; $1,000.00, 06/23/17, Orrin Hatch. 
*Lewis M. Eisenberg, of Florida, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Italian Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:28 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.031 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4425 July 27, 2017 
of the United States of America to the Re-public of San Marino. Nominee: Lewis Michael Eisenberg. Post: U.S. Ambassador to Italy. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, Amount, Date, and Donee: 1. Self: $10,000.00, 01/25/13, Cantor Young Guns Victory Fund ($5,000 went to ERICPAC 2013 and $5,000 went to Cantor for Congress); $5,200.00, 03/15/13, McConnell Senate Com-mittee 2014; $2,600.00, 05/30/13, Roger Williams for US Congress Committee; $1,000.00, 06/04/13, Richard Hanna for Congress; $2,600.00, 06/04/ 13, Gabriel Gomez for Senate; $1,568.00, 06/25/ 13, Team Graham, Inc.; ¥$1,568.00, 06/25/13, Team Graham, Inc. (return); $1,668.00, 06/25/ 13, Team Graham, Inc.; $2,600.00, 08/08/13, Che-ney for Wyoming; $2,500.00, 08/22/13, Ryan- Prosperity Action Committee; $2,500.00, 08/22/ 13, Ryan for Congress, Inc.; $17,500.00, 08/27/13, Republican Jewish Coalition; $200.00, 09/23/13, Team Graham $5,000.00, 10/14/13, Country First PAC; $10,000.00, 10/21/13, Cowboy SuperPAC (1st payment of $20K total); $2,600.00, 10/21/13, Portman for Senate Com-mittee; $5,200.00, 10/23/13, Texans for Senator John Cornyn; $500.00, 11/21/13, Dan Coats for Indiana; $1,000.00, 12/27/13, Together PAC, Inc. (no record on our end and I think it is Demo-cratic which he doesn’t contribute to); $2,300.00, 01/16/14, Chris Isola for Congress; $2,600.00, 01/16/14, Portman for Senate Com-mittee; $1,000.00, 01/24/14, Lance for Congress; $5,200.00, 02/12/14, Capito for West Virginia; $25,000.00, 02/12/14, NRCC; $25,000.00, 02/12/14, RNC; $2,000.00, 02/12/14, Scott Garrett for Con-gress; $2,500.00, 02/21/14, NRSC (John Child’s Rob Portman event 2/23/14); $2,600.00, 04/15/14, Shane Osborn for Senate; $2,600.00, 04/25/14, Mark Kirk for Senate; $5,200.00, 05/19/14, Dan Sullivan for U.S. Senate; $1,000.00, 05/20/14, Friends of Bill Posey; $2,600.00, 05/20/14, New Hampshire for Scott Brown; $2,600.00, 05/21/14, French Hill for Arkansas; $25,000.00, 05/21/14, NRSC; ¥$1,500.00, 6/11/2014, Our records show refund from Chris Isola; $2,500.00, 07/01/14, Pa-triots in Action PAC (Roger Williams); $5,000.00, 07/03/14, John Bolton PAC; ¥2,133.84, 8/21/04, Our records show refund from Cantor for Congress; $17,500.00, 09/04/14, Republican Jewish Coalition; $2,600.00, 09/10/14, New Hampshire for Scott Brown; $12,500.00, 09/16/ 14, Kentuckians for Strong Leadership (McConnell SuperPac); $2,600.00, 09/29/14, Friends of John McCain; $2,600.00, 10/15/14, Collins for Senator; $10,000.00, 02/05/15, Alli-ance for a Strong America; $500.00, 02/10/15, Zeldin for Congress (Campaign/FEC error); $5,000.00, 02/13/15, PortPac (Promoting Our Republican Team PAC); $5,400.00, 02/17/15, Marco Rubio for Senate; $5,400.00, 03/09/15, Ron Johnson for Senate; $1,000.00, 03/12/15, Scott Garrett for Congress; $10,000.00, 05/21/15, RJC (Republican Jewish Coalition); $5,400.00, 05/27/15, Kelly Ayotte for US Senate; $266.16 06/7/15, Our records show return from Eric Cantor (contribution made in 2013); $5,400.00, 06/18/15, American Security Initiative; $35,000.00, 07/27/2015, RNC; ¥$2,700.00, 07/28/15, My records show refund from Marco Rubio for Senate, 2015 Gen. Fund; ¥$2,700.00, 08/1/15, My records show refund from Healey for Con-gress (gen. election); $5,400.00, 08/11/15, Heaney for Congress; $10,000.00, 09/28/15, Ari-zona Grassroots Action PAC (John McCain); $17,500.00, 10/07/2015, RJC (Republican Jewish Coalition); $10,000.00, 10/07/2015, RJC (Repub-lican Jewish Coalition) Presidential Can-didate Forum; $2,700.00, 12/08/15, Zeldin for Congress; $2,500.00, 12/08/15, Friends of John McCain; $2,700.00, 01/06/16, Jobs for Con-necticut-Larry Kudlow exploratory com-mittee; $35.00, 2/19/2016, RNC (sustaining membership); $2,700.00, 01/06/16, Friends of Joe Heck; $2,700.00, 02/19/16, Friends of Joe Heck; $10,800.00, 03/01/16, Liz Cheney for Con-gress; $500.00, 05/02/16, Friends of Bill Posey; $2,700.00, 05/03/16, Lindsey Graham 2016 (Lindsey Graham 2016 Debt Retirement); $2,700.00, 05/16/16, Wells for Congress; $10,800.00, 06/21/16, Trump Victory-Revenue; $2,700.00, 06/30/16, Kirk Victory 2016; $25,000.00, 06/30/16, Trump Victory-Revenue; $5,000.00, 8/ 4/2016, Trump for America, Inc. 501(c)(4); $17,500.00, 11/1/2016, Republican Jewish Coali-tion; $1,000.00, 11/01/16, Barbara Comstock for Congress; $2,700.00, 11/29/16, Scott Walker Inc.; $2,500.00, 01/24/17, Team Josh. 2. Spouse: Judith Eisenberg, $2,600.00, 08/8/ 13, Cheney for Wyoming; $5,200.00, 09/23/13, Team Graham; $5,200.00, 02/12/14, Capito for West Virginia; $5,000.00, 02/24/14, Collins for Senator; $5,200.00, 03/10/14, Ed Gillepsie for Senate; $2,600.00, 09/29/14, Friends of John McCain; $2,600.00, 02/13/15, PortPac (Pro-moting Our Republican Team PAC); $2,900.00, 02/17/15, Marco Rubio for Senate; $2,600.00, 02/ 20/15, Security Through Strength; Lindsey Graham 2016; $5,400.00, 03/09/15, Ron Johnson for Senate; $2,700.00, 07/22/15, Lindsey Graham 2016; $3,333.00, 12/14/15, Lindsey Graham Super PAC; $2,700.00, 03/31/16, Friends of John McCain. 3. Children and Spouses: Richard (Lisa Eisenberg) Goodwyn, None; Richard Goodwyn, $1,000.00, 06/23/16, Trump Victory; Mrs. Laura (Eisenberg) Balestro, None; Mr. & Mrs. Paul (Stacy Eisenberg), None. 4. Parents—Deceased: Seymour Eisenberg; Estelle Ann (Iglitzen) Eisenberg. 5. Grandparents—Deceased: Louis & Lena Eisenberg; Max & Ruth Iglitzen. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Robert Eisenberg- single; None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: n/a. *Ray Washburne, of Texas, to be President of the Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion. *Kelley Eckels Currie, of Georgia, to be Representative of the United States of Amer-ica on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambas-sador. *Kelley Eckels Currie, of Georgia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representa-tive of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations. *Carl C. Risch, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Consular Af-fairs). *David Steele Bohigian, of Missouri, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO: S. 1641. A bill to amend the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act to limit certain administrative ac-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. TOOMEY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 1642. A bill to amend the Revised Stat-utes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Fed-eral Credit Union Act, and the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to require the rate of in-terest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. E
NZI): S. 1643. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commis-sioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service who was involuntarily sepa-rated from service for misconduct; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 1644. A bill to clarify the status of the Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historic Trail as a unit of the National Park System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 1645. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Mary-land, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 1646. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Maryland, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. C OCHRAN , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 1647. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain non-significant investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions as qualifying capital instruments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 1648. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. S
ASSE): S. 1649. A bill to help States combat abuse of occupational licensing laws by economic incumbents, to promote competition, to en-courage innovation, to protect consumers, and to facilitate the restoration of antitrust immunity to State occupational boards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 1650. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to support the access of marginalized youth to sexual health services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 1651. A bill to provide for temporary fi-nancing of short-time compensation pro-grams; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.042 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4426 July 27, 2017 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 1652. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Portal-to-Por-tal Act of 1947 to prevent wage theft and as-sist in the recovery of stolen wages, to au-thorize the Secretary of Labor to administer grants to prevent wage and hour violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 1653. A bill to provide for the overall health and well-being of young people, in-cluding the promotion of lifelong sexual health and healthy relationships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. H
ELLER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARD-
NER, and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. 1654. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the privacy protec-tions for electronic communications infor-mation that is stored by third-party service providers in order to protect consumer pri-vacy interests while meeting law enforce-ment needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. COLLINS: S. 1655. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: S. 1656. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide cyberse-curity protections for medical devices; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 1657. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the privacy protec-tions for electronic communications infor-mation that is stored by third-party service providers and for geolocation information in order to protect consumer privacy interests while meeting law enforcement needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 1658. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to give the Department of Education the au-thority to award competitive grants to eligi-ble entities to establish, expand, or support school-based mentoring programs to assist at-risk students in middle school and high school in developing cognitive and social- emotional skills to prepare them for success in high school, postsecondary education, and the workforce; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 1659. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to establish a national usury rate for consumer credit transactions; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. BLUNT , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. W AR-
NER): S. 1660. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit the ac-ceptance by political committees of online contributions from certain unverified sources, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 1661. A bill to make permanent the ex-tended period of protections for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. SHELBY: S. 1662. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 1663. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to enhance the require-ments for secure geological storage of carbon dioxide for purposes of the carbon dioxide se-questration credit; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 1664. A bill to amend section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, with respect to the treatment of communities as urbanized areas following a major disaster; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. HATCH: S. 1665. A bill to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are avail-able for disposal under the Pony Express Re-source Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 1666. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue a rule requiring all new passenger motor vehicles to be equipped with a child safety alert system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 1667. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide protections for con-sumers against excessive, unjustified, or un-fairly discriminatory increases in premium rates; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHUMER: S. 1668. A bill to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 1669. A bill to provide mandatory fund-ing for the remediation of National Priority List sites, certain abandoned coal mining sites, and formerly used defense sites, and for the Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Ac-tion Program and the Diesel Emissions Re-duction Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 1670. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to increase participation in community solar and the re-ceipt of associated benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 1671. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. C OT-
TON, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. K ING, Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R EED, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. P ERDUE , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. S TRANGE , and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. Res. 234. A resolution recognizing the Sailors and Marines who sacrificed their lives for ship and shipmates while fighting the devastating 1967 fire onboard USS For-restal and, during the week of the 50th anni-versary of the tragic event, commemorating the efforts of those who survived; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. Res. 235. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Secretary of De-fense should consider establishing an award program for the cyber community of the De-partment of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. Res. 236. A resolution recognizing July 28, 2017, as ‘‘World Hepatitis Day 2017’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): S. 1651. A bill to provide for tem-porary financing of short-time com-pensation programs; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am joined by Senators C
ASEY , GILLIBRAND , H
ASSAN , and W HITEHOUSE to introduce the Layoff Prevention Act of 2017. This bill renews and extends Federal sup-port for State short-time compensa-tion—or work sharing—programs, which help avert layoffs and the eco-nomic effects of long-term unemploy-ment. Work sharing is a proven concept that is endorsed by economists across the political spectrum. When business slows down, employers feel pressure to lay off employees. Under work sharing, employers may instead opt to reduce hours across-the-board, and employees may then collect a pro-rata unemploy-ment compensation check for the hours they lost. This prevents layoffs, lowers employers’ rehiring and training ex-penses, and costs States only a fraction of what they would pay if workers went on full unemployment. The Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 included my Lay-off Prevention Act, which modernized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.044 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4427 July 27, 2017 
Federal work sharing laws. Partly as a result of this increased Federal support for work sharing, State work sharing programs helped to save over 130,000 jobs between 2012 and the expiration of Federal incentives in 2015. The legislation I am introducing today would renew incentives so that States with existing work sharing pro-grams, and those considering enacting a program, can qualify for Federal sup-port. Our economy has come a long way in recent years, and we should in-vest in proven programs like work sharing to ensure we do not experience again the same scale of job loss that we endured during the Great Recession. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this bill to keep American workers on the job, save tax-payers money, and provide employers with a practical, positive, and cost-ef-fective alternative to layoffs. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. H
ELLER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARD-
NER, and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. 1654. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the pri-vacy protections for electronic commu-nications information that is stored by third-party service providers in order to protect consumer privacy interests while meeting law enforcement needs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. L
EAHY . Six years ago, Senator L
EEand I first joined together to re-form our outdated digital privacy laws. We recognized that our Nation’s pri-vacy rules failed to account for how we live our lives today and provided little protection for Americans’ electronic information. Most Americans are shocked to learn that a law dating back to the Reagan administration governs when the gov-ernment can read their emails and texts, view their photos, obtain their location information, and even inspect their Internet browsing history. Thir-ty-one years ago, I led efforts to write the Electronic Communications Pri-vacy Act (ECPA). At the time, com-puters were an emerging technology and there was little understanding of the Internet, let alone cloud com-puting. ECPA was significant and for-ward-looking legislation in 1986, but it was not intended to get us through 30 years of technological innovations. Modern technology and digital commu-nications have transformed our soci-ety. It is past time for Congress to catch up. ECPA no longer makes any sense in our digital world. When Senator L
EE and I first set out to modernize the statute, we focused on one critical re-form: enacting a clear, uniform rule that the government must obtain a warrant supported by probable cause whenever it seeks the content of our emails, texts, photos, and other elec-tronic documents stored in the cloud. This is what the Constitution requires; and this is what Vermonters, Utahns, and Americans across the Country ex-pect. But even in the six years since we first introduced legislation to reform ECPA, it has become increasingly clear that broader reforms are necessary to ensure that the statute adequately ad-dresses the privacy and technological challenges of the modern world. When the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit held in 2010 that email was fully protected by the Fourth Amend-ment, the court cautioned that ‘‘the Fourth Amendment must keep pace with the inexorable march of techno-logical progress, or its guarantees will wither and perish.’’ The bill we intro-duce today would ensure our laws keep pace. The ECPA Modernization Act of 2017 introduces a broad set of reforms to our digital privacy statutes. Like legis-lation we introduced in previous Con-gresses, this bill would create a foundational requirement that the gov-ernment obtain a warrant when it seeks the content of our electronic communications from third-party serv-ice providers. The bill also goes further by addressing the unique privacy con-cerns associated with Americans’ loca-tion information. Following the exam-ple set by States like Vermont, Utah, and California, our bill would require that the government obtain a warrant when it seeks stored or real-time loca-tion information from third-party serv-ice providers, or uses IMSI-catchers or stingrays to get location data from in-dividuals’ own cell phones. The ECPA Modernization Act addi-tionally would require law enforcement to notify individuals when their com-munications or location information is obtained from third-party service pro-viders. The bill would also add new pri-vacy protections related to government requests for customer records and metadata; a suppression remedy for il-legally obtained electronic data; and reform the pen register and trap and trace device statutes to bring them in line with other laws. Senator LEEand I are proud to intro-duce this bill with the support of a broad range of stakeholders, including the Center for Democracy & Tech-nology, the ACLU, the Constitution Project, New America’s Open Tech-nology Institute, the Electronic Fron-tier Foundation, the American Library Association, the R Street Institute, TechFreedom, FreedomWorks, Google, Engine, BSA/The Software Alliance, and many others. Today Senator L
EEand I are also in-troducing the Email Privacy Act, com-panion legislation to the bill intro-duced in the House of Representatives by Congressmen Y
ODER and P OLIS. The Email Privacy Act passed the House by voice vote earlier this year, and re-ceived an overwhelming 419 to 0 vote last congress. I commend Representa-tives Y
ODER and P OLIS for their efforts, and also commend House Judiciary Committee Chairman G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C
ONYERS for reaching a historic compromise that led to unanimous support for this bill in the House. When the House passed the Email Privacy Act last year, I was hopeful that the Senate would follow suit to protect Americans’ digital privacy and swiftly pass the bill so that it would be enacted into law. I was disappointed when instead of working in a bipar-tisan fashion, certain Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee threatened to use it as a vehicle to push poison pill amendments on con-troversial National security matters, effectively killing the bill for their own political purposes. The Email Privacy Act is a good bill that is unanimously supported by the House of Representatives. That legisla-tion does not include all the reforms that I believe are necessary to bring our digital privacy laws into the mod-ern age, but it takes a significant step toward ensuring that ECPA complies with the Fourth Amendment by requir-ing a warrant whenever the govern-ment seeks the contents of Americans’ emails and electronic communication. I have worked for years to see this crit-ical reform implemented into law, and I will take every opportunity to see that it reaches the President’s desk. But make no mistake: I believe our work must not stop there. Americans deserve Fourth Amendment protec-tions for their location information, notice when law enforcement obtains their content or location data, and strong protections governing the acqui-sition of metadata and records. I will keep fighting for the protections we have now set forth in the ECPA Mod-ernization Act. I will keep pushing the Senate to advance legislation that keeps pace with Americans’ expecta-tions of privacy. The American people expect these protections, and they de-serve them. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 1658. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 to give the Depart-ment of Education the authority to award competitive grants to eligible entities to establish, expand, or sup-port school-based mentoring programs to assist at-risk students in middle school and high school in developing cognitive and social-emotional skills to prepare them for success in high school, postsecondary education, and the workforce; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. DURBIN, Mr. President, today I introduce the Mentoring to Succeed Act, a bill that would break down the walls of access and meet at-risk youth where they are, in school, to give them the support and guidance they need to be successful. Barriers such as childhood poverty, inadequate schools, chronic absentee-ism, adverse childhood experiences, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:28 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.046 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4428 July 27, 2017 
community violence, exclusionary dis-cipline policies, and juvenile justice in-volvement can lead to poor academic achievement and life outcomes. Stu-dents who grow up facing these chal-lenges without a strong support system often struggle to transition to high school, college, and the workforce. School-based mentoring programs are an effective strategy to help at-risk students thrive in school, careers, and life. According to a 2014 study, there are an estimated 16 million young people, including 9 million at-risk youth, who will reach the age of 19 without ever having a mentor. As a result, these youth will miss out on the powerful ef-fects of mentoring that are linked to significant outcomes. Youth who have mentors are 52 percent less likely to skip a day of school; 55 percent more likely to be enrolled in college; 81 per-cent more likely to participate regu-larly in sports or extracurricular ac-tivities; 78 percent more likely to vol-unteer regularly in their communities; and 130 percent more likely to hold leadership positions. Researchers at the University of Chi-cago found that Youth Guidance’s school-based mentoring program, Be-coming a Man, reduced arrests for vio-lent crime, improved school engage-ment, and increased high school grad-uation rates. Mentoring programs can help youth develop the skills employers are seek-ing. A 2016 study found that 8 in 10 em-ployers say social and emotional skills are the most important to success, and are the most difficult skills to find in job applicants. In Illinois, an estimated 55,000 youth are formally matched with a mentor, with 68 percent residing in Metro Chi-cago. Last year, it cost the State of Il-linois an average of $172,000 to incar-cerate one youth, compared to an aver-age of $6,000 for one youth in an inten-sive youth development program, and only $2,300 per youth in a formal men-toring program. In 2012, the University of Chicago Crime Lab found that bene-fits to society compared to mentoring program costs in Illinois measured as high as $31 for every $1 dollar invested. Lakeisha Steele, a member of my staff that has been working on this issue, is a testament to the powerful ef-fect mentorship can have. She lost her oldest brother, Lewis Williams III, to gun violence on July 10, 1996. He was 24 years old and studying to become a welder while preparing for the birth of his only son, his namesake, who would be born a month after his death. The loss of her brother’s life rocked Lakeisha’s family to its core. There were limited resources in her commu-nity (she is from Kankakee, Illinois) and her family could not afford to see a grief counselor. She went through her freshman year grieving the loss of her brother and it impacted her school work. A once A-student brought home Cs and Ds. She credits her high school guidance counselor, Paul Meyer of Kankakee High School, for helping her cope with the trauma of losing her brother and keeping her focused on her education and future. She says she wouldn’t be here today without his mentorship. The Mentoring to Succeed Act would help break down the barriers that make it difficult for far too many of our children and youth to succeed, es-pecially our students of color. This bill would provide high-need school dis-tricts, schools, and local governments with the funding they need to create, expand, and support school-based men-toring programs to improve the aca-demic, social, and workforce skills of at-risk students. It would support part-nerships with non-profit, community- based, and faith-based organizations to serve more at-risk students. In addi-tion, it would support youth job train-ing by partnering with local businesses and private companies to provide at- risk students with internships and ca-reer exploration activities. Further, this bill would provide funding to train mentors on trauma and toxic stress to increase student resilience and pro-mote social and emotional develop-ment. Last year, the City of Chicago an-nounced a bold and innovative men-toring initiative to help Chicago’s most at-risk youth. By the year 2018, the City’s goal is to reach 7,200 8th, 9th, and 10th grade boys in 22 of Chicago’s highest poverty and highest violence neighborhoods. This bill would support the City of Chicago and other local governments, schools, and school districts who have undertaken efforts to help at-risk youth by creating or expanding school- based mentoring programs. I would like to thank my colleague, Senator T
AMMY DUCKWORTH from Illinois for joining me in this effort. I hope my other colleagues will join me to strengthen investments in school-based mentoring programs to help at-risk youth develop the academic, social, and workforce skills that lead to suc-cess. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1658 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mentoring to Succeed Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to make assist-ance available for school-based mentoring programs for at-risk students in order to— (1) establish, expand, or support school- based mentoring programs; (2) assist at-risk students in middle school and high school in developing cognitive and social-emotional skills; and (3) prepare such at-risk students for suc-cess in high school, postsecondary education, and the workforce. SEC. 3. SCHOOL-BASED MENTORING PROGRAM. 
Part C of title I of the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2351 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 136. DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS FOR SCHOOL-BASED MENTORING PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this Act: ‘‘(1) A
T-RISK STUDENT .—The term ‘at-risk student’ means a student who— ‘‘(A) is failing academically or at risk of dropping out of school; ‘‘(B) is pregnant or a parent; ‘‘(C) is a gang member; ‘‘(D) is a child or youth in foster care or a youth who has been emancipated from foster care but is still enrolled in high school; ‘‘(E) is or has recently been a homeless child or youth; ‘‘(F) is chronically absent; ‘‘(G) has changed schools 3 or more times in the past 6 months; ‘‘(H) has come in contact with the juvenile justice system in the past; ‘‘(I) has a history of multiple suspensions or disciplinary actions; ‘‘(J) is an English learner; ‘‘(K) has 1 or both parents incarcerated; ‘‘(L) has experienced 1 or more adverse childhood experiences, traumatic events, or toxic stressors, as assessed through an evi-dence-based screening; or ‘‘(M) lives in a high-poverty area with a high rate of community violence. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’— ‘‘(A) means a high-need local educational agency, high-need school, or local govern-ment entity; and ‘‘(B) may include a partnership between an entity described in subparagraph (A) and a nonprofit, community-based, or faith-based organization, or institution of higher edu-cation (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)). ‘‘(3) E
NGLISH LEARNER .—The term ‘English learner’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(4) F
OSTER CARE .—The term ‘foster care’ has the meaning given the term in section 1355.20 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions. ‘‘(5) H
IGH-NEED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘high-need local educational agency’ means a local educational agency that serves at least 1 high-need school. ‘‘(6) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- need school’ has the meaning given the term in section 2211 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6631). ‘‘(7) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS .—The term ‘homeless children and youths’ has the meaning given the term in section 725 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a). ‘‘(8) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTORING .—The term ‘school-based mentoring’ means a struc-tured, managed, evidenced-based program conducted in partnership with teachers, ad-ministrators, school psychologists, school social workers or counselors, and other school staff, in which at-risk students are appropriately matched with screened and trained professional or volunteer mentors who provide guidance, support, and encour-agement, involving meetings, group-based sessions, and educational and workforce-re-lated activities on a regular basis to prepare at-risk students for success in high school, postsecondary education, and the workforce. ‘‘(b) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTORING COMPETI -
TIVE GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants on a competitive basis to eligi-ble entities to establish, expand, or support school-based mentoring programs that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.054 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4429 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(A) are designed to assist at-risk students in high-need schools in developing cognitive skills and promoting social-emotional learn-ing to prepare them for success in high school, postsecondary education, and the workforce by linking them with mentors who— ‘‘(i) have received mentor training, includ-ing on trauma-informed practices and youth engagement; and ‘‘(ii) have been screened using appropriate reference checks and criminal background checks; ‘‘(B) provide coaching and technical assist-ance to mentors in such mentoring program; ‘‘(C) provide at-risk students with a posi-tive relationship with a skilled adult offer-ing support and guidance; ‘‘(D) improve the academic achievement of at-risk students; ‘‘(E) foster positive relationships between at-risk students and their peers, teachers, other adults, and family members; ‘‘(F) reduce dropout rates and absenteeism and improve school engagement of at-risk students and their families; ‘‘(G) reduce juvenile justice involvement of at-risk students; ‘‘(H) develop the cognitive and social-emo-tional skills of at-risk students; ‘‘(I) develop the workforce readiness skills of at-risk students; ‘‘(J) encourage at-risk students to partici-pate in community service activities; and ‘‘(K) encourage at-risk students to set goals and plan for their futures, including encouraging such students to make plans for postsecondary education and the workforce. ‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall award grants under this section for a period not to exceed 5 years. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—To receive a grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary an application that includes— ‘‘(A) a needs assessment that includes baseline data on the measures described in paragraph (6)(A)(ii); and ‘‘(B) a plan to meet the requirements of paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In selecting grant recipi-ents, the Secretary shall give priority to ap-plicants that— ‘‘(A) serve children and youth with the greatest need living in high-poverty, high- crime areas, rural areas, or who attend schools with high rates of community vio-lence; ‘‘(B) provide at-risk students with opportu-nities for job training, professional develop-ment, work shadowing, internships, net-working, resume writing and review, inter-view preparation, college application assist-ance, college visits, and leadership develop-ment through community service, including through partnerships with the private sector and local businesses to provide internship and career exploration activities and re-sources; and ‘‘(C) seek to provide match lengths be-tween at-risk students and mentors of not less than 8 months. ‘‘(5) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under this section may use such funds to— ‘‘(A) develop and carry out regular training for mentors, including on— ‘‘(i) the impact of adverse childhood expe-riences; ‘‘(ii) trauma-informed practices and inter-ventions; ‘‘(iii) supporting homeless children and youths; ‘‘(iv) supporting children and youth in fos-ter care or youth who have been emanci-pated from foster care but are still enrolled in high school; ‘‘(v) cultural competency; ‘‘(vi) confidentiality requirements for working with children and youth in foster care; and ‘‘(vii) working in coordination with a pub-lic school system; ‘‘(B) recruit, screen, match, and train men-tors; ‘‘(C) hire staff to perform or support the objectives of the school-based mentoring program; ‘‘(D) provide youth engagement activities, such as— ‘‘(i) enrichment field trips to cultural des-tinations; and ‘‘(ii) career or academic exploration activi-ties; and ‘‘(E) conduct program evaluation, includ-ing by acquiring and analyzing the data de-scribed under paragraph (6). ‘‘(6) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the end of each academic year during the grant period, an eligible entity receiving a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary a report that includes— ‘‘(i) the number of students who partici-pated in the school-based mentoring program that was funded in whole or in part with the grant funds; ‘‘(ii) data on the academic achievement, dropout rates, truancy, absenteeism, out-comes of arrests for violent crime, summer employment, and college enrollment of stu-dents in the program; ‘‘(iii) the number of group sessions and number of one-to-one contacts between stu-dents in the program and their mentors; ‘‘(iv) the average attendance of students enrolled in the program; ‘‘(v) data on social emotional development of students as assessed with a validated so-cial emotional assessment tool; and ‘‘(vi) any other information that the Sec-retary may require to evaluate the success of the school-based mentoring program. ‘‘(B) S
TUDENT PRIVACY .—An eligible entity shall ensure that the report submitted under subparagraph (A) is prepared in a manner that protects the privacy rights of each stu-dent in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (com-monly referred to as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g). ‘‘(7) M
ENTORING RESOURCES AND COMMUNITY  
SERVICE COORDINATION .— ‘‘(A) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall work with the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention to— ‘‘(i) refer grantees under this section to the National Mentoring Resource Center to ob-tain resources on best practices and research related to mentoring and to request no-cost training and technical assistance; and ‘‘(ii) provide grantees under this section with information to promote positive youth development, including transitional services for at-risk students returning from correc-tional facilities. ‘‘(B) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary shall coordinate with the Corporation for National and Community Service, includ-ing through entering into an interagency agreement or a memorandum of under-standing, to provide technical assistance and other resources to support grantees under this section as they provide mentoring and community service-related activities for at- risk students. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 4. INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES STUDY ON SCHOOL-BASED MEN-TORING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Edu-cation, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall con-duct a study to— (1) identify successful school-based men-toring programs and effective strategies for administering and monitoring such pro-grams; (2) evaluate the role of mentors in pro-moting cognitive development and social- emotional learning to enhance academic achievement and to improve workforce read-iness; and (3) evaluate the effectiveness of the grant program under section 136 of the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, as added by section 3, on student aca-demic outcomes and youth career develop-ment. (b) TIMING .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Education, acting through the Di-rector of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall submit the results of the study to the appropriate Congressional committees. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 1659. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to establish a national usury rate for consumer credit trans-actions; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1659 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Consumers from Unreasonable Credit Rates Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) attempts have been made to prohibit usurious interest rates in America since co-lonial times; (2) at the Federal level, in 2006, Congress enacted a Federal 36 percent annualized usury cap for servicemembers and their fam-ilies for covered credit products, as defined by the Department of Defense, which curbed payday, car title, and tax refund lending around military bases; (3) notwithstanding such attempts to curb predatory lending, high-cost lending persists in all 50 States due to loopholes in State laws, safe harbor laws for specific forms of credit, and the exportation of unregulated interest rates permitted by preemption; (4) due to the lack of a comprehensive Fed-eral usury cap, consumers annually pay ap-proximately $14,000,000,000 on high-cost over-draft loans, as much as approximately $7,000,000,000 on storefront and online payday loans, $3,800,000,000 on car title loans, and ad-ditional amounts in unreported revenues on high-cost online installment loans; (5) cash-strapped consumers pay on aver-age approximately 400 percent annual inter-est for payday loans, 300 percent annual in-terest for car title loans, up to 17,000 percent or higher for bank overdraft loans, and tri-ple-digit rates for online installment loans; (6) a national maximum interest rate that includes all forms of fees and closes all loop-holes is necessary to eliminate such preda-tory lending; and (7) alternatives to predatory lending that encourage small dollar loans with minimal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.048 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4430 July 27, 2017 
or no fees, installment payment schedules, and affordable repayment periods should be encouraged. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL MAXIMUM INTEREST RATE. 
Chapter 2 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1631 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 140B. MAXIMUM RATES OF INTEREST. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no creditor may make an extension of credit to a consumer with re-spect to which the fee and interest rate, as defined in subsection (b), exceeds 36 percent. ‘‘(b) F
EE AND INTEREST RATEDEFINED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the fee and interest rate includes all charges payable, directly or indirectly, inci-dent to, ancillary to, or as a condition of the extension of credit, including— ‘‘(A) any payment compensating a creditor or prospective creditor for— ‘‘(i) an extension of credit or making avail-able a line of credit, such as fees connected with credit extension or availability such as numerical periodic rates, annual fees, cash advance fees, and membership fees; or ‘‘(ii) any fees for default or breach by a borrower of a condition upon which credit was extended, such as late fees, creditor-im-posed not sufficient funds fees charged when a borrower tenders payment on a debt with a check drawn on insufficient funds, overdraft fees, and over limit fees; ‘‘(B) all fees which constitute a finance charge, as defined by rules of the Bureau in accordance with this title; ‘‘(C) credit insurance premiums, whether optional or required; and ‘‘(D) all charges and costs for ancillary products sold in connection with or inci-dental to the credit transaction. ‘‘(2) T
OLERANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a credit obligation that is payable in at least 3 fully amortizing installments over at least 90 days, the term ‘fee and interest rate’ does not include— ‘‘(i) application or participation fees that in total do not exceed the greater of $30 or, if there is a limit to the credit line, 5 percent of the credit limit, up to $120, if— ‘‘(I) such fees are excludable from the fi-nance charge pursuant to section 106 and regulations issued thereunder; ‘‘(II) such fees cover all credit extended or renewed by the creditor for 12 months; and ‘‘(III) the minimum amount of credit ex-tended or available on a credit line is equal to $300 or more; ‘‘(ii) a late fee charged as authorized by State law and by the agreement that does not exceed either $20 per late payment or $20 per month; or ‘‘(iii) a creditor-imposed not sufficient funds fee charged when a borrower tenders payment on a debt with a check drawn on in-sufficient funds that does not exceed $15. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION .—The Bureau may adjust the amounts of the toler-ances established under this paragraph for inflation over time, consistent with the pri-mary goals of protecting consumers and en-suring that the 36 percent fee and interest rate limitation is not circumvented. ‘‘(c) C
ALCULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) O
PEN END CREDIT PLANS .—For an open end credit plan— ‘‘(A) the fee and interest rate shall be cal-culated each month, based upon the sum of all fees and finance charges described in sub-section (b) charged by the creditor during the preceding 1-year period, divided by the average daily balance; and ‘‘(B) if the credit account has been open less than 1 year, the fee and interest rate shall be calculated based upon the total of all fees and finance charges described in sub-section (b)(1) charged by the creditor since the plan was opened, divided by the average daily balance, and multiplied by the quotient of 12 divided by the number of full months that the credit plan has been in ex-istence. ‘‘(2) OTHER CREDIT PLANS .—For purposes of this section, in calculating the fee and inter-est rate, the Bureau shall require the method of calculation of annual percentage rate specified in section 107(a)(1), except that the amount referred to in that section 107(a)(1) as the ‘finance charge’ shall include all fees, charges, and payments described in sub-section (b)(1) of this section. ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS AUTHORIZED .—The Bu- reau may make adjustments to the calcula-tions in paragraphs (1) and (2), but the pri-mary goals of such adjustment shall be to protect consumers and to ensure that the 36 percent fee and interest rate limitation is not circumvented. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF CREDITOR .—As used in this section, the term ‘creditor’ has the same meaning as in section 702(e) of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691a(e)). ‘‘(e) N
OEXEMPTIONS PERMITTED .—The ex- emption authority of the Bureau under sec-tion 105 shall not apply to the rates estab-lished under this section or the disclosure re-quirements under section 127(b)(6). ‘‘(f) D
ISCLOSURE OF FEE AND INTEREST RATE 
FOR CREDIT OTHER THAN OPEN ENDCREDIT  P
LANS .—In addition to the disclosure re-quirements under section 127(b)(6), the Bu-reau may prescribe regulations requiring dis-closure of the fee and interest rate estab-lished under this section. ‘‘(g) R
ELATION TO STATE LAW.—Nothing in this section may be construed to preempt any provision of State law that provides greater protection to consumers than is pro-vided in this section. ‘‘(h) C
IVILLIABILITY AND ENFORCEMENT .—In addition to remedies available to the con-sumer under section 130(a), any payment compensating a creditor or prospective cred-itor, to the extent that such payment is a transaction made in violation of this section, shall be null and void, and not enforceable by any party in any court or alternative dispute resolution forum, and the creditor or any subsequent holder of the obligation shall promptly return to the consumer any prin-cipal, interest, charges, and fees, and any se-curity interest associated with such trans-action. Notwithstanding any statute of limi-tations or repose, a violation of this section may be raised as a matter of defense by recoupment or setoff to an action to collect such debt or repossess related security at any time. ‘‘(i) V
IOLATIONS .—Any person that violates this section, or seeks to enforce an agree-ment made in violation of this section, shall be subject to, for each such violation, 1 year in prison and a fine in an amount equal to the greater of— ‘‘(1) 3 times the amount of the total ac-crued debt associated with the subject trans-action; or ‘‘(2) $50,000. ‘‘(j) S
TATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL .—An ac- tion to enforce this section may be brought by the appropriate State attorney general in any United States district court or any other court of competent jurisdiction within 3 years from the date of the violation, and such attorney general may obtain injunctive relief.’’. 
SEC. 4. DISCLOSURE OF FEE AND INTEREST RATE FOR OPEN END CREDIT PLANS. 
Section 127(b)(6) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1637(b)(6)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the total finance charge expressed’’ and all that follows through the end of the para-graph and inserting ‘‘the fee and interest rate, displayed as ‘FAIR’, established under section 141.’’. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 1664. A bill to amend section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, with re-spect to the treatment of communities as urbanized areas following a major disaster; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1664 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Relief for Recovering Communities Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF URBANIZED AREAS FOL-LOWING A MAJOR DISASTER. 
Section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) U
RBANIZED AREAS FOLLOWING A MAJOR D
ISASTER .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINED TERM .—In this section, the term ‘major disaster’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(2) of the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)). ‘‘(2) U
RBANIZED AREA MAJOR DISASTER POPU -
LATION CRITERIA .—Notwithstanding section 5302, the Secretary shall treat an area as an ‘urbanized area’ for purposes of this section until the second decennial census conducted after a major disaster in such area if— ‘‘(A) the area was defined and designated as an ‘urbanized area’ by the Secretary of Commerce in the decennial census imme-diately preceding such major disaster, effec-tive with the 2000 decennial census; and ‘‘(B) the population of the area fell below 50,000 as a result of such major disaster. ‘‘(3) P
OPULATION CALCULATION .—An area treated as an ‘urbanized area’ under this sub-section shall be assigned the population and square miles of the urban cluster designated by the Secretary of Commerce in the most recent decennial census. ‘‘(4) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to affect appor-tionments made under this chapter before the date of the enactment of this sub-section.’’. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 1667. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide protec-tions for consumers against excessive, unjustified, or unfairly discriminatory increases in premium rates; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Protecting Consumers from Unreasonable Rates Act. This critical health care reform bill would address the soaring cost of insurance premiums. Many factors contribute to increas-ing premiums, from the increased prev-alence of chronic disease to the con-solidation of the insurance market. But no matter the root cause of pre-mium hikes, it is important that rate increases are reviewed to ensure they are fair. When consumers see insurance premiums increase by double digits, it can add an additional burden on top of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.061 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4431 July 27, 2017 
mortgage payments, childcare, and stu-dent loans. If rates are unreasonable, they should be blocked or modified. The Protecting Consumers from Un-reasonable Rates Act would allow the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to act on behalf of consumers to protect them against egregious in-creases in health insurance rates in States that do not take this action. In California and several other States across the Nation, State regulators lack the authority to block or modify extreme health insurance rate in-creases. This legislation does not change any State’s ability to take this action. Rather, it simply allows the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to help fill in the gaps in the health care regulatory space so con-sumers in all States would have ade-quate protections against this type of price gouging. The Affordable Care Act slowed the growth of premium increases and im-proved the value of health insurance— including how much of premiums in-surers must spend on actual medical care and ensuring rate increases are at least reviewed. These were good first steps, but more needs to be done. Far too many Americans are facing rate in-creases and full consumer protections must be in place to ensure that prices reflect true cost and not simply profits. Providing all Americans with afford-able, quality healthcare is of the ut-most importance and Congress ought to be building on the successes of the Affordable Care Act while making im-provements where necessary. This bill provides a straightforward, direct enforcement mechanism to en-sure that insurers may not impose un-reasonably high costs on consumers, by empowering the Secretary of Health and Human Services to step in when State regulators do not, or are unable to. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to protect Americans from unreasonable rate hikes and move to-ward real, commonsense health care solutions. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: S. 1668. A bill to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Jo-seph Sanford Jr. Channel’’; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1668 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JOSEPH SANFORD JR. CHANNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The waterway in the State of New York designated as the ‘‘Negro Bar Channel’’ shall be known and redesig-nated as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the waterway referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 167, a bill to designate a National Memorial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. 
S. 223 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 223, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who dis-close potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 540, a bill to limit the author-ity of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 711 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 711, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for S corporation reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 888 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 888, a bill to amend the Higher Education Opportunity Act to add dis-closure requirements to the institution financial aid offer form and to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make such form mandatory. 
S. 1028 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1028, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment and maintenance of a Na-tional Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1146 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1146, a bill to enhance the abil-ity of the Office of the National Om-budsman to assist small businesses in meeting regulatory requirements and develop outreach initiatives to pro-mote awareness of the services the Of-fice of the National Ombudsman pro-vides, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1182, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint com-memorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Le-gion. S. 1196 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1196, a bill to expand the capacity and capability of the ballistic missile defense system of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1311 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1311, a bill to provide assist-ance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States. 
S. 1354 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1354, a bill to establish an Individual Market Reinsurance fund to provide funding for State individual market stabilization reinsurance programs. 
S. 1462 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1462, a bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to im-prove cost sharing subsidies. 
S. 1505 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1505, a bill to provide that silencers be treated the same as firearms acces-sories. 
S. 1532 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1532, a bill to disqualify from operating a commercial motor ve-hicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in commit-ting a felony involving human traf-ficking. 
S. 1536 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1536, a bill to designate a human trafficking prevention coordi-nator and to expand the scope of activi-ties authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to in-clude human trafficking prevention ac-tivities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1591, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.112 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4432 July 27, 2017 
as cosponsors of S. 1598, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. T
ESTER , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1598, supra. 
S. 1601 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1601, a bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to establish that cer-tain conduct, in or around a dwelling, shall be considered to be severe or per-vasive for purposes of determining whether a certain type of sexual har-assment has occurred under that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1608 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1608, a bill to authorize the Cap-itol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries, and for other purposes. 
S. 1619 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1619, a bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to ex-tend the interest rate limitation on debt entered into during military serv-ice to debt incurred during military service to consolidate or refinance stu-dent loans incurred before military service. 
S. 1640 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1640, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S.J. RES. 47 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 47, a joint reso-lution providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to ‘‘Arbitra-tion Agreements’’. 
S. RES. 162 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 162, a resolution reaffirm-ing the commitment of the United States to promoting religious freedom, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 233 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. COTTON ), the Senator from Geor-gia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 233, a resolution designating Au-gust 16, 2017, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 274 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 274 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 275 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 275 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 276 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 276 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 290 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 290 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 329 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 329 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 333 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 333 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 341 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 341 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1628, a bill to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. AMENDMENT NO . 366 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 366 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 378 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Sen-ator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 378 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 383 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Sen-ator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 383 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 391 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 391 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 523 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 523 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.065 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4433 July 27, 2017 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 234—RECOG-NIZING THE SAILORS AND MA-RINES WHO SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES FOR SHIP AND SHIP-MATES WHILE FIGHTING THE DEVASTATING 1967 FIRE ON-BOARD USS FORRESTAL AND, DURING THE WEEK OF THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TRAGIC EVENT, COMMEMORATING THE EFFORTS OF THOSE WHO SUR-VIVED Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. K ING, Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K
AINE, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. P ERDUE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. S
TRANGE , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 234 Whereas, in 1967, the ongoing naval bomb-ing campaign against North Vietnam from Yankee Station in the Gulf of Tonkin was the most intense and sustained air attack operation in the history of the United States Navy; Whereas, in June 1967, USS Forrestal and Carrier Air Wing Seventeen departed Norfolk, Virginia, for duty in the Gulf of Tonkin; Whereas, on July 28, 1967, during an under-way replenishment, the crew of USS Forrestal reluctantly onloaded volatile bombs that were not intended for carrier use in order to meet the combat requirements for strikes the next day; Whereas, despite safety precautions taken by the crew, a devastating fire erupted on USS Forrestal after— (1) an electrical surge in a parked aircraft caused the aircraft to fire a Zuni rocket that ruptured a fuel tank on another aircraft; and (2) the burning fuel ignited a chain reac-tion of 9 bomb explosions on the flight deck; Whereas the explosions destroyed multiple aircraft and tore massive holes in the ar-mored flight deck of USS Forrestal, and burn- ing fuel dripped into the living quarters of the crew and the below-decks aircraft hang-ar; Whereas, for 18 hours, Sailors and Marines on USS Forrestal, assisted by others from ac-companying destroyers, fought to bring the fire under control while hospital corpsmen navigated the mangled flight deck and tend-ed to the wounded; and Whereas, the fire onboard USS Forrestal ul- timately— (1) left 134 men dead and 161 men severely injured; (2) destroyed more than 21 aircraft; and (3) caused USS Forrestal to terminate its support to the fight in Vietnam and return to Norfolk, Virginia, for repairs: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes that— (A) if not for the heroic actions of the crew of USS Forrestal, the consequences of the fire would have been far more devastating to the Sailors and Marines onboard and the aircraft carrier itself; and (B) the selfless sacrifices of those who came to the rescue of fellow shipmates and USS Forrestal represent, and are consistent with, the highest traditions of the United States Navy; (2) commemorates the 50th anniversary of the USS Forrestal fire; and (3) expresses gratitude to the Sailors and Marines who served aboard USS Forrestal for their faithful service. f SENATE RESOLUTION 235—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE SHOULD CONSIDER ESTABLISHING AN AWARD PRO-GRAM FOR THE CYBER COMMU-NITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Mr. ROUNDS submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 235 Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Secretary of Defense should consider— (1) establishing an award program for em-ployees of the Department of Defense who carry out the cyber missions or functions of the Department of Defense; (2) all award options under law or policy, including compensation, time off, and status awards; (3) awards based upon operational impact and meritorious service; (4) providing the largest possible oppor-tunity for such members or employees to earn such rewards without regard to type of position, grade, years of service, experience or past performance; (5) individual and organization rewards; and (6) other factors, as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, that would reward and provide incentive to cyber personnel or orga-nizations. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 236—RECOG-NIZING JULY 28, 2017, AS ‘‘WORLD HEPATITIS DAY 2017’’ Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 236 Whereas Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, and the incidence of liver disease caused by those vi-ruses, have become urgent problems of a global proportion; Whereas the World Health Organization has identified viral hepatitis as an inter-national public health challenge comparable to human immunodeficiency virus (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘HIV’’), tuberculosis, and malaria; Whereas, in 2016, the World Health Organi-zation released a global health sector strat-egy on viral hepatitis that aims to eliminate viral hepatitis as a public health threat by 2030; Whereas an estimated 240,000,000 individ-uals worldwide are chronically infected with Hepatitis B and an estimated 686,000 individ-uals worldwide die each year due to Hepa-titis B; Whereas an estimated 150,000,000 individ-uals worldwide are chronically infected with Hepatitis C and an estimated 700,000 individ-uals worldwide die each year due to Hepa-titis C-related liver disease; Whereas an estimated 1,000,000 individuals worldwide die each year due to liver failure or primary liver cancer resulting from a chronic infection of hepatitis; Whereas an estimated 5,300,000 individuals in the United States are infected with either Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C, including 1,400,000 individuals who are chronically infected with Hepatitis B and 2,700,000 individuals who are chronically infected with Hepatitis C; Whereas, in 2014, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that there were 19,200 new Hepatitis B infections and 30,500 new Hepatitis C infections, respec-tively, in the United States; Whereas, since 2010, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has found significant increases in the transmission of new hepa-titis cases in the United States, including a 151 percent increase in new transmissions of Hepatitis C in the United States between 2010 and 2013; Whereas chronic viral hepatitis claims thousands of lives in the United States each year, and in 2014 alone, there were 19,659 deaths due to Hepatitis C in the United States; Whereas an individual who has become chronically infected with Hepatitis B or Hep-atitis C may not have symptoms for up to 40 years after being infected; Whereas some groups of individuals in the United States have a higher rate of chronic viral hepatitis infection than other groups of individuals in the United States, including African-Americans, Asian Americans, Pa-cific Islanders, Latinos, Native Americans, Alaska Natives, gay and bisexual men, and individuals who inject drugs intravenously; Whereas Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have the highest rate of Hepatitis B- related deaths in the United States; Whereas Hepatitis B is 50 to 100 times more infectious than HIV; Whereas Hepatitis C is 10 times more infec-tious than HIV; Whereas an estimated 25 percent of individ-uals in the United States who are infected with HIV are also infected with Hepatitis C; Whereas life expectancies for individuals infected with HIV have increased with antiretroviral treatment, and liver disease (largely attributed to Hepatitis B and Hepa-titis C infections) has become the most com-mon cause of death among this population, aside from acquired immune deficiency syn-drome; Whereas, despite the fact that chronic viral hepatitis is the most common blood- borne infection in the United States, an esti-mated 65 percent of individuals with Hepa-titis B and an estimated 75 percent of indi-viduals with Hepatitis C are unaware of the infection; Whereas Hepatitis B is preventable through vaccination, and both Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C are preventable with proper public health interventions, including pro-grams that offer access to sterile injection equipment for individuals who inject drugs intravenously; Whereas effective and safe treatment is available for individuals with Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C, including new curative treatments for Hepatitis C; and Whereas ‘‘World Hepatitis Day 2017’’ will promote the elimination of viral hepatitis through greater awareness, increased diag-nosis, and key interventions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes July 28, 2017, as ‘‘World Hep-atitis Day 2017’’; (2) supports broad access to Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C treatments; (3) supports raising awareness of the risks and consequences of undiagnosed chronic Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C infections; and (4) calls for a robust governmental and public health response to protect the health of the approximately 5,300,000 individuals in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.100 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4434 July 27, 2017 
the United States, and 390,000,000 individuals worldwide, who suffer from chronic viral hepatitis. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 392. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 393. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 394. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 395. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 396. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 397. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 398. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 399. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 400. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 401. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 402. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 403. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 404. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 405. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 406. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 407. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 408. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 409. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. PAUL, Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mr. M URPHY ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3298, to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memo-rial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries, and for other purposes. SA 410. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 411. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 412. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 413. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 414. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 415. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 416. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 417. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 418. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 419. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 420. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 421. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 422. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 423. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 424. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. BLUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 425. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 426. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 427. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 428. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 429. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 430. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 431. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 432. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 433. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 434. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 435. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 436. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 437. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 438. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 439. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 440. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.062 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4435 July 27, 2017 
SA 441. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 442. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 443. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 444. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 445. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 446. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 447. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 448. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 449. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 450. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 451. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 452. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 453. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 454. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 455. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 456. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 457. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 458. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 459. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 460. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 461. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 462. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. ROBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 463. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 464. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 465. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 466. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 467. Mr. LEE (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 468. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 469. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 470. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 471. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 472. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 473. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 474. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 475. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 476. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. R OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 477. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 478. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 479. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. SULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 480. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 481. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 482. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 483. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 484. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 485. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 486. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 487. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 488. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 489. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 490. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 491. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 492. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 493. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 494. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 495. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN , and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 496. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 497. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 498. Mr. McCAIN (for himself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment intended to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.079 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4436 July 27, 2017 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 499. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 500. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 501. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 502. Mr. ENZI (for Mr. H
ELLER (for him- self and Mrs. F
ISCHER )) proposed an amend-ment to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra. SA 503. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 504. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 505. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 506. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 507. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 508. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 509. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 510. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 511. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W ARNER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 512. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 513. Mr. McCAIN (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 514. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 515. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 516. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 517. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. GARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 518. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 519. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 520. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 521. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 522. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 523. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 524. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 525. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 526. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 527. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 528. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 529. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 530. Mrs. McCASKILL (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 531. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 532. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 533. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 534. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. COR-
NYN, and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 535. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 536. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 537. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 538. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. R UBIO) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 539. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 540. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 541. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 542. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 543. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 544. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 545. Mr. McCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 546. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 547. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.081 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4437 July 27, 2017 
SA 548. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 549. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 550. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 551. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 552. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 553. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 554. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 555. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 556. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 557. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 558. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 559. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 560. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 561. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 562. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 563. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 564. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 565. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 566. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 567. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 568. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 569. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 570. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 571. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 572. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 573. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. YOUNG ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 574. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 575. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 576. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 577. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 578. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 579. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 580. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 581. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 582. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 583. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 584. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 585. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 586. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 587. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 588. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 589. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mrs. MCCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 590. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 591. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 592. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. S HELBY , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 593. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 594. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 595. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 596. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 597. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 598. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 599. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 600. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 601. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.083 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4438 July 27, 2017 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 602. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. D AINES ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 603. Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OL-
LINS) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 604. Mr. KING submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 605. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 606. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 607. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 608. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 609. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 610. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 611. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 612. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 613. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 614. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 615. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 616. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 617. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 618. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 619. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 620. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 621. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 622. Mr. WARNER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 623. Mr. WARNER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 624. Mr. WARNER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 625. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 626. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 627. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. STABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 628. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 629. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 630. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 631. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 632. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 633. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 634. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 635. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 636. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 637. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 638. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 639. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 640. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 641. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 642. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 643. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 644. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 645. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 646. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 647. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 648. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 649. Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. S ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 650. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 651. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 652. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 653. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 654. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 655. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 656. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 657. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.086 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4439 July 27, 2017 
SA 658. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 659. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 660. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 661. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 662. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 663. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 664. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 665. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 666. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 667. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. SA 668. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 669. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 670. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 671. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 672. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 673. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 674. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 675. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 676. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. MORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 677. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 678. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 679. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 680. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 681. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 682. Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 683. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 684. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 685. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 686. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 687. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 688. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 689. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 690. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 691. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 692. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 693. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 694. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 695. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. CAPITO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 696. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 697. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 698. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 699. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 700. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 701. Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 702. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 703. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 704. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 705. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 706. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 707. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 708. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 709. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 710. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 711. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 712. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.088 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4440 July 27, 2017 
SA 713. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 714. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 715. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 716. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 717. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 718. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 719. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 720. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 721. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 667 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628 , to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 722. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 723. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 724. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 725. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 726. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 727. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 728. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 729. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 730. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. COTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 731. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. M AR-
KEY) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 732. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 733. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 392. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2816. TREATMENT AS IN-KIND CONSIDER-ATION OF FINANCIAL SUPPORT AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ON LAND LEASED ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
Section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept as otherwise provided in subsection (c)(4),’’ after ‘‘amount that’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4)(A) In the case of a lease under this sec-tion that is entered into during the period described in subparagraph (C) with an in-sured depository institution chartered by the Federal Government or a State, the Sec-retary concerned may deem financial sup-port and services provided by the insured de-pository institution to members of the armed forces, civilian employees of the De-partment of Defense, and their dependents as sufficient in-kind consideration to cover all lease, services, and utilities costs assessed with regard to the leased property. ‘‘(B) The Secretary concerned may renego-tiate the terms of a lease under this section that was entered into prior to the period de-scribed in subparagraph (C) with an insured depository institution to apply subparagraph (A) to the lease as if such subparagraph were in effect at the time the Secretary entered into the lease. ‘‘(C) The period described in this subpara-graph is the period that begins on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and ends on September 30, 2023.’’. SA 393. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle J of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899D. USE OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS FOR PHYSICAL ACCESS CONTROL SYS-TEMS OR IDENTITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The procurement process for any covered Physical Access Control Sys-tem or Identity Management System shall be carried out in accordance with section 2377 of title 10, United States Code. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Service Acquisition Executive respon-sible for each covered Physical Access Con-trol System or Identity Management System shall certify to the congressional defense committees that the procurement process for any covered Physical Access Control System or Identity Management System procured after the date of the enactment of this Act will be carried out in accordance with sec-tion 2377 of title 10, United States Code. (c) C
OVERED PHYSICAL ACCESS CONTROL  S
YSTEM OR IDENTITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered Physical Access Control System or Identity Management System’’ includes the fol-lowing: (1) The Defense Biometric Identification System (DBIDS). (2) The Automated Installation Entry (AIE) system. (3) The Biometric Automated Access Con-trol System (BAACS). (4) The Navy Access Control Management System (NACMS). 
SA 394. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTAL-LATION ACCESS CONTROL INITIA-TIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating Department of Defense installation access control initia-tives. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An assessment of Department of De-fense requirements for managing access to military installations and the extent to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.091 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4441 July 27, 2017 
which the Department has taken an enter-prise-wide approach to developing those re-quirements and identifying capability gaps. (2) A description of capabilities (processes and systems) that are in place at military in-stallations that currently meet these re-quirements. (3) A summary of which options, including business process reengineering, the develop-ment or acquisition of business systems, and the acquisition of commercial solutions, are being are being pursued to close those gaps. (4) A description of how the Department of Defense is assessing which options to pursue in terms of cost, schedule, and potential per-formance and to what extent the Depart-ment’s assessments follow directives under the Federal Acquisition Regulation and De-fense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to consider commercial products and services. 
SA 395. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. USE OF ROBOTIC SERVICING OF GEO-SYNCHRONOUS SATELLITES PRO-GRAM OF DEFENSE ADVANCED RE-SEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY. 
(a) R ETENTION OF OWNERSHIP .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall ensure that the United States retains all ownership of and rights to systems developed under the robotic servicing of geosynchronous sat-ellites program of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON OPERATION BY CON-
TRACTOR .—The Secretary may not transfer ownership or the operation of systems re-sulting from the robotic servicing of geo-synchronous satellites program to a com-mercial entity. (c) U
SE OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary may use the robotic servicing of geosynchronous satellites program only if— (1) such use services assets of the United States; and (2) the Secretary determines that such use is more cost effective than any commercial alternative. 
SA 396. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON UNITED STATES INTERESTS IN THE FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth the results of a study, conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of the report, on United States security and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associ-ated States of the Republic of Palau, the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and the Fed-erated States of Micronesia. (b) ELEMENTS .—The study required pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall address the fol-lowing: (1) The role of the Compacts of Free Asso-ciation in promoting United States defense and foreign policy interests, and the status of the obligations of the United States and the Freely Associated States under the Com-pacts of Free Association. (2) The economic assistance practices of the People’s Republic of China in the Freely Associated States, and the implications of such practices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associ-ated States and the Pacific region. (3) The economic assistance practices of other countries in the Freely Associated States, as determined by the Comptroller General, and the implications of such prac-tices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associated States and the Pacific region. (4) Any other matters the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall consult in the preparation of the report with other departments and agencies of the United States Government, including elements of the intelligence community. (d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified for, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 397. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2803. ANNUAL LOCALITY ADJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR THRESHOLDS APPLICABLE TO UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR LIMITATIONS  
FOR LOCATION .—Each fiscal year, the Sec-retary concerned shall adjust the dollar limi-tations specified in this section applicable to an unspecified minor military construction project to reflect the area construction cost index for military construction projects pub-lished by the Department of Defense during the prior fiscal year for the location of the project.’’. 
SA 398. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: SEC. 1049. ACCESS OF VETERANS SERVICE ORGA-NIZATIONS TO MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS IN THE UNITED STATES FOR SUPPORT OF PROVISION OF PRESEPARATION COUNSELING AND RELATED BENEFITS TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A CCESS TOBEAUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense for pur-poses of this section, commanders of mili-tary installations in the United States shall permit representatives of veterans service organization reasonable and regular access to such military installations in order to permit such representatives to support and facilitate efforts of the Department of De-fense to provide preseparation counseling and related benefits under chapter 58 of title 10, United States Code, to members of the Armed Forces stationed at such installa-tions. (2) S
COPE OF ACCESS .—Any access to an in-stallation under this subsection shall occur only in a manner fully consistent with the maintenance of security and safety at such installation. (b) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS .— For purposes of this section, veterans service organizations are organizations recognized by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs pursu-ant to section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—In prescribing regula-tions for purposes of this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall avoid the following: (1) The recommendation or endorsement of a particular veterans service organization over another veterans service organization in the support or facilitation of efforts de-scribed in subsection (a). (2) The encouragement, support, or other suggestion that a member of the Armed Forces seek membership in a veterans serv-ice organization. (d) C
OMMENCEMENT OF ACCESS .—Access to installations under this section shall com-mence upon the date specified by the Sec-retary of Defense in the regulations pre-scribed for purposes of this section, which date shall be not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 399. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2803. REVITALIZATION OF JUNGLE OPER-ATIONS TRAINING RANGES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—For the revitalization of jungle operations training ranges under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary may obligate and expend— (1) from appropriations available to the Secretary for operation and maintenance, amounts necessary to carry out an unspec-ified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,600,000, notwith-standing section 2805(c) of title 10, United States Code; or (2) from appropriations available to the Secretary for military construction not oth-erwise authorized by law, amounts necessary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,600,000. (b) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—When a decision is made to carry out an unspecified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.051 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4442 July 27, 2017 
minor military construction project to which subsection (a) is applicable, the Sec-retary shall notify in writing the congres-sional defense committees of that decision, of the justification for the project, and of the estimated cost of the project in accordance with section 2805(b) of title 10, United States Code. (c) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out a project under subsection (a) shall expire at the close of September 30, 2019. 
SA 400. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 35, strike lines 8 through 23 and insert the following: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE ANNUAL INFLATION FAC -
TOR.—In paragraph (2), the term ‘applicable annual inflation factor’ means, for a fiscal year— ‘‘(A) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage increase in the medical care component of the consumer price index for all urban con-sumers (U.S. city average) from September of the previous fiscal year to September of the fiscal year involved, plus 1 percentage point; and ‘‘(B) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage in-crease in the medical care component of the consumer price index for all urban con-sumers (U.S. city average) from September of the previous fiscal year to September of the fiscal year involved, plus 2 percentage points. 
SA 401. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 10, strike lines 21 and all that follows through page 11, line 5, and insert the following: (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (I) in subclause (IV), by striking the semi-colon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (II) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘2018 is 90 percent; and’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 and each subsequent year is 90 percent.’’; and (III) by striking subclause (VI). 
SA 402. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 107 and insert the following: 
SEC. 107. MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902 (42 U.S.C. 1396a)— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A)— (i) in clause (i)(VIII), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), in subclause (XX), by in-serting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subclause: ‘‘(XXIII) beginning January 1, 2020, who are expansion enrollees (as defined in subsection (nn)(1));’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(nn) EXPANSION ENROLLEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this title, the term ‘expansion enrollee’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who is under 65 years of age; ‘‘(B) who is not pregnant; ‘‘(C) who is not entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII, or en-rolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII; ‘‘(D) who is not described in any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i); and ‘‘(E) whose income (as determined under subsection (e)(14)) does not exceed 133 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF RELATED PROVISIONS .— Any reference in subsection (a)(10)(G), (k), or (gg) of this section or in section 1903, 1905(a), 1920(e), or 1937(a)(1)(B) to individuals de-scribed in subclause (VIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i) shall be deemed to include a ref-erence to expansion enrollees.’’; and (2) in section 1905 (42 U.S.C. 1396d)— (A) in subsection (y)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, with respect to’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be equal to’’ and inserting ‘‘and that has elected to cover newly eligible individuals before March 1, 2017, with respect to amounts expended by such State before January 1, 2020, for med-ical assistance for newly eligible individuals described in subclause (VIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i), and, with respect to amounts expended by such State after De-cember 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2030, for medical assistance for expansion enroll-ees (as defined in section 1902(nn)(1)), shall be equal to the higher of the percentage oth-erwise determined for the State and year under subsection (b) (without regard to this subsection) and’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) by striking subparagraph (E) and in-serting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) 90 percent for calendar quarters in 2020; ‘‘(F) 88 percent for calendar quarters in 2021; ‘‘(G) 86 percent for calendar quarters in 2022; ‘‘(H) 84 percent for calendar quarters in 2023; ‘‘(I) 82 percent for calendar quarters in 2024; ‘‘(J) 80 percent for calendar quarters in 2025; ‘‘(K) 78 percent for calendar quarters in 2026; ‘‘(L) 76 percent for calendar quarters in 2027; ‘‘(M) 74 percent for calendar quarters in 2028; and ‘‘(N) 72 percent for calendar quarters in 2029.’’; and (iv) by adding after and below subpara-graph (H) (as added by clause (iii)), the fol-lowing flush sentence: ‘‘The Federal medical assistance percentage determined for a State and year under sub-section (b) shall apply to expenditures for medical assistance to newly eligible individ-uals (as so described) and expansion enroll-ees (as so defined), in the case of a State that has elected to cover newly eligible individ-uals before March 1, 2017, for calendar quar-ters after 2029, and, in the case of any other State, for calendar quarters (or portions of calendar quarters) after February 28, 2017.’’; and (B) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘through 2023’’ after ‘‘each year thereafter’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘shall be equal to’’ and in-serting ‘‘and, for periods after December 31, 2019 and before January 1, 2024, who are ex-pansion enrollees (as defined in section 1902(nn)(1)) shall be equal to the higher of the percentage otherwise determined for the State and year under subsection (b) (without regard to this subsection) and’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (I) in subclause (IV), by striking the semi-colon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (II) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘2018 is 90 percent; and’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 and each subsequent year through 2029 is 90 percent.’’; and (III) by striking subclause (VI). (b) SUNSET OF MEDICAID ESSENTIAL HEALTH  B
ENEFITS REQUIREMENT .—Section 1937(b)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u– 7(b)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after December 31, 2019.’’. 
SA 403. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 112 and insert the following: 
SEC. 112. MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902 (42 U.S.C. 1396a)— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A)— (i) in clause (i)(VIII), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), in subclause (XX), by in-serting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subclause: ‘‘(XXIII) beginning January 1, 2020, who are expansion enrollees (as defined in subsection (nn)(1));’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(nn) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this title, the term ‘expansion enrollee’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who is under 65 years of age; ‘‘(B) who is not pregnant; ‘‘(C) who is not entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII, or en-rolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII; ‘‘(D) who is not described in any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i); and ‘‘(E) whose income (as determined under subsection (e)(14)) does not exceed 133 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF RELATED PROVISIONS .— Any reference in subsection (a)(10)(G), (k), or (gg) of this section or in section 1903, 1905(a), 1920(e), or 1937(a)(1)(B) to individuals de-scribed in subclause (VIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i) shall be deemed to include a ref-erence to expansion enrollees.’’; and (2) in section 1905 (42 U.S.C. 1396d)— (A) in subsection (y)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, with respect to’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be equal to’’ and inserting ‘‘and that has elected to cover newly eligible individuals before March 1, 2017, with respect to amounts expended by such State before January 1, 2020, for med-ical assistance for newly eligible individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.055 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4443 July 27, 2017 
described in subclause (VIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i), and, with respect to amounts expended by such State after De-cember 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2030, for medical assistance for expansion enroll-ees (as defined in section 1902(nn)(1)), shall be equal to the higher of the percentage oth-erwise determined for the State and year under subsection (b) (without regard to this subsection) and’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) by striking subparagraph (E) and in-serting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) 90 percent for calendar quarters in 2020; ‘‘(F) 88 percent for calendar quarters in 2021; ‘‘(G) 86 percent for calendar quarters in 2022; ‘‘(H) 84 percent for calendar quarters in 2023; ‘‘(I) 82 percent for calendar quarters in 2024; ‘‘(J) 80 percent for calendar quarters in 2025; ‘‘(K) 78 percent for calendar quarters in 2026; ‘‘(L) 76 percent for calendar quarters in 2027; ‘‘(M) 74 percent for calendar quarters in 2028; and ‘‘(N) 72 percent for calendar quarters in 2029.’’; and (iv) by adding after and below subpara-graph (H) (as added by clause (iii)), the fol-lowing flush sentence: ‘‘The Federal medical assistance percentage determined for a State and year under sub-section (b) shall apply to expenditures for medical assistance to newly eligible individ-uals (as so described) and expansion enroll-ees (as so defined), in the case of a State that has elected to cover newly eligible individ-uals before March 1, 2017, for calendar quar-ters after 2029, and, in the case of any other State, for calendar quarters (or portions of calendar quarters) after February 28, 2017.’’; and (B) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘through 2023’’ after ‘‘each year thereafter’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘shall be equal to’’ and in-serting ‘‘and, for periods after December 31, 2019 and before January 1, 2024, who are ex-pansion enrollees (as defined in section 1902(nn)(1)) shall be equal to the higher of the percentage otherwise determined for the State and year under subsection (b) (without regard to this subsection) and’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (I) in subclause (IV), by striking the semi-colon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (II) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘2018 is 90 percent; and’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 and each subsequent year through 2029 is 90 percent.’’; and (III) by striking subclause (VI). (b) S
UNSET OF MEDICAID ESSENTIAL HEALTH  B
ENEFITS REQUIREMENT .—Section 1937(b)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u– 7(b)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after December 31, 2019.’’. 
SA 404. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 1070 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORTS ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) B IANNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2018, and every six months thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on ci-vilian casualties caused as a result of United States military operations during the pre-ceding six months. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall set forth the following: (A) A list of all the United States military operations during the six month covered by such report that were confirmed to have re-sulted in civilian casualties. (B) For each military operation listed pur-suant to subparagraph (A), the following: (i) The date. (ii) The location. (iii) The type of operation. (iv) The confirmed number of civilian cas-ualties. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1 each year, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth the following: (1) The information required under sub-section (a)(2) for the preceding year, includ-ing any changes to such information as sub-mitted previously in a report under sub-section (a). (2) Details on trends of civilian casualties caused as a result of United States military operations during the preceding year, as well as changes made or intended to be made to mitigate future civilian casualties as a re-sult of United States military operations. (c) F
ORM.—Each report under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) S
UNSET .—The requirements to submit reports under this section shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 405. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INCREASING COMPETITION IN MUL-TIPLE-AWARD TASK OR DELIVERY ORDER CONTRACTS AND CERTAIN FEDERAL SUPPLY SCHEDULE CON-TRACTS. 
Section 3306(c) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘ex-cept as provided in paragraph (3),’’ before ‘‘include cost or price’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘ex-cept as provided in paragraph (3),’’ before ‘‘disclose to offerors’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) I
NCREASING COMPETITION FOR CERTAIN  
MULTIPLE -AWARD CONTRACTS AND CERTAIN  
FEDERAL SUPPLY SCHEDULE CONTRACTS FOR  
SERVICES ACQUIRED ON AN HOURLY RATE .—If the head of an executive agency issues a so-licitation for two or more contracts for serv-ices to be acquired on an hourly rate basis under the authority of sections 4103 and 4106 of this title (multiple award task or delivery order contracts) or section 152(3) of this title and section 501(b) of title 40 (Federal Supply Schedule contracts), then— ‘‘(A) when the contract or contracts fea-ture individually competed task or delivery orders based on or built up from hourly rates, the contracting officer need not con-sider cost or price as an evaluation factor for contract award; ‘‘(B) the disclosure requirement of subpara-graph (C) of paragraph (1) shall not apply; and ‘‘(C) cost or price to the Federal Govern-ment shall be considered in conjunction with the issuance of any task pursuant to section 4106(c) of this title.’’. SA 406. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON APPOINTMENT OF GRADUATE AND UNDER-GRADUATE STUDENTS IN POSITIONS IN THE DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCES OF THE MILITARY DE-PARTMENTS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the service acquisition executives of the military de-partments, carry out a pilot program to as-sess the feasibility and advisability of ap-pointing graduate and undergraduate stu-dents described in subsection (b) to positions in the defense acquisition workforce of the military departments in accordance with the provisions of this section. (b) G
RADUATE AND UNDERGRADUATE STU-
DENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The graduate and under-graduate students described in this sub-section are individuals who— (A) are citizens of the United States; (B) are currently enrolled in a qualifying educational institution on a full-time basis in a course of academic study leading to a graduate degree or baccalaureate degree in a field that is related to acquisition; and (C) are in good academic standing at the qualifying educational institution con-cerned. (2) Q
UALIFYING EDUCATIONAL INSTITU -
TIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, a qualifying educational institution is any educational institution awarding graduate or baccalaureate degrees that is accredited by an appropriate accrediting body recognized by the Secretary of Education. (c) L
IMITATION .—The number of positions in the defense acquisition workforce of a military department that are filled under the pilot program in any fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to one percent of the total number of positions in the defense acquisition workforce of the military depart-ment that are filled as of the end of the pre-ceding fiscal year. (d) A
GREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each graduate or under-graduate student selected for participation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.055 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4444 July 27, 2017 
in the pilot program shall enter into an agreement with the Under Secretary regard-ing participation in the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—A graduate or under-graduate student shall agree in the agree-ment under this subsection as follows: (A) To accept a term appointment with the Department of Defense as described in sub-section (e). (B) To obtain and maintain a security clearance at the secret level or higher during participation in the pilot program. (C) To successfully complete the course of academic study of the student as described in subsection (b)(1)(B). (3) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Each graduate or under-graduate student participating in the pilot program may be known as an ‘‘Acquisition Collegiate Program Intern’’ or ‘‘ACPI’’. (e) A
PPOINTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each graduate or under-graduate student participating in the pilot program shall be appointed to a renewable term appointment in a position in the de-fense acquisition workforce of a military de-partment performing such acquisition or ac-quisition-related duties, and for such term, as the performance plan of the student under subsection (h) shall specify. (2) S
COPE OF APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—Ap- pointments under the pilot program may be made without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. (f) C
OMPENSATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The rates of compensation for graduate and undergraduate students in a position under the pilot program pursuant to an initial appointment under the pilot pro-gram shall be established in accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary for pur-poses of the pilot program. (2) F
UNDS .—Funds for the compensation of graduate and undergraduate students ap-pointed to positions under the pilot program may be derived from amounts in the Depart-ment of Defense Acquisition Workforce De-velopment Fund. (g) W
ORK SCHEDULES .—The work schedule of a graduate or undergraduate student par-ticipating in the pilot program shall include a formal schedule of work and study de-signed to ensure that periods of work do not interfere with the taking of courses. (h) P
ERFORMANCE EVALUATION .—Each grad-uate or undergraduate student participating in the pilot program shall be evaluated for performance in the position to which ap-pointed under the pilot program using a per-formance plan issued to the student upon ap-pointment under the pilot program. (i) P
ROMOTION .—A graduate or under-graduate student participating in the pilot program who performs successfully in a posi-tion under the pilot program, and who other-wise successfully meets all other require-ments applicable to the student under the pilot program, may be promoted. (j) T
ERMINATION .—A graduate or under-graduate student participating in the pilot program may be terminated from the pilot program, and a position under the pilot pro-gram, for misconduct, poor performance in position, or lack of suitability for continu-ation in a position in the defense acquisition workforce of a military department or any other department, agency, organization, or element of the Department of Defense. (k) C
ONVERSION TO COMPETITIVE SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The term appointment in a position under the pilot program of a grad-uate or undergraduate student participating in the pilot program may be converted on a noncompetitive basis to a renewable term appointment in a competitive service posi-tion upon the student’s successful comple-tion of participation in the pilot program if the student meets such conditions as the Secretary shall establish at the commence-ment of the term appointment. (2) SCOPE OF CONVERSION .—A conversion under paragraph (1) may be made to an ap-propriate position in any department, agen-cy, organization, or other element of the De-partment. (3) N
O RIGHT OF EMPLOYMENT .—Participa-tion in the pilot program confers no right on a student for further employment by the De-partment of Defense in the competitive or excepted service. (4) A
CCRUAL OF CAREER TENURE .—The ten- ure of a student in a position under the pilot program shall count the toward the career tenure of the student in Department after a conversation of the student’s position under paragraph (1), whether with or without an in-tervening term appointment in the competi-tive service. (l) T
ERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to appoint graduate or undergraduate students to posi-tions under the pilot program shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPOINTMENTS .— The termination by paragraph (1) of the au-thority referred to in that paragraph shall not affect any appointment made under that authority before the termination date speci-fied in that paragraph in accordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SA 407. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF AVAILABILITY FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF SEXUAL TRAUMA COUN-SELING AND TREATMENT FOR MEM-BERS OF THE RESERVE COMPO-NENTS. 
Section 1720D(a)(2)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on active duty’’; and (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘that was suffered by the member while serving on active duty, active duty for training, or inactive duty training’’. 
SA 408. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike sections 123 through 139. 
SA 409. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. M URPHY ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3298, to authorize the Capitol Po-lice Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sus-tained serious line-of-duty injuries, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wounded Of-ficers Recovery Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PAYMENTS FROM UNITED STATES CAP-ITOL POLICE MEMORIAL FUND FOR EMPLOYEES KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY OR SUSTAINING SERIOUS LINE-OF-DUTY INJURIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZING PAYMENTS FROM FUND.— Section 2 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1952) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘AND CERTAIN OTHER UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE EMPLOYEES’’ before the period at the end; (2) by striking ‘‘Subject to the regula-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Ex- cept to the extent used or reserved for use under subsection (b) and subject to the regu-lations’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
AYMENTS FOR EMPLOYEES KILLED IN  
THE LINE OF DUTY OR SUSTAINING SERIOUS  L
INE-OF-DUTY INJURIES .—In addition to the amounts paid under subsection (a), and in ac-cordance with the regulations issued under section 4(b), amounts in the Fund may be paid to— ‘‘(1) families of employees of the United States Capitol Police who were killed in the line of duty; or ‘‘(2) employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of- duty injuries.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS OF CAPITOL POLICE  B
OARD .—Section 4 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1954) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Capitol Police Board’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Capitol Police Board’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS GOVERNING PAYMENTS  
FOREMPLOYEES KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY 
ORSUSTAINING SERIOUS LINE-OF-DUTY INJU-
RIES.—In carrying out subsection (a), the Capitol Police Board shall issue specific reg-ulations governing the use of the Fund for making payments to families of employees of the United States Capitol Police who were killed in the line of duty and employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries (as au-thorized under section 2(b)), including regu-lations— ‘‘(1) establishing the conditions under which the family of an employee or an em-ployee is eligible to receive such a payment; ‘‘(2) providing for the amount, timing, and manner of such payments; and ‘‘(3) ensuring that any such payment is in addition to, and does not otherwise affect, any other form of compensation payable to the family of an employee or the employee, including benefits for workers’ compensation under chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED IN  R
ESPONSE TO INCIDENT OF JUNE14, 2017.—The second sentence of section 1 of Public Law 105–223 (2 U.S.C. 1951) is amended by striking ‘‘deposit into the Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘de-posit into the Fund, including amounts re-ceived in response to the shooting incident at the practice for the Congressional Base-ball Game for Charity on June 14, 2017,’’. 
SA 410. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.069 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4445 July 27, 2017 
to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title XXXV and insert the fol-lowing: TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Trans-portation for fiscal year 2018, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for programs associ-ated with maintaining the United States merchant marine, the following amounts: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy, $100,802,000, of which— (A) $75,751,000 shall be for Academy oper-ations, including— (i) the implementation of section 3514(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, as added by section 3508; and (ii) staffing, training, and other actions necessary to prevent and respond to sexual harassment and sexual assault; and (B) $25,051,000 shall remain available until expended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $29,550,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for the Student Incentive Program; (B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until expended for direct payments to such acad-emies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance; and (E) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for expenses to improve the moni-toring of the service obligations of grad-uates. (3) For expenses necessary to support the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Pro-gram, $36,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and pro-grams, $58,694,000. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $20,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (6) For expenses necessary for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $33,000,000, of which— (A) $30,000,000 may be used for the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program; and (B) $3,000,000 may be used for administra-tive expenses relating to loan guarantee commitments under the program. (b) A
SSISTANCE FOR SMALL SHIPYARDS AND  M
ARITIME COMMUNITIES .—Section 54101(i) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2020’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$25,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$27,500,000’’. 
SEC. 3502. REMOVAL ADJUNCT PROFESSOR LIMIT AT UNITED STATES MERCHANT MA-RINE ACADEMY. 
Section 51317 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) by striking subsections (c) and (d). SEC. 3503. ACCEPTANCE OF GUARANTEES IN CONJUNCTION WITH PARTIAL DONA-TIONS FOR MAJOR PROJECTS OF THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MA-RINE ACADEMY. 
(a) G UARANTEES .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51320. Acceptance of guarantees with gifts for major projects ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) M
AJOR PROJECT .—The term ‘major project’ means a project estimated to cost at least $1,000,000 for— ‘‘(A) the purchase or other procurement of real or personal property; or ‘‘(B) the construction, renovation, or re-pair of real or personal property. ‘‘(2) M
AJOR UNITED STATES COMMERCIAL  
BANK .—The term ‘major United States com-mercial bank’ means a commercial bank that— ‘‘(A) is an insured bank (as defined in sec-tion 3(h) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(h))); ‘‘(B) is headquartered in the United States; and ‘‘(C) has total net assets of an amount con-sidered by the Maritime Administrator to qualify the bank as a major bank. ‘‘(3) M
AJOR UNITED STATES INVESTMENT  
MANAGEMENT FIRM .—The term ‘major United States investment management firm’ means— ‘‘(A) any broker or dealer (as such terms are defined in section 3 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)); ‘‘(B) any investment adviser or provider of investment supervisory services (as such terms are defined in section 202 of the Invest-ment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b-2)); or ‘‘(C) a major United States commercial bank that— ‘‘(i) is headquartered in the United States; and ‘‘(ii) holds for the account of others invest-ment assets in a total amount considered by the Maritime Administrator to qualify the bank as a major investment management firm. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED GUARANTEE .—The term ‘qualified guarantee’, with respect to a major project, means a guarantee that— ‘‘(A) is made by 1 or more persons in con-nection with a donation for the project of a total amount in cash or securities that the Maritime Administrator determines is suffi-cient to defray a substantial portion of the total cost of the project; ‘‘(B) is made to facilitate or expedite the completion of the project in reasonable an-ticipation that other donors will contribute sufficient funds or other resources in amounts sufficient to pay for completion of the project; ‘‘(C) is set forth as a written agreement providing that the donor will furnish in cash or securities, in addition to the donor’s other gift or gifts for the project, any additional amount that may become necessary for pay-ing the cost of completing the project by rea-son of a failure to obtain from other donors or sources funds or other resources in amounts sufficient to pay the cost of com-pleting the project; and ‘‘(D) is accompanied by— ‘‘(i) an irrevocable and unconditional standby letter of credit for the benefit of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that is in the amount of the guarantee and is issued by a major United States commercial bank; or ‘‘(ii) a qualified account control agree-ment. ‘‘(5) QUALIFIED ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘qualified account control agreement’, with respect to a guarantee of a donor, means an agreement among the donor, the Maritime Administrator, and a major United States investment manage-ment firm that— ‘‘(A) ensures the availability of sufficient funds or other financial resources to pay the amount guaranteed during the period of the guarantee; ‘‘(B) provides for the perfection of a secu-rity interest in the assets of the account for the United States for the benefit of the United States Merchant Marine Academy with the highest priority available for liens and security interests under applicable law; ‘‘(C) requires the donor to maintain in an account with the investment management firm assets having a total value that is not less than 130 percent of the amount guaran-teed; and ‘‘(D) requires the investment management firm, whenever the value of the account is less than the value required to be main-tained under subparagraph (C), to liquidate any noncash assets in the account and rein-vest the proceeds in Treasury bills issued under section 3104 of title 31. ‘‘(b) A
CCEPTANCE AUTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (d), the Maritime Administrator may accept a qualified guarantee from a donor or donors for the completion of a major project for the benefit of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. ‘‘(c) O
BLIGATION AUTHORITY .—The amount of a qualified guarantee accepted under this section shall be considered as contract au-thority to provide obligation authority for purposes of Federal fiscal and contractual requirements. Funds available for a project for which such a guarantee has been accept-ed may be obligated and expended for the project without regard to whether the total amount of funds and other resources avail-able for the project (not taking into account the amount of the guarantee) is sufficient to pay for completion of the project. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE .—The Maritime Administrator may not accept a qualified guarantee under this section for the completion of a major project until 30 days after the date on which a report of the facts concerning the proposed guarantee is submitted to Congress. ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON COMMINGLING FUNDS .— The Maritime Administrator may not enter into any contract or other transaction in-volving the use of a qualified guarantee and appropriated funds in the same contract or transaction.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51320. Acceptance of guarantees with gifts for major projects.’’. 
SEC. 3504. AUTHORITY TO PAY CONVEYANCE OR TRANSFER EXPENSES IN CONNEC-TION WITH ACCEPTANCE OF A GIFT TO THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
Section 51315 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
AYMENT OF EXPENSES .—The Maritime Administrator may pay all necessary ex-penses in connection with the conveyance or transfer of a gift, devise, or bequest accepted under this section.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.101 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4446 July 27, 2017 
SEC. 3505. AUTHORITY TO PARTICIPATE IN FED-ERAL, STATE OR OTHER RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) R ESEARCH GRANTS .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by sec-tions 3503 through 3505, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51321. Grants for scientific and educational research ‘‘(a) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘qualifying research grant’ is a grant that— ‘‘(1) is awarded on a competitive basis by the Federal Government (except for the De-partment of Transportation), a State, a cor-poration, a fund, a foundation, an edu-cational institution, or a similar entity that is organized and operated primarily for sci-entific or educational purposes; and ‘‘(2) is to be used to carry out a research project with a scientific or educational pur-pose. ‘‘(b) A
CCEPTANCE OF QUALIFYING RESEARCH  G
RANTS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy may compete for and accept qualifying research grants if the work under the grant is to be carried out by a professor or instructor of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF GRANT FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNT .—The Maritime Administrator shall establish a separate account for administering funds re-ceived from research grants under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—The Super-intendent shall use grant funds deposited into the account established pursuant to paragraph (1) in accordance with applicable regulations and the terms and conditions of the respective grants. ‘‘(d) R
ELATED EXPENSES .—Subject to such limitations as may be provided in appropria-tions Acts, appropriations available for the United States Merchant Marine Academy may be used to pay expenses incurred by the Academy in applying for, and otherwise pur-suing, a qualifying research grant.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by section 3504(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51321. Grants for scientific and educational research.’’. 
SEC. 3506. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL SHIPYARDS AND MARITIME COMMUNITIES. 
Section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
WARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In providing assistance under the program, the Administrator shall take into account— ‘‘(A) the economic circumstances and con-ditions of maritime communities; ‘‘(B) projects that would be effective in fos-tering efficiency, competitive operations, and quality ship construction, repair, and re-configuration; and ‘‘(C) projects that would be effective in fos-tering employee skills and enhancing pro-ductivity. ‘‘(2) T
IMING OF AWARD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall award grants under this section not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the appropriations Act for the fiscal year concerned. ‘‘(B) R
EALLOCATION OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a grant is awarded under this section and, for any reason, the grant funds, or any portion thereof, are not used by the grantee— ‘‘(i) such funds shall remain available until expended; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator may use such un-used funds to award, in any fiscal year, an-other grant under this section to an appli-cant who submitted an application under the initial or any subsequent notice of avail-ability of funds.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) BUY AMERICA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Transportation shall not obligate any funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out this chapter unless the steel, iron, and man-ufactured products used in such project are produced in the United States. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply if the Sec-retary finds that— ‘‘(i) their application would be inconsistent with the public interest; ‘‘(ii) such materials and products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or ‘‘(iii) inclusion of domestic material will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent.’’. 
SEC. 3507. DOMESTIC MARITIME CENTERS OF EX-CELLENCE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary of Transportation is authorized to designate community and technical colleges with a maritime training program and mari-time training centers operated by or under the supervision of a State, if located in the United States along the Gulf of Mexico, At-lantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, Arctic Ocean, Bering Sea, Gulf of Alaska, or Great Lakes, as centers of excellence for domestic mari-time workforce training and education. (b) A
SSISTANCE .— (1) T
YPES .—The Secretary may provide to an entity designated as a center of excel-lence under subsection (a)— (A) technical assistance; and (B) surplus Federal equipment and assets. (2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance under para-graph (1) to assist an entity designated as a center of excellence under subsection (a) to expand the capacity of the entity to train the domestic maritime workforce of the United States, including by— (A) admitting additional students; (B) recruiting and training faculty; (C) expanding facilities; (D) creating new maritime career path-ways; and (E) awarding students credit for prior expe-rience, including military service. 
SEC. 3508. ACCESS TO SATELLITE COMMUNICA-TION DEVICES DURING SEA YEAR PROGRAM. 
Section 3514 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) V
ESSEL OPERATOR REQUIREMENTS .— Not later than’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) S
ATELLITE PHONE ACCESS .—The Mari-time Administrator shall ensure that each student participating in the Sea Year pro-gram is provided or has access to a func-tional satellite communication device. A student may not be denied from using such device whenever the student determines that such use is necessary to prevent or report sexual harassment or assault.’’. 
SEC. 3509. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT, DATING VIOLENCE, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE, SEXUAL AS-SAULT, AND STALKING AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) R EQUIRED POLICY .—Subsection (a) of section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘harass-ment and sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘har-assment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘harassment and sexual as-sault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating vi-olence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘do-mestic violence, dating violence, stalking,’’ after ‘‘acquaintance rape,’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘harassment or sexual assault,’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating violence, do-mestic violence, sexual assault, or stalk-ing,’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘harassment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; and (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘criminal sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘a criminal sexual offense’’; (D) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘har-assment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; (E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘harassment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘sexual as-sault’’ and inserting ‘‘sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; and (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘harass-ment and sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘har-assment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; and (F) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘har-assment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) MINIMUM TRAINING REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS REGARDING SEXUAL HAR -
ASSMENT , DATING VIOLENCE , DOMESTIC VIO -
LENCE , SEXUAL ASSAULT , AND STALKING .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Maritime Admin-istrator shall direct the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy to develop a mandatory training pro-gram at the United States Merchant Marine Academy for each individual who is involved in implementing the Academy’s student dis-ciplinary grievance procedures, including each individual who is responsible for— ‘‘(i) resolving complaints of reported sex-ual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking; ‘‘(ii) resolving complaints of reported vio-lations of the sexual misconduct policy of the Academy; or ‘‘(iii) conducting an interview with a vic-tim of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalk-ing. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Superintendent shall develop the training program described in subparagraph (A) in consultation with na-tional, State, or local sexual assault, dating violence, domestic violence, or stalking vic-tim advocacy, victim services, or prevention organizations. ‘‘(C) E
LEMENTS .—The training required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.101 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4447 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(i) Information on working with and interviewing persons subjected to sexual har-assment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(ii) Information on particular types of conduct that would constitute sexual harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, regardless of gen-der, including same-sex sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(iii) Information on consent and the ef-fect that drugs or alcohol may have on an in-dividual’s ability to consent. ‘‘(iv) Information on the effects of trauma, including the neurobiology of trauma. ‘‘(v) Training regarding the use of trauma- informed interview techniques, which means asking questions of an individual who has been a victim of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking in a manner that is focused on the experience of the victim, does not judge or blame the victim, and is informed by evi-dence-based research on the neurobiology of trauma. ‘‘(vi) Training on cultural awareness re-garding how dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking may im-pact midshipmen differently depending on their cultural background. ‘‘(vii) Information on sexual assault dy-namics, sexual assault perpetrator behavior, and barriers to reporting. ‘‘(D) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) D
EVELOPMENT AND APPROVAL SCHED -
ULE.—The training program required by sub-paragraph (A) shall be developed not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. ‘‘(ii) C
OMPLETION OF TRAINING .—Each indi-vidual who is required to complete the train-ing described in subparagraph (A) shall com-plete such training not later than— ‘‘(I) 270 days after enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018; or ‘‘(II) 180 days after starting a position with responsibilities that include the activities described clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subpara-graph (A).’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (5), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(6) C
ONSISTENCY WITH THE HIGHER EDU -
CATION ACT OF 1965 .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the policy developed under this subsection meets the requirements set out in paragraph (8) of section 485(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(f)(8)).’’. (b) M
INIMUM PROCEDURES FOR HANDLING  R
EPORTS OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT , DATING VI-
OLENCE , D OMESTIC VIOLENCE , SEXUAL AS-
SAULT , ORSTALKING .—Subsection (b) of sec-tion 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall ensure that the development program of the Academy includes a section that— ‘‘(A) describes the relationship between honor, respect, and character development and the prevention of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking at the Academy; ‘‘(B) includes a brief history of the problem of sexual harassment, dating violence, do-mestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking in the merchant marine, in the Armed Forces, and at the Academy; and ‘‘(C) includes information relating to re-porting sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalk-ing, victims’ rights, and dismissal for offend-ers. ‘‘(2) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS TO COMBAT RE -
TALIATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Maritime Adminis-trator shall direct the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy to implement and maintain a plan to combat retaliation against midshipmen at the United States Merchant Marine Academy who report sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(B) V
IOLATION OF CODE OF CONDUCT .—The Superintendent shall consider an act of re-taliation against a midshipman at the Acad-emy who reports sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking as a Class I violation of the Acad-emy’s Midshipman Regulations or equivalent code of conduct. ‘‘(C) R
ETALIATION DEFINITION .—The Super-intendent shall work with the sexual assault prevention and response staff of the Acad-emy to define ‘retaliation’ for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM RESOURCE REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall ensure the staff at the United States Merchant Marine Academy are pro-vided adequate and appropriate sexual har-assment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking prevention and response training materials and resources. Such resources shall include staff as follows: ‘‘(i) Sexual assault response coordinator. ‘‘(ii) Prevention educator. ‘‘(iii) Civil rights officer. ‘‘(iv) Staff member to oversee Sea Year. ‘‘(B) C
OMMUNICATION .—The Director of the Office of Civil Rights of the Maritime Ad-ministration shall create and maintain a di-rect line of communication to the sexual as-sault response staff of the Academy that is outside of the chain of command of the Acad-emy. ‘‘(4) M
INIMUM TRAINING REQUIREMENTS .— The Superintendent shall ensure that all ca-dets receive training on the sexual harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking prevention and response sections of the development pro-gram of the Academy, as described in para-graph (1), as follows: ‘‘(A) An initial training session, which shall occur not later than 7 days after a ca-det’s initial arrival at the Academy. ‘‘(B) Additional training sessions, which shall occur biannually following the cadet’s initial training session until the cadet grad-uates or leaves the Academy.’’. (c) A
GGREGATE REPORTING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) D
ATA FOR AGGREGATE REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No requirement related to confidentiality in this section or section 51319 may be construed to prevent a sexual assault response coordinator from providing information for any report required by law regarding sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(2) I
DENTITY PROTECTION .—Any informa-tion provided for a report referred to in para-graph (1) shall be provided in a manner that protects the identity of the victim or wit-ness.’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), as amended by subsection (c), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section and sec-tion 51319: ‘‘(1) D
ATING VIOLENCE ; DOMESTIC VIOLENCE ; 
STALKING .—The terms ‘dating violence’, ‘do-mestic violence’, and ‘stalking’ have the meanings given those terms is section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925(a)). ‘‘(2) S
EXUAL ASSAULT .—The term ‘sexual assault’ means an offense classified as a forc-ible or nonforcible sex offense under the uni-form crime reporting system of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) H
EADING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amended by striking the sec-tion heading and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 51318. Policy on sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subtitle A of title XXXV of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2774), is amended by striking the item relating to section 51318 and inserting the following: ‘‘51318. Policy on sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking.’’. 
SEC. 3510. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE STAFF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 51319 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3511 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2785), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) S
EXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDINA -
TORS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR COORDINATORS .—The United States Merchant Marine Academy shall employ or contract with at least 1 full- time sexual assault response coordinator who shall reside at or near the Academy. The Secretary of Transportation may assign ad-ditional full-time or part-time sexual assault response coordinators at the Academy as necessary. ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—Each sexual as-sault response coordinator shall be selected based on— ‘‘(A) experience and a demonstrated ability to effectively provide victim services related to sexual harassment, dating violence, do-mestic violence, sexual assault, and stalk-ing; and ‘‘(B) protection of the individual under ap-plicable law to provide privileged commu-nication. ‘‘(3) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—A sexual assault re-sponse coordinator shall, to the extent au-thorized under applicable law, provide con-fidential services to a midshipman who re-ports being a victim of, or witness to, sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(4) T
RAINING .— ‘‘(A) V
ERIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Maritime Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Mari-time Administration Office of Civil Rights, shall develop a process to verify that each sexual assault response coordinator has com-pleted proper training. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.101 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4448 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(B) T RAINING REQUIREMENTS .—The train-ing referred to in subparagraph (A) shall in-clude training in— ‘‘(i) working with victims of sexual harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking; ‘‘(ii) the policies, procedures, and resources of the Academy related to responding to sex-ual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking; and ‘‘(iii) national, State, and local victim services and resources available to victims of sexual harassment, dating violence, domes-tic violence, sexual assault, and stalking. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLETION OF TRAINING .—A sexual assault response coordinator shall complete the training referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B) not later than— ‘‘(i) 270 days after enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018; or ‘‘(ii) 180 days after starting in the role of sexual assault response coordinator. ‘‘(5) D
UTIES .—A sexual assault response co-ordinator shall— ‘‘(A) confidentially receive a report from a victim of sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking; ‘‘(B) inform the victim of— ‘‘(i) the victim’s rights under applicable law; ‘‘(ii) options for reporting an incident of sexual harassment, dating violence, domes-tic violence, sexual assault, or stalking to the Academy and law enforcement; ‘‘(iii) how to access available services, in-cluding emergency medical care, medical fo-rensic or evidentiary examinations, legal services, services provided by rape crisis cen-ters and other victim service providers, serv-ices provided by the volunteer sexual assault victim advocates at the Academy, and crisis intervention counseling and ongoing coun-seling; ‘‘(iv) such coordinator’s ability to assist in arranging access to such services, with the consent of the victim; ‘‘(v) available accommodations, such as al-lowing the victim to change living arrange-ments and obtain accessibility services; ‘‘(vi) such coordinator’s ability to assist in arranging such accommodations, with the consent of the victim; ‘‘(vii) the victim’s rights and the Acad-emy’s responsibilities regarding orders of protection, no contact orders, restraining or-ders, or similar lawful orders issued by the Academy or a criminal, civil, or tribal court; and ‘‘(viii) privacy limitations under applicable law; ‘‘(C) represent the interests of any mid-shipmen who reports being a victim of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking, even if such interests are in conflict with the inter-ests of the Academy; ‘‘(D) advise the victim of, and provide writ-ten materials regarding, the information de-scribed in subparagraph (B); ‘‘(E) liaise with appropriate staff at the Academy, with the victim’s consent, to ar-range reasonable accommodations through the Academy to allow the victim to change living arrangements, obtain accessibility services, or access other accommodations; ‘‘(F) maintain the privacy and confiden-tiality of the victim, and shall not notify the Academy or any other authority of the iden-tity of the victim or the alleged cir-cumstances surrounding the reported inci-dent unless— ‘‘(i) otherwise required by applicable law; ‘‘(ii) requested to do so by the victim who has been fully and accurately informed about what procedures shall occur if the informa-tion is shared; or ‘‘(iii) notwithstanding clause (i) or clause (ii), there is risk of imminent harm to other individuals; ‘‘(G) assist the victim in contacting and re-porting an incident of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking to the Academy or law enforcement, if requested to do so by the vic-tim who has been fully and accurately in-formed about what procedures shall occur if information is shared; and ‘‘(H) submit to the Director of the Mari-time Administration Office of Civil Rights an annual report summarizing how the re-sources supplied to the coordinator were used during the prior year, including the number of victims assisted by the coordi-nator. ‘‘(b) OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) R
EPORTING .—Each sexual assault re-sponse coordinator shall— ‘‘(i) report directly to the Superintendent; and ‘‘(ii) have concurrent reporting responsi-bility to the Executive Director of the Mari-time Administration on matters related to the Maritime Administration and the De-partment of Transportation and upon belief that the Academy leadership is acting inap-propriately regarding sexual assault preven-tion and response matters. ‘‘(B) S
UPPORT .—The Maritime Administra-tion Office of Civil Rights shall provide sup-port to the sexual assault response coordi-nator at the Academy on all sexual harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking prevention mat-ters. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON INVESTIGATION BY THE  
ACADEMY .—Any request by a victim for an accommodation, as described in subsection (a)(5)(F), made by a sexual assault response coordinator shall not trigger an investiga-tion by the Academy, even if such coordi-nator deals only with matters relating to sexual harassment, dating violence, domes-tic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON RETALIATION .—A sexual assault response coordinator, victim advo-cate, or companion may not be disciplined, penalized, or otherwise retaliated against by the Academy for representing the interests of the victim, even if such interests are in conflict with the interests of the Academy.’’. (b) A
CCESS OF ACADEMY MIDSHIPMEN TO DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SAFE H ELPLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation, acting through the Super-intendent of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy, and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly provide for the access to and use of the Department of Defense SAFE Helpline by midshipmen at the Merchant Marine Academy. (2) T
RAINING .—The training provided to personnel of the Department of Defense SAFE Helpline shall include training on the resources available to midshipmen at the Merchant Marine Academy in connection with sexual assault, sexual harassment, do-mestic violence, dating violence, and stalk-ing. (c) R
EPEAL OF DUPLICATE REQUIREMENT .— Subsection (c) of section 51319 of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by sub-section (a)(1)— (1) by striking paragraph (5); (2) redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (5); and (3) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘(3), (4), and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3) and (4)’’. 
SEC. 3511. PROTECTION OF STUDENTS FROM SEX-UAL ASSAULT ONBOARD VESSELS . 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subtitle A of title XXXV of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 51320. Protection of students from sexual assault onboard vessels ‘‘(a) PROVISION OF INDIVIDUAL SATELLITE  C
OMMUNICATION DEVICES DURING SEAYEAR.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall ensure that each midshipman at the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy is provided a functional satellite com-munication device during the midshipman’s Sea Year. ‘‘(2) C
HECK -IN.—Not less often than once each week, each such midshipman shall check-in with designated personnel at the Academy via the midshipman’s personal sat-ellite communication device. A text message sent via the midshipman’s personal satellite device shall meet the requirement for a weekly check-in for purposes of this para-graph. ‘‘(b) R
IDING GANGS .—The Maritime Admin-istrator shall— ‘‘(1) require the owner or operator of any commercial vessel carrying a midshipman of the Academy to certify their compliance with the International Convention for Safety of Life at Sea, 1974, with annex, done at Lon-don November 1, 1974 (32 UST 47) and section 8106; and ‘‘(2) ensure the Academy informs mid-shipmen preparing for Sea Year of the obli-gations that vessel owners and operators have to provide for the security of individ-uals aboard a vessel under United States law, including chapter 81 and section 70103(c). ‘‘(c) C
HECKS OF COMMERCIAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not less frequently than biennially, the staff of the United States Merchant Marine Academy or the Maritime Administration shall conduct both random and targeted unannounced checks of not less than 10 percent of the commercial vessels that host a midshipman from the Academy. ‘‘(2) R
EMOVAL OF STUDENTS .—If such staff determine that such a commercial vessel is in violation of the sexual assault policy de-veloped by the Academy through such a check, such staff are authorized to remove any midshipman of the Academy from the vessel and report any such violation to the company that owns the vessel. ‘‘(d) M
AINTENANCE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT  T
RAINING RECORDS .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall require each company or sea-farer union for a commercial vessel to main-tain records of sexual assault training for the crew and passengers of any vessel hosting a midshipman from the Academy. ‘‘(e) S
EAYEARSURVEY .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Maritime Admin-istrator shall require each midshipman from the Academy upon completion of the mid-shipman’s Sea Year to complete a survey re-garding the environment and conditions dur-ing the Sea Year. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The Maritime Admin-istrator shall make available to the public for each year— ‘‘(A) the questions used in the survey re-quired by paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the aggregated data received from such surveys.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subtitle A of title XXXV of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51320. Protection of students from sexual assault onboard vessels.’’. 
SEC. 3512. TRAINING REQUIREMENT FOR SEXUAL ASSAULT INVESTIGATORS. 
Each employee of the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Transportation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.101 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4449 July 27, 2017 
who conducts investigations and who is as-signed to the Regional Investigations Office in New York, New York— (1) to participate in specialized training in conducting sexual assault investigations; and (2) to attend at least 1 Federal Law En-forcement Training Center (FLETC) sexual assault investigation course, or equivalent sexual assault investigation training course, as determined by the Inspector General, each year. 
SA 411. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DETENTION OF PERSONS BY THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON DETENTION .—Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) No person shall be imprisoned or oth-erwise detained by the United States except consistent with the Constitution.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a person apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to an authoriza-tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018. ‘‘(3) This section shall not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of any person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORITY OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES OF THE UNITED STATES TO DETAIN  C
OVERED PERSONS PURSUANT TO THE AUTHOR -
IZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE .—Sec- tion 1021 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
SA 412. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE AND AU-THORIZATION FOR USE OF MILI-TARY FORCE AGAINST IRAQ RESO-LUTION OF 2002. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that neither the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) or the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) authorize the use of military force against the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS). (b) REPEAL .—Effective as of the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the following are repealed: (1) The Authorization for Use of Military Force. (2) The Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002. 
SA 413. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) T AXTREATMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS  H
EALTH PLANS .—A small business health plan (as defined in section 801(a) of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) shall be treated— (1) as a group health plan (as defined in section 2791 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–91)) for purposes of applying title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.) and title XXII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 300bb-1); (2) as a group health plan (as defined in section 5000(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) for purposes of applying sec-tions 4980B and 5000 and chapter 100 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and (3) as a group health plan (as defined in section 733(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1191b(a)(1))) for purposes of applying parts 6 and 7 of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq.). (b) R
ULES .—Subtitle B of title I of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART 8—RULES GOVERNING SMALL BUSINESS RISK SHARING POOLS 
‘‘SEC. 801. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘small business health plan’ means a fully insured group health plan, of-fered by a health insurance issuer in the large group market, whose sponsor is de-scribed in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) S
PONSOR .—The sponsor of a group health plan is described in this subsection if such sponsor— ‘‘(1) is a qualified sponsor and receives cer-tification by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) is organized and maintained in good faith, with a constitution or bylaws specifi-cally stating its purpose and providing for periodic meetings on at least an annual basis; ‘‘(3) is established as a permanent entity; ‘‘(4) is established for a purpose other than providing health benefits to its members, such as an organization established as a bona fide trade association, franchise, or section 7705 organization; and ‘‘(5) does not condition membership on the basis of a minimum group size. 
‘‘SEC. 802. FILING FEE AND CERTIFICATION OF SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FEE.—A small business health plan shall pay to the Secretary at the time of filing an application for certification under subsection (b) a filing fee in the amount of $5,000, which shall be available to the Secretary for the sole purpose of admin-istering the certification procedures applica-ble with respect to small business health plans. ‘‘(b) CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule a procedure under which the Secretary— ‘‘(A) will certify a qualified sponsor of a small business health plan, upon receipt of an application that includes the information described in paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) may provide for continued certifi-cation of small business health plans under this part; ‘‘(C) shall provide for the revocation of a certification if the applicable authority finds that the small business health plan involved fails to comply with the requirements of this part; ‘‘(D) shall conduct oversight of certified plan sponsors, including periodic review, and consistent with section 504, applying the re-quirements of sections 518, 519, and 520; and ‘‘(E) will consult with a State with respect to a small business health plan domiciled in such State regarding the Secretary’s author-ity under this part and other enforcement authority under sections 502 and 504. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN APPLI -
CATION FOR CERTIFICATION .—An application for certification under this part meets the requirements of this section only if it in-cludes, in a manner and form which shall be prescribed by the applicable authority by regulation, at least the following informa-tion: ‘‘(A) Identifying information. ‘‘(B) States in which the plan intends to do business. ‘‘(C) Bonding requirements. ‘‘(D) Plan documents. ‘‘(E) Agreements with service providers. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule require-ments for certified plan sponsors that in-clude requirements regarding— ‘‘(A) structure and requirements for boards of trustees or plan administrators; ‘‘(B) notification of material changes; and ‘‘(C) notification for voluntary termi-nation. ‘‘(c) F
ILING NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION WITH S
TATES .—A certification granted under this part to a small business health plan shall not be effective unless written notice of such certification is filed by the plan sponsor with the applicable State authority of each State in which the small business health plan oper-ates. ‘‘(d) E
XPEDITED AND DEEMED CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary fails to act on a complete application for certifi-cation under this section within 90 days of receipt of such complete application, the ap-plying small business health plan sponsor shall be deemed certified until such time as the Secretary may deny for cause the appli-cation for certification. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—The Secretary may assess a penalty against the board of trustees, plan administrator, and plan sponsor (jointly and severally) of a small business health plan sponsor that is deemed certified under para-graph (1) of up to $500,000 in the event the Secretary determines that the application for certification of such small business health plan sponsor was willfully or with gross negligence incomplete or inaccurate. 
‘‘SEC. 803. PARTICIPATION AND COVERAGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) C OVERED EMPLOYERS AND INDIVID -
UALS .—The requirements of this subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.101 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4450 July 27, 2017 
are met with respect to a small business health plan if, under the terms of the plan— ‘‘(1) each participating employer must be— ‘‘(A) a member of the sponsor; ‘‘(B) the sponsor; or ‘‘(C) an affiliated member of the sponsor, except that, in the case of a sponsor which is a professional association or other indi-vidual-based association, if at least one of the officers, directors, or employees of an employer, or at least one of the individuals who are partners in an employer and who ac-tively participates in the business, is a mem-ber or such an affiliated member of the spon-sor, participating employers may also in-clude such employer; and ‘‘(2) all individuals commencing coverage under the plan after certification under this part must be— ‘‘(A) active or retired owners (including self-employed individuals with or without employees), officers, directors, or employees of, or partners in, participating employers; or ‘‘(B) the dependents of individuals de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) P
ARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS .—In apply- ing requirements relating to coverage re-newal, a participating employer shall not be deemed to be a plan sponsor. ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF DISCRIMINATION  A
GAINST EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES ELIGI-
BLE TO PARTICIPATE .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to a small business health plan if— ‘‘(1) under the terms of the plan, no par-ticipating employer may provide health in-surance coverage in the individual market for any employee not covered under the plan, if such exclusion of the employee from cov-erage under the plan is based on a health sta-tus-related factor with respect to the em-ployee and such employee would, but for such exclusion on such basis, be eligible for coverage under the plan; and ‘‘(2) information regarding all coverage op-tions available under the plan is made read-ily available to any employer eligible to par-ticipate. 
‘‘SEC. 804. DEFINITIONS; RENEWAL. 
‘‘For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) A
FFILIATED MEMBER .—The term ‘affili-ated member’ means, in connection with a sponsor— ‘‘(A) a person who is otherwise eligible to be a member of the sponsor but who elects an affiliated status with the sponsor, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a sponsor with members which consist of associations, a person who is a member or employee of any such asso-ciation and elects an affiliated status with the sponsor. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE STATE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘applicable State authority’ means, with respect to a health insurance issuer in a State, the State insurance commissioner or official or officials designated by the State to enforce the requirements of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act for the State involved with respect to such issuer. ‘‘(3) F
RANCHISOR ; FRANCHISEE .—The terms ‘franchisor’ and ‘franchisee’ have the mean-ings given such terms for purposes of sec-tions 436.2(a) through 436.2(c) of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations (including any such amendments to such regulation after the date of enactment of this part) and, for pur-poses of this part, franchisor or franchisee employers participating in such a group health plan shall not be treated as the em-ployer, co-employer, or joint employer of the employees of another participating franchisor or franchisee employer for any purpose. ‘‘(4) H
EALTH PLAN TERMS .—The terms ‘group health plan’, ‘health insurance cov-erage’, and ‘health insurance issuer’ have the meanings given such terms in section 733. ‘‘(5) INDIVIDUAL MARKET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘individual market’ means the market for health insur-ance coverage offered to individuals other than in connection with a group health plan. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF VERY SMALL GROUPS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), such term includes coverage offered in con-nection with a group health plan that has fewer than 2 participants as current employ-ees or participants described in section 732(d)(3) on the first day of the plan year. ‘‘(ii) S
TATE EXCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply in the case of health insurance cov-erage offered in a State if such State regu-lates the coverage described in such clause in the same manner and to the same extent as coverage in the small group market (as de-fined in section 2791(e)(5) of the Public Health Service Act) is regulated by such State. ‘‘(6) P
ARTICIPATING EMPLOYER .—The term ‘participating employer’ means, in connec-tion with a small business health plan, any employer, if any individual who is an em-ployee of such employer, a partner in such employer, or a self-employed individual who is such employer with or without employees (or any dependent, as defined under the terms of the plan, of such individual) is or was covered under such plan in connection with the status of such individual as such an employee, partner, or self-employed indi-vidual in relation to the plan. ‘‘(7) S
ECTION 7705 ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘section 7705 organization’ means an organi-zation providing services for a customer pur-suant to a contract meeting the conditions of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), and (E) (but not (F)) of section 7705(e)(2) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, including an entity that is part of a section 7705 organization control group . For purposes of this part, any reference to ‘member’ shall include a cus-tomer of a section 7705 organization except with respect to references to a ‘member’ or ‘members’ in paragraph (1).’’. (c) P
REEMPTION RULES .—Section 514 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1144) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) The provisions of this title shall super-sede any and all State laws insofar as they may now or hereafter preclude a health in-surance issuer from offering health insur-ance coverage in connection with a small business health plan which is certified under part 8.’’. (d) P
LANSPONSOR .—Section 3(16)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 102(16)(B)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term also includes a person serving as the sponsor of a small business health plan under part 8.’’. (e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Section 731(c) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘or part 8’’ after ‘‘this part’’. (f) T
REATMENT OF INCOME FROM SMALL  B
USINESS HEALTH PLANS .—Section 513 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(k) S
MALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS .—The term ‘unrelated trade or business’ does not include the sponsoring of a small business health plan (as defined in section 801 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974).’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Labor shall first issue all regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section within 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. SA 414. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE SERVICE ARRANGEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE  
SERVICE ARRANGEMENTS .—An arrangement under which an individual is provided cov-erage restricted to primary care services in exchange for a fixed periodic fee or payment for such services— ‘‘(A) shall not be treated as a health plan for purposes of paragraph (1)(A)(ii), and ‘‘(B) shall not be treated as insurance for purposes of subsection (d)(2)(B).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 415. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED. 
(a) S ELF-ONLY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$2,250’’ and in-serting ‘‘$10,800’’. (b) F
AMILY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$4,500’’ and inserting ‘‘$29,500’’. (c) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Section 223(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection’’, (2) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’, (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3), (4) by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, and (5) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTION LIMITS .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2018, each dollar amount in subsection (b)(2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which such taxable year begins, de-termined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.113 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4451 July 27, 2017 
SA 416. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INCREASED FMAP FOR STATES THAT ADOPT MEDICAL LIABILITY REFORM LEGISLATION. 
Section 1905 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘and (aa)’’ and inserting ‘‘(aa), and (ee)’’; (2) in subsection (cc)— (A) by striking ‘‘and (aa)’’ and inserting ‘‘(aa), and (ee)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of an in-crease under subsection (ee), for the fiscal quarter occurring immediately prior to the first fiscal quarter during which the State is eligible for such increase)’’ after ‘‘December 31, 2009,’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ee) I
NCREASED FMAP FOR MEDICAL LI-
ABILITY REFORM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal years begin-ning on or after October 1, 2017, notwith-standing subsection (b), for a State that is one of the 50 States or the District of Colum-bia and meets the requirement of paragraph (2) for the entire fiscal year, the Federal medical assistance percentage otherwise de-termined under such subsection and sub-sections (y), (z), and (aa) for the State and year shall be increased by 1 percentage point. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS ON NONECONOMIC DAMAGES  
IN MEDICAL LIABILITY CASES .—A State meets the requirement of this paragraph if State law provides that, in any action on a health care liability claim where judgment is ren-dered for a claimant, regardless of the num-ber of defendants against whom judgment is rendered or the number of separate causes of action on which the claim is based— ‘‘(A) the maximum collective amount of noneconomic damages recoverable from one or more physicians or health care providers that are not health care institutions (inclu-sive of all persons and entities associated with the physician or provider for which vi-carious liability theories may apply) against whom judgment is rendered shall not exceed $250,000 for each claimant; ‘‘(B) the maximum amount of noneconomic damages recoverable from any single health care institution (inclusive of all persons and entities associated with the institution for which vicarious liability theories may apply) against whom judgment is rendered shall not exceed $250,000 for each claimant; and ‘‘(C) the maximum collective amount of noneconomic damages recoverable from all health care institutions (inclusive of all per-sons and entities associated with the institu-tion for which vicarious liability theories may apply) against whom judgment is ren-dered shall not exceed $500,000 for each claimant. ‘‘(3) N
ONECONOMIC DAMAGES .—In this sub-section, the term ‘noneconomic damages’ means damages awarded for the purpose of compensating a claimant for physical pain and suffering, mental or emotional pain or anguish, loss of consortium, disfigurement, physical impairment, loss of companionship and society, inconvenience, loss of enjoy-ment of life, injury to reputation, and all other nonpecuniary losses of any kind other than exemplary or punitive damages.’’. SA 417. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RECIPROCAL MARKETING APPROVAL FOR CERTAIN DRUGS, BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS, AND DEVICES. 
The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 524A of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360n–1) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 524B. RECIPROCAL MARKETING APPROVAL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A covered product with reciprocal marketing approval in effect under this section is deemed to be subject to an application or premarket notification for which an approval or clearance is in effect under section 505(c), 510(k), or 515 of this Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary shall, with respect to a covered product, grant re-ciprocal marketing approval if— ‘‘(1) the sponsor of the covered product submits a request for reciprocal marketing approval; and ‘‘(2) the request demonstrates to the Sec-retary’s satisfaction that— ‘‘(A) the covered product is authorized to be lawfully marketed in one or more of the countries included in the list under section 802(b)(1); ‘‘(B) absent reciprocal marketing approval, the covered product is not approved or cleared for marketing, as described in sub-section (a); ‘‘(C) the Secretary has not, because of any concern relating to the safety or effective-ness of the covered product, rescinded or withdrawn any such approval or clearance; ‘‘(D) the authorization to market the cov-ered product in one or more of the countries included in the list under section 802(b)(1) has not, because of any concern relating to the safety or effectiveness of the covered product, been rescinded or withdrawn; ‘‘(E) the covered product is not a banned device under section 516; and ‘‘(F) there is a public health or unmet med-ical need for the covered product in the United States. ‘‘(c) S
AFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary— ‘‘(A) may decline to grant reciprocal mar-keting approval under this section with re-spect to a covered product if the Secretary affirmatively determines that the covered product— ‘‘(i) is a drug that is not safe and effective; or ‘‘(ii) is a device for which there is no rea-sonable assurance of safety and effective-ness; and ‘‘(B) may condition reciprocal marketing approval under this section on the conduct of specified postmarket studies, which may in-clude such studies pursuant to a risk evalua-tion and mitigation strategy under section 505–1. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Upon declining to grant reciprocal marketing approval under this section with respect to a covered product, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) include the denial in a list of such de-nials for each month; and ‘‘(B) not later than the end of the respec-tive month, submit the list to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate. ‘‘(d) REQUEST .—A request for reciprocal marketing approval shall— ‘‘(1) be in such form, be submitted in such manner, and contain such information as the Secretary deems necessary to determine whether the criteria listed in subsection (b)(2) are met; and ‘‘(2) include, with respect to each country included in the list under section 802(b)(1) where the covered product is authorized to be lawfully marketed, as described in sub-section (b)(2)(A), an English translation of the dossier issued by such country to author-ize such marketing. ‘‘(e) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall issue an order granting, or declining to grant, recip-rocal marketing approval with respect to a covered product not later than 30 days after the Secretary’s receipt of a request under subsection (b)(1) for the product. An order issued under this subsection shall take effect subject to Congressional disapproval under subsection (g). ‘‘(f) L
ABELING ; D EVICE CLASSIFICATION .— During the 30-day period described in sub-section (e)— ‘‘(1) the Secretary and the sponsor of the covered product shall expeditiously nego-tiate and finalize the form and content of the labeling for a covered product for which re-ciprocal marketing approval is to be grant-ed; and ‘‘(2) in the case of a device for which recip-rocal marketing approval is to be granted, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) classify the device pursuant to section 513; and ‘‘(B) determine whether, absent reciprocal marketing approval, the device would need to be cleared pursuant to section 510(k) or approved pursuant to section 515 to be law-fully marketed under this Act. ‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF FDA O
RDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A decision of the Sec-retary to decline to grant reciprocal mar-keting approval under this section shall not take effect if a joint resolution of dis-approval of the decision is enacted. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the procedures described in subsections (b) through (g) of section 802 of title 5, United States Code, shall apply to the con-sideration of a joint resolution under this subsection. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(i) the reference to ‘section 801(a)(1)’ in section 802(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to refer to sub-section (c)(2); and ‘‘(ii) the reference to ‘section 801(a)(1)(A)’ in section 802(e)(2) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to refer to sub-section (c)(2). ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL DIS -
APPROVAL .—Reciprocal marketing approval under this section with respect to the appli-cable covered product shall take effect upon enactment of a joint resolution of dis-approval under this subsection. ‘‘(h) A
PPLICABILITY OF RELEVANT PROVI-
SIONS .—The provisions of this Act shall apply with respect to a covered product for which reciprocal marketing approval is in effect to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to a prod-uct for which approval or clearance of an ap-plication or premarket notification under section 505(c), 510(k), or 515 of this Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable, is in effect. ‘‘(i) F
EES FOR REQUEST .—For purposes of imposing fees under chapter VII, a request for reciprocal marketing approval under this section shall be treated as an application or premarket notification for approval or clear-ance under section 505(c), 510(k), or 515 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.063 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4452 July 27, 2017 
this Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable. ‘‘(j) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall con-duct an outreach campaign to encourage the sponsors of covered products that are poten-tially eligible for reciprocal marketing ap-proval to request such approval. ‘‘(k) C
OVERED PRODUCT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered product’ means a drug, biological product, or device.’’. 
SA 418. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE OF-FERED ACROSS STATE LINES. 
Subpart I of part B of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–41 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2746. HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE OF-FERED ACROSS STATE LINES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A health insurance issuer that is licensed in, and qualified to offer health insurance coverage in, a primary State may offer such health insurance cov-erage in a secondary State regardless of whether the issuer is licensed to sell insur-ance in such secondary State. In offering such health insurance coverage in the sec-ondary State, all laws governing health in-surance coverage of the primary State shall apply and the laws governing health insur-ance coverage of the secondary State shall not apply. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) P
RIMARY STATE .—The term ‘primary State’ means, with respect to health insur-ance coverage offered by a health insurance issuer, the State designated by the issuer as the State whose covered laws shall govern the health insurance issuer in the sale of such coverage under this title. An issuer, with respect to a particular policy, may des-ignate only one such State as its primary State with respect to all such coverage it of-fers. Such an issuer may not change the des-ignated primary State with respect to health insurance coverage once the policy is issued, except that such a change may be made upon renewal of the policy. With respect to such designated State, the issuer is deemed to be doing business in that State. ‘‘(2) S
ECONDARY STATE .—The term ‘sec-ondary State’ means, with respect to health insurance coverage offered by a health insur-ance issuer, any State that is not the pri-mary State. In the case of a health insurance issuer that is selling a policy in, or to a resi-dent of, a secondary State, the issuer is deemed to be doing business in that sec-ondary State. ‘‘(3) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means the 50 States and includes the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. 
SA 419. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
1. REPEAL OF THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AND THE HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2010. 
(a) P ATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE  C
AREACT.—Effective on January 1, 2018, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is repealed and the pro-visions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. (b) H
EALTH CARE AND EDUCATION REC-
ONCILIATION ACT OF 2010.—Effective on Janu-ary 1, 2018, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 152) is repealed and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are re-stored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. 
SA 420. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. OPTIONAL MEDICAID PRICE TRANS-PARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a), as previously amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(pp) O
PTIONAL MEDICAID PRICE TRANS -
PARENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the option of a State, the State may require as a condition for a hospital to be a participating provider under the State plan under this title or under a waiver of such plan, for the State to estab-lish a system to collect and make publically available and accessible a database that con-tains the average, aggregate value of the total cost for such medical procedures as the State may specify that are incurred at the hospital. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the ‘average, aggregate value of the total cost of a procedure’ shall not include a patient’s expected cost-sharing contribution for the procedure. ‘‘(2) HIPAA 
PROTECTION .—A State estab-lishing a database under this subsection shall establish procedures to protect the pri-vacy of patients in accordance with regula-tions promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN MATCHING RATE FOR IMPLE -
MENTATION .—Section 1903 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b)as previously amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(bb) The Federal matching percentage otherwise applicable under subsection (a) with respect to State administrative expend-itures during a calendar quarter for which the State receives payment under such sub-section shall, in addition to any other in-crease to such Federal matching percentage, be increased for such calendar quarter by 5 percentage points with respect to State ex-penditures attributable to activities carried out by the State (and approved by the Sec-retary) to implement subsection (pp) of sec-tion 1902.’’. 
SA 421. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ALLOWING ALL INDIVIDUALS PUR-CHASING HEALTH INSURANCE IN THE INDIVIDUAL MARKET THE OP-TION TO PURCHASE A LOWER PRE-MIUM CATASTROPHIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1302(e) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
ONSUMER FREEDOM .—For plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, para-graph (1)(A) shall not apply with respect to any plan offered in the State.’’. (b) R
ISKPOOLS.—Section 1312(c) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and in-cluding, with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, enrollees in cata-strophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Exchange’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and in-cluding, with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, enrollees in cata-strophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Exchange’’. (c) A
LLOWANCE OF PREMIUM TAXCREDIT  
FORCATASTROPHIC PLANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 36B(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘, except that such term shall not include a qualified health plan that is a cata-strophic plan described in section 1302(e) of such Act’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 422. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 686, line 7, strike ‘‘or’’ and all that follows through page 687, line 2, and insert the following: (B) in accordance with the Quality Stand-ards for Inspection and Evaluation issued by the Council of the Inspectors General on In-tegrity and Efficiency (commonly referred to as the ‘‘CIGIE Blue Book’’); or (C) if not prepared in accordance with the standards referred to in subparagraphs (A) or (B), in accordance with the Quality Stand-ards for Federal Offices of Inspector General (commonly referred to as the ‘‘CIGIE Silver Book’’). (2) S
PECIFICATION OF QUALITY STANDARDS  
FOLLOWED .—Each product published or issued by an Inspector General relating to the over-sight of programs and activities funded under the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund shall cite within such product the quality standards followed in conducting and report-ing the work concerned. (3) W
AIVER .—An Inspector General may waive the applicability of paragraph (1) to a specific product relating to the oversight by an Inspector General of activities and pro-grams funded under the Afghanistan Secu-rity Forces Fund if the Inspector General 
SA 423. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.063 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4453 July 27, 2017 
him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 737. STUDY ON SAFE OPIOID PRESCRIBING PRACTICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of the training provided to health care providers of the Department of Defense regarding opioid prescribing practices, initiatives in opioid safety, the use of the VA/DOD Clinical Prac-tice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain, and other related training. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the effectiveness of training with respect to the following: (1) Identifying and treating individuals with chronic pain. (2) Prescribing opioid analgesics, includ-ing— (A) reducing average dosages; (B) reducing average number of dosages; (C) reducing initial and average durations of opioid analgesic therapy; (D) reducing dose escalation when opioid analgesic therapy has resulted in adequate pain reduction; and (E) reducing the average number of pre-scription opioid analgesics dispensed by the Department of Defense. (3) Reducing the number of overdoses due to prescription opioids for patients with acute pain and patients undergoing opioid therapy for chronic pain. (4) Developing validated opioid dependence screening tools for health care providers of the Department. (5) Communicating to health care pro-viders of the Department changes in policies of the Department regarding opioid safety and prescribing practices. (6) Providing education on the risks of opioid medications to individuals for whom such medications are prescribed and to their families, with special consideration given to raising awareness among adolescents on such risks. (7) Providing counseling and referrals for, and expanding access to, treatment alter-natives to opioid analgesics. (8) Developing and implementing a physi-cian advisory committee of the Department relating to education programs for pre-scribers of opioid analgesics. (9) Developing methods to incentivize health care providers of the Department to use physical therapy or alternative methods to treat acute or chronic pain. (10) Developing curricula on pain manage-ment and safe opioid analgesic prescribing that incorporates opioid analgesic pre-scribing guidelines issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a). 
SA 424. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 710. ELIGIBILITY FOR TRICARE FOR VET-ERANS ENTITLED TO MEDICARE BENEFITS DUE TO CONDITIONS OR INJURIES INCURRED DURING SERV-ICE IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) TRICARE P ROVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 1086(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘is en-rolled’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) is enrolled’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as clause (ii); (C) in clause (ii), as redesignated by para-graph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) is a person described in subparagraph (A)(ii) who— ‘‘(i) is retired for disability under chapter 61 of this title as a result of an injury or con-dition suffered during service in the armed forces; ‘‘(ii)(I) is entitled to hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to subpara-graph (A) or (C) of section 226(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)) and is entitled to a benefit described in subparagraph (A) of such section; or ‘‘(II) is entitled to hospital insurance bene-fits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (C) of such section and whose entitlement to a benefit described in subparagraph (A) of such section terminated due to performance of substantial gainful activity; and ‘‘(iii) has declined to enroll in the supple-mentary medical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.).’’. (2) A
LLOWANCE OF ONE CHANGE OF ENROLL -
MENT .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), after the end of the special enrollment period provided under section 2(a)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018, an individual described in paragraph (2)(B) may switch only once from enrollment under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) to enrollment in a plan contracted for under subsection (a). ‘‘(B) The limitation under subparagraph (A) does not apply to enrollment by an indi-vidual in a plan contracted for under sub-section (a) by reason of termination of the entitlement of the individual to a benefit de-scribed in subparagraph (A) of section 226(b)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)) due to the performance of substan-tial gainful activity.’’. (3) S
PECIAL ENROLLMENT PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide for a special enrollment period during which an individual described in sub-section (d)(2)(B) of section 1086 of title 10, United States Code, may enroll in a health care plan under such section. Such period shall begin as soon as possible after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall end 12 months later. (B) C
OVERAGE PERIOD .—In the case of an in-dividual who enrolls during the special en-rollment period provided under subparagraph (A), the coverage period under section 1086 of title 10, United States Code, shall begin on the first day of the month following the month in which the individual enrolls. (4) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1086(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (4)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(A)(ii)’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i)’’. (b) M
EDICARE PROVISIONS .— (1) W
AIVER OF MEDICARE PART B LATE EN -
ROLLMENT PENALTY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1839(b) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘No increase in the premium shall be effected for a month in the case of an individual who demonstrates to the Sec-retary that the individual, with respect to such month, is an individual described in section 1086(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the Secretary of Defense in identifying individuals described in the previous sentence.’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subparagraph (A) shall apply to pre-miums for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary shall establish a method for providing re-bates of premium penalties paid for months after the date of the enactment of this Act for which a penalty does not apply under such amendment but for which a penalty was previously collected. (2) M
EDICARE PART B SPECIAL ENROLLMENT  
PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any indi-vidual who, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, is eligible to enroll but is not en-rolled under part B of title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act and is an individual de-scribed in section 1086(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for a spe-cial enrollment period during which the indi-vidual may enroll under such part. Such pe-riod shall begin as soon as possible after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall end 12 months later. (B) C
OVERAGE PERIOD .—In the case of an in-dividual who enrolls during the special en-rollment period provided under subparagraph (A), the coverage period under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act shall begin on the first day of the month following the month in which the individual enrolls. (c) N
OTIFICATION AND INFORMATION TO  B
ENEFICIARIES .— (1) N
OTIFICATION REGARDING INSURANCE OP -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall co-ordinate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to identify individuals de-scribed in section 1086(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), and notify those individuals about their health insurance options under the TRICARE program, as defined in section 1072 of such title, and the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). (2) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO BENE -
FICIARIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide to individuals described in paragraph (1) educational materials, infor-mation, and counseling regarding the effects of not enrolling in the supplementary med-ical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), including information com-paring premiums, copayments, deductibles, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.102 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4454 July 27, 2017 
provider networks, future enrollment oppor-tunities, and penalties for the various health insurance plans available to assist those in-dividuals in making appropriate health in-surance choices. (B) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall provide the educational materials, information, and counseling described in subparagraph (A) to an individual described in paragraph (1) be-fore the individual elects to change enroll-ment between the TRICARE program, as de-fined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code, and the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). 
SA 425. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT OF RE-DUCTION OF SURVIVOR BENEFITS PLAN SURVIVOR ANNUITIES BY DE-PENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COM-PENSATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) In section 1450, by striking subsection (c). (B) In section 1451(c)— (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sub-chapter is further amended as follows: (A) In section 1450— (i) by striking subsection (e); (ii) by striking subsection (k); and (iii) by striking subsection (m). (B) In section 1451(g)(1), by striking sub-paragraph (C). (C) In section 1452— (i) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘does not apply—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘does not apply in the case of a deduc-tion made through administrative error.’’; and (ii) by striking subsection (g). (D) In section 1455(c), by striking ‘‘, 1450(k)(2),’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE BENE-
FITS.—No benefits may be paid to any person for any period before the effective date pro-vided under subsection (f) by reason of the amendments made by subsection (a). (c) P
ROHIBITION ON RECOUPMENT OF CERTAIN  A
MOUNTS PREVIOUSLY REFUNDED TO SBP R E-
CIPIENTS .—A surviving spouse who is or has been in receipt of an annuity under the Sur-vivor Benefit Plan under subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code, that is in effect before the effective date pro-vided under subsection (f) and that is ad-justed by reason of the amendments made by subsection (a) and who has received a refund of retired pay under section 1450(e) of title 10, United States Code, shall not be required to repay such refund to the United States. (d) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR OPTIONAL  A
NNUITY FOR DEPENDENT CHILDREN .—Section 1448(d) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary concerned’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary concerned’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘DEPENDENT CHILDREN .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In the case of a member described in paragraph (1),’’ and inserting ‘‘D
EPENDENT CHILDREN ANNUITY  
WHEN NO ELIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .—In the case of a member described in paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B). (e) R
ESTORATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR PRE-
VIOUSLY ELIGIBLE SPOUSES .—The Secretary of the military department concerned shall restore annuity eligibility to any eligible surviving spouse who, in consultation with the Secretary, previously elected to transfer payment of such annuity to a surviving child or children under the provisions of section 1448(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the effective date provided under subsection (f). Such eli-gibility shall be restored whether or not pay-ment to such child or children subsequently was terminated due to loss of dependent sta-tus or death. For the purposes of this sub-section, an eligible spouse includes a spouse who was previously eligible for payment of such annuity and is not remarried, or remar-ried after having attained age 55, or whose second or subsequent marriage has been ter-minated by death, divorce or annulment. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the later of— (1) the first day of the first month that be-gins after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2) the first day of the fiscal year that be-gins in the calendar year in which this Act is enacted. 
SA 426. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. CREDITABLE SERVICE FOR FEDERAL RETIREMENT FOR CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS AFFILIATED WITH AIR AMER-ICA. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8332(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (17), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (C) by adding after paragraph (17) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(18) any period of service performed not later than 1977, while a citizen of the United States, in the employ of Air America, Inc., or any associated company (including any entity associated with, predecessor to, or subsidiary to Air America, Inc., including Air Asia Company Limited, CAT Incor-porated, Civil Air Transport Company Lim-ited, and the Pacific Division of Southern Air Transport), during the period that Air America, Inc., or such other company or en-tity, was owned and controlled by the United States Government.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this subchapter, service of the type described in paragraph (18) of this subsection shall be considered to have been service as an employee.’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM DEPOSIT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 8334(g) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) any service for which credit is allowed under section 8332(b)(18) of this title.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to an annuity commencing on or after the ef-fective date of this section. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO CURRENT ANNU -
ITANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who is en-titled to an annuity for the month in which this section becomes effective may, upon submitting an application to the Office of Personnel Management not later than 2 years after the effective date of this section, have the amount of that annuity recomputed as if the amendments made by this section had been in effect throughout all periods of service on the basis of which that annuity is or may be based. (B) R
ECOMPUTATION .—Any recomputation made under subparagraph (A) shall be effec-tive as of the commencement date of the an-nuity, and any additional amounts becoming payable for periods before the first month for which the recomputation is reflected in the regular monthly annuity payments of an in-dividual shall be payable to the individual in the form of a lump-sum payment. (3) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO INDIVIDUALS EL -
IGIBLE FOR (BUT NOT CURRENTLY RECEIVING) AN  
ANNUITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual not de-scribed in paragraph (2) who becomes eligible for an annuity or for an increased annuity as a result of the enactment of this section may elect to have the rights of the individual under subchapter III of chapter 83 of title 5, United States Code, determined as if the amendments made by this section had been in effect, throughout all periods of service on the basis of which that annuity is or would be based, by submitting an application to the Office of Personnel Management not later than 2 years after— (i) the effective date of this section; or (ii) if later, the date on which the indi-vidual separates from service. (B) C
OMMENCEMENT DATE , ETC.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any entitlement to an an-nuity, or to an increased annuity resulting from an application submitted under sub-paragraph (A), for an individual shall be ef-fective as of the commencement date of that annuity (subject to clause (ii), if applicable), and any amounts becoming payable for peri-ods before the first month for which regular monthly annuity payments begin to be made in accordance with the amendments made by this section shall be payable to the indi-vidual in the form of a lump-sum payment. (ii) R
ETROACTIVITY .—Any determination of the amount, or of the commencement date, of any annuity, all the requirements for enti-tlement to which (including separation, but disregarding any application requirement) would have been satisfied before the effective date of this section if this section had been in effect (but would not then otherwise have been satisfied absent this section), shall be made as if an application for that annuity had been submitted as of the earliest date that would have been allowable, after the separation of the individual from service, if the amendments made by this section had been in effect throughout the periods of serv-ice described in subparagraph (A). (4) R
IGHT TO FILE ON BEHALF OF A DECE -
DENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The regulations under subsection (d)(1) shall include provisions, consistent with the order of precedence set 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.102 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4455 July 27, 2017 
forth in section 8342(c) of title 5, United States Code, under which a survivor of an in-dividual who performed service described in section 8332(b)(18) of that title (as added by subsection (a) of this section) shall be al-lowed to submit an application on behalf of and to receive any lump-sum payment that would otherwise have been payable to the de-cedent under paragraph (2) or (3) of this sub-section. (B) D
EADLINE .—An application described in subparagraph (A) shall not be valid unless the application is filed within 2 years after the effective date of this section or 1 year after the date on which the decedent dies, whichever is later. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) L
UMP-SUM PAYMENTS .—Any lump-sum payment under subsection (b) shall be pay-able out of the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund. (2) U
NFUNDED LIABILITY .—Any increase in the unfunded liability of the Civil Service Retirement System attributable to the en-actment of this section shall be financed in accordance with section 8348(f) of title 5, United States Code. (d) R
EGULATIONS AND SPECIAL RULE.— (1) R
EGULATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe any regulations necessary to carry out this sec-tion. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The regulations prescribed under subparagraph (A) shall include provi-sions under which rules similar to those es-tablished under section 201 of the Federal Employees’ Retirement System Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–335; 100 Stat. 514) shall be ap-plied with respect to any service described in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this sec-tion), that was subject to title II of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.). (2) S
PECIAL RULE .—For the purposes of any application for any benefit that is computed or recomputed taking into account any serv-ice described in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section), section 8345(i)(2) of that title shall be applied by deeming the ref-erence to the date of the ‘‘other event which gives rise to title to the benefit’’ to refer to the effective date of this section, if later than the date of the event that would other-wise apply. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date that is the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘annuity’’ includes a survivor annuity; and (2) the terms ‘‘survivor’’ and ‘‘unfunded li-ability’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 8331 of title 5, United States Code. 
SA 427. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. COLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION AND DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE ON UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) C OLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL  A
VIATION ADMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense shall collaborate on de-veloping standards, policies, and procedures for sense and avoid capabilities for un-manned aircraft systems. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The collaboration required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Sharing information and technology on safely integrating unmanned aircraft sys-tems and manned aircraft in the national airspace system and fielding remote and vir-tual towers. (B) Building upon the experience of the Air Force and the Department of Defense to in-form the Federal Aviation Administration’s development of civil standards, policies, and procedures for integrating unmanned air-craft systems in the national airspace sys-tem. (C) Assisting in the development of best practices for unmanned aircraft airworthi-ness certification, development of airborne and ground-based sense and avoid capabili-ties for unmanned aircraft systems, and re-search and development on unmanned air-craft systems, especially with respect to matters involving human factors, informa-tion assurance, and security. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AVIATION  A
DMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  A
CTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may participate and provide assistance for par-ticipation in test and evaluation efforts of the Department of Defense, including the Air Force, relating to ground-based sense and avoid and airborne sense and avoid capabili-ties for unmanned aircraft systems. (2) P
ARTICIPATION THROUGH CENTERS OF EX -
CELLENCE AND TEST SITES .—Participation under paragraph (1) may include provision of assistance through the Center of Excellence for Unmanned Aircraft Systems and un-manned aircraft systems test ranges des-ignated under section 332(c) of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (c) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
SA 428. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. DESIGNATION OF SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE AS DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR A CERTAIN DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON CANCELLATION OF DES-
IGNATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not implement the decision, issued on July 1, 2017, to cancel the designation, under De-partment of Defense Directive 4400.01E, enti-tled ‘‘Defense Production Act Programs’’ and dated October 12, 2001, of the Secretary of the Air Force as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program carried out under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.). (b) DESIGNATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall continue to serve as the Depart-ment of Defense Executive Agent for the pro-gram described in subsection (a) on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 429. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MEMBERS OF HEALTH CARE SHAR-ING MINISTRIES ELIGIBLE TO ES-TABLISH HEALTH SAVINGS AC-COUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION TO HEALTH CARESHARING  M
INISTRIES .—For purposes of this section, membership in a health care sharing min-istry (as defined in section 5000A(d)(2)(B)(ii)) shall be treated as coverage under an HSA- qualified health plan.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 430. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FINDINGS; SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds as follows: (1) Obamacare’s employer mandate has had a devastating impact on the job market in the United States since it took effect in its earliest form in 2015 . Small businesses and the jobs they create have been stifled by the punishing consequences of this government mandate. (2) Under Obamacare, the employer man-date generally imposes a tax penalty on em-ployers if they have 50 or more full-time equivalent employees and do not offer health insurance that meets all of the standards under the law. (3) In 2015, the Congressional Budget Office (referred to in this section as ‘‘CBO’’) found that these penalties are being passed on to employees in the form of reduced wages. In 2016, these reduced wages equaled $2,160 per employee according to CBO’s estimates. This means that any company that ignored the employer mandate in 2016 is likely to face fines of over $2,000 per employee in 2017. (4) CBO expects that, by 2025, the amount of reduced wages per worker will balloon to $3,500. (5) In addition, CBO projects that wages are being even further reduced because com-panies cannot deduct the penalty as an ex-pense, on account of Obamacare. To com-pensate for paying business taxes on higher accounting profits, companies are being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.092 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4456 July 27, 2017 
forced to reduce wages by more than the amount of the penalty payments. (6) CBO estimates that the penalty rep-resents a 7 percent increase in the tax rate of employees at firms that are subject to the employer mandate penalty. (7) In addition, Obamacare’s employer mandate requires that all businesses with at least 50 full-time equivalents provide their full-time workers with health insurance cov-erage that satisfies the law’s requirements. Employers who fail to offer coverage that satisfies the employer mandate are subject to the penalties. (8) In 2015, CBO found that defining full- time employment as a 40-hour week rather than a 30-hour week would alleviate $45,000,000,000 in tax penalties on employers over the following decade. (9) The employer mandate penalty creates incentives for businesses to reduce their hir-ing or shift their workforce toward part-time jobs. (10) These stark realities are playing out all across the country as businesses are now well into year 2 of mandatory compliance with this onerous mandate and its negative effect on jobs. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the committee of jurisdic-tion of the Senate should review— (1) the economic impact that Obamacare’s employer mandate and redefinition of full- time employment as a 30-hour work week has had on businesses, employee wages, and the job market as a whole; and (2) the effect on the job market, if Congress were to enact policy to restore the 40-hour work week definition, and eliminate the cur-rent 30-hour definition that is purely arbi-trary and serves as a damaging barrier to more hours and better pay for American workers. 
SA 431. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FINDINGS; SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds that— (1) Since January 1, 2013, medical device manufacturers have struggled under a 2.3 percent tax imposed by Obamacare on the sale of certain medical devices. The mis-guided purpose of that tax was to operate like an excise tax by raising revenue at the point of sale to offset the cost of Obamacare’s insurance and Medicaid expan-sions by taxing companies who help patients get access to life-saving medical tech-nologies. (2) The tax was in effect from 2010 through 2015, but the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113) temporarily suspended the tax for 2016 and 2017. The tax is now set to resume in 2018. (3) Initially expected to produce $3,200,000,000, supporters of the device tax argue that it would be similar to the wind-fall profits tax from the 1980s, and recapture the excess gains that medical device manu-facturers are expected to receive from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. (4) Taxable medical devices are defined by law as any device ‘‘intended for use in the di-agnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or preven-tion of disease in man or other animals . . . or intended to affect the structure or func-tion of the body of man.’’ Based on this defi-nition, the tax would be levied on critical de-vices such as pacemakers and defibrillators. (5) Since its enactment, the medical device tax has been a major drag on medical inno-vation and contributed to the loss or de-ferred creation of jobs, reduced research and development, and slowed capital expansion. What is even more troubling is that this tax was imposed without any real policy jus-tification, as the tax is not grounded in any health care policy. As it stands under cur-rent law, it is not connected to individual in-surance coverage under Obamacare – it was designed purely as a means of raising rev-enue from the industry to offset the budg-etary impact of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. (6) At its most basic level, this tax violates commonly accepted principles of sound tax policy. In a 2015 report, the Congressional Research Service paid close attention to ex-cise taxes in particular, stating that, ‘‘Viewed from the perspective of traditional economic and tax theory. . .the tax is chal-lenging to justify. In general, tax policy is considered more efficient when differential excise taxes are not imposed. It is generally more efficient to raise revenue from a broad tax base.’’. (7) The effects of the tax are felt across the industry, as every dollar of revenue (not in-come or profit) earned by a company is gen-erally subject to the tax. For larger, estab-lished companies, the device tax represents millions in financial capital that could be used to expand research and create jobs. For smaller, start-up firms, the effect is much worse – not only does it deter company growth, since the tax is imposed on the first dollar of revenue earned, but it also restricts the ability of established medical technology companies to invest in or acquire start-up companies by limiting the amount of avail-able capital for growth. (8) Individual companies are already mak-ing important planning decisions for the next fiscal year. Companies are already mak-ing significant commitments of time and re-sources to enable or restart their systems to accurately capture, report, and pay the tax if it goes back into effect at the end of the year. The longer Congress waits to act, the more capital device companies will waste that could go towards major medical break-throughs to help patients, and more broadly towards advancing the state of our nation’s medical technology. (9) Permanently repealing the device tax will provide medical technology innovators with the long-term certainty necessary to support future job growth and sustainable, research and development that will ulti-mately lead to the next generation of break-throughs in patient care and treatment. With any other policy outcome, effective planning for a sustainable future becomes much more difficult. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the committee of jurisdic-tion in the Senate should conduct a full re-view and assessment of the economic impact of the medical device tax since its inception under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Such review and assessment should include consideration of the impact of the tax on job creation, capital formation, re-search and development, and medical tech-nology innovation. 
SA 432. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF HEALTH CARE REFORM PROVISIONS LIMITING MEDICARE EXCEPTION TO THE PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN PHYSICIAN REFERRALS FOR HOSPITALS. 
Sections 6001 and 10601 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 684, 1005) and section 1106 of the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152; 124 Stat. 1049) are repealed and the provisions of law amended by such sections are restored as if such sections had never been enacted. 
SA 433. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY OF THE PRESIDENT TO DETERMINE AN AL-TERNATIVE ANNUAL PAY ADJUST-MENT FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES BASED ON SERI-OUS ECONOMIC CONDITIONS. 
Section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
SA 434. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 953. REQUIREMENT FOR NATIONAL LAN-GUAGE SERVICE CORPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of 813 of the David L. Boren National Security Edu-cation Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1913) is amended by striking ‘‘may establish and maintain’’ and inserting ‘‘shall establish and main-tain’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘If the Secretary establishes the Corps, the Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’. 
SA 435. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.092 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4457 July 27, 2017 
At the appropriate place in subtitle C of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON PROGRESS MADE IN IM-PLEMENTING THE CYBER EXCEPTED PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
Section 1599f(h)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) An assessment of the progress made in implementing the Cyber Excepted Personnel System.’’. 
SA 436. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 338. COMPREHENSIVE PLAN FOR SHARING DEPOT-LEVEL MAINTENANCE BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a com-prehensive plan for the sharing of best prac-tices for depot-level maintenance among the military services. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive plan re-quired under subsection (a) shall cover the sharing of best practices with regard to— (1) programing and scheduling; (2) core capability requirements; (3) workload; (4) personnel management, development, and sustainment; (5) induction, duration, efficiency, and completion metrics; (6) parts, supply, tool, and equipment man-agement; (7) capital investment and manufacturing and production capability; and (8) inspection and quality control. 
SA 437. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle C of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ESTAB-LISHING AN AWARD PROGRAM FOR THE CYBER COMMUNITY OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of Defense should consider— (1) establishing an award program for em-ployees of the Department of Defense who carry out the cyber missions or functions of the Department of Defense; (2) all award options under law or policy, including compensation, time off, and status awards; (3) awards based upon operational impact and meritorious service; (4) providing the largest possible oppor-tunity for such members or employees to earn such rewards without regard to type of position, grade, years of service, experience or past performance; (5) individual and organization rewards; and (6) other factors, as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, that would reward and provide incentive to cyber personnel or orga-nizations. SA 438. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 583. INCLUSION OF SPECIFIC ELECTRONIC MAIL ADDRESS BLOCK ON CERTIFI-CATE OF RELEASE OR DISCHARGE FROM ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of Defense shall modify the Certifi-cate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214) to include a specific block explicitly identified as the location in which a member of the Armed Forces may provide one or more electronic mail address-es by which the member may be contacted after discharge or release from active duty in the Armed Forces. (b) V
OLUNTARY PROVISION OF ADDRESSES .— The provision of one or more electronic mail addresses by a member in a Certificate of Re-lease or Discharge from Active Duty, as modified by subsection (a), shall be vol-untary and entirely at the election of the member. (c) D
EADLINE FOR MODIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall release a revised Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, modified as required by subsection (a), not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 439. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON AIR-TO-GROUND MUNI-TIONS SUPPLIED BY THE UNITED STATES TO SAUDI ARABIA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: (1) An assessment by the Secretary wheth-er the use of air-to-ground munitions sold or otherwise supplied by the United States to the Government of Saudi Arabia have re-sulted in civilian casualties. (2) An analysis of trends in the scope of ci-vilian casualties since the onset of the offi-cial involvement of Saudi Arabia in the con-flict in Yemen. (3) Recommendations on actions to be taken to mitigate the incidence of civilian casualties in Yemen. 
SA 440. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 8, strike line 11 and insert the fol-lowing: (2) N
O ANNUAL OR LIFETIME CAPS .—Para- graph (3) of section 36B(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) N
O ANNUAL OR LIFETIME CAPS .—Such term shall not include a qualified health plan which has an annual or lifetime cap on benefits, or any plan which does not cover all necessary treatment for a condition until cured (including rehabilitation or recon-struction procedures).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
SA 441. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NO DISENROLLMENT OF CHILDREN FROM MEDICAID WITHOUT PROOF OF ALTERNATIVE INSURANCE COV-ERAGE. 
Beginning with the date of enactment of this Act, any child who is enrolled in a State Medicaid program shall not be disenrolled from such program without proof that the child has alternative insurance coverage that is equally affordable and that provides at least the same level of coverage. 
SA 442. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REQUIRING MEDICAID COVERAGE FOR CERTAIN ADULTS WITH HIGH INSUR-ANCE COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning with the date of enactment of this Act, each State shall provide medical assistance through the State Medicaid program to any individual residing in the State who is between 50 and 64 years of age and who demonstrates that the least expensive private health insurance coverage available to such individual would require the individual to pay premiums that would exceed 9.5 percent of such individual’s in-come. (b) E
NHANCED FMAP.—The Federal medical assistance percentage applicable to medical assistance provided by a State under the State Medicaid program to individuals de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be equal to 100 percent. 
SA 443. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REQUIRING MEDICAID COVERAGE FOR CERTAIN ADULTS WITH HIGH INSUR-ANCE COSTS. 
Beginning with the date of enactment of this Act, each State shall provide medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.103 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4458 July 27, 2017 
assistance through the State Medicaid pro-gram to any individual residing in the State who is between 50 and 64 years of age and who demonstrates that the least expensive private health insurance coverage available to such individual would require the indi-vidual to pay premiums that would exceed 9.5 percent of such individual’s income. 
SA 444. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD PRIVATIZE MEDI-CARE OR LIMIT FEDERAL FUNDING FOR MEDICAID. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) increase the eligibility age under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); (2) privatize the Medicare program or turn the program into a voucher system; or (3) decrease or cap Federal funding of State Medicaid programs under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), or alter such funding of such programs in such a manner that would decrease the amount of Federal funding available to States to elect to pro-vide medical assistance to low-income, non- elderly individuals under the eligibility op-tion established by the Affordable Care Act in section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 445. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PREVENTING REDUCTIONS IN HEALTH COVERAGE, INCREASED OUT-OF- POCKET COSTS, AND INCREASED TAXES FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE STATE OF HAWAII. 
If, within 30 days of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Governor of Hawaii provides a certification to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Sec-retary of Treasury that provisions of, or amendments made by, this Act will result in reductions in health coverage, increased out- of-pocket costs, or increased taxes for indi-viduals in Hawaii, such provisions and amendments shall, as of the date of such cer-tification, not apply to Hawaii (including residents of Hawaii). 
SA 446. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 33, insert the following after line 11: ‘‘(D) S
AFETY NET CARE PROVIDERS .—Pay- ments made for services provided by rural health clinics described in clause (B) of sec-tion 1905(a)(2), Federally-qualified health centers as described in clause (C) of section 1905(a)(2), under the terms specified in sec-tion 1902(bb), and certified community be-havioral health clinics as described in Sec-tion 223 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act. 
SA 447. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike sections 111 through 121. 
SA 448. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—SERVICEMEMBERS AND VET-ERANS EMPOWERMENT AND SUPPORT 
SEC. lll. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Servicemembers and Veterans Empower-ment and Support Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF COVERAGE BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF COUNSELING AND TREAT-MENT FOR SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) C OVERAGE OF CYBER HARASSMENT OF A  S
EXUAL NATURE .—Paragraph (1) of section 1720D(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘cyber harassment of a sexual nature,’’ after ‘‘battery of a sexual nature,’’. (b) E
XPANSION OF AVAILABILITY FOR MEM-
BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—Paragraph (2)(A) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on active duty’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘that was suffered by the member while serving on active duty, active duty for training, or inactive duty training’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. lll. STANDARD OF PROOF FOR SERVICE- CONNECTION OF MENTAL HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATED TO MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) S TANDARD OF PROOF .—Section 1154 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c)(1) In the case of any veteran who claims that a covered mental health condi-tion was incurred in or aggravated by mili-tary sexual trauma during active military, naval, or air service, the Secretary shall ac-cept as sufficient proof of service-connection a diagnosis of such mental health condition by a mental health professional together with satisfactory lay or other evidence of such trauma and an opinion by the mental health professional that such covered mental health condition is related to such military sexual trauma, if consistent with the facts of their service, notwithstanding the fact that there is no official record of such incurrence or aggravation in such service, and, to that end, shall resolve every reasonable doubt in favor of the veteran. Service-connection of such covered mental health condition may be rebutted by clear and convincing evidence to the contrary. The reasons for granting or denying service-connection in each case shall be recorded in full. ‘‘(2) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘covered mental health con-dition’ means post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, depression, or other mental health diagnosis described in the current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders published by the American Psychiatric Association that the Secretary determines to be related to military sexual trauma. ‘‘(B) The term ‘military sexual trauma’ means, with respect to a veteran, a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sex-ual nature, cyber harassment of a sexual na-ture, or sexual harassment which occurred during active military, naval, or air serv-ice.’’. (b) USE OF EVIDENCE IN EVALUATING DIS-
ABILITY CLAIMS INVOLVING MILITARY SEXUAL  T
RAUMA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter VI of chapter 11 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1164. Evaluation of claims involving mili-tary sexual trauma ‘‘(a) N
ONMILITARY SOURCES OF EVIDENCE .— (1) In carrying out section 1154(c) of this title, the Secretary shall ensure that if a claim for compensation under this chapter is received by the Secretary for post-traumatic stress disorder based on a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, cyber harassment of a sexual nature, or sex-ual harassment experienced by a veteran during active military, naval, or air service, evidence from sources other than official records of the Department of Defense regard-ing the veteran’s service may corroborate the veteran’s account of the assault, battery, or harassment. ‘‘(2) Examples of evidence described in paragraph (1) include the following: ‘‘(A) Records from law enforcement au-thorities, rape crisis centers, mental health counseling centers, hospitals, and physi-cians. ‘‘(B) Pregnancy tests and tests for sexually transmitted diseases. ‘‘(C) Statements from family members, roommates, other members of the Armed Forces or veterans, and clergy. ‘‘(b) B
EHAVIOR CHANGES CORROBORATING  E
VIDENCE .—(1) In carrying out section 1154(c) of this title, the Secretary shall ensure that evidence of a behavior change following an assault, battery, or harassment described in subsection (a)(1) is one type of relevant evi-dence that may be found in sources described in such subsection. ‘‘(2) Examples of behavior changes that may be relevant evidence of an assault, bat-tery, or harassment described in subsection (a)(1) include the following: ‘‘(A) A request for a transfer to another military duty assignment. ‘‘(B) Deterioration in work performance. ‘‘(C) Substance abuse. ‘‘(D) Episodes of depression, panic attacks, or anxiety without an identifiable cause. ‘‘(E) Unexplained economic or social be-havior changes. ‘‘(c) N
OTICE AND OPPORTUNITY TOSUPPLY  E
VIDENCE .—The Secretary may not deny a claim of a veteran for compensation under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.094 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4459 July 27, 2017 
this chapter for a post-traumatic stress dis-order that is based on an assault, battery, or harassment described in subsection (a)(1) without first— ‘‘(1) advising the veteran that evidence de-scribed in subsections (a) and (b) may con-stitute credible corroborating evidence of the assault, battery, or harassment; and ‘‘(2) allowing the veteran an opportunity to furnish such corroborating evidence or ad-vise the Secretary of potential sources of such evidence. ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW OF EVIDENCE .—In reviewing a claim for compensation described in sub-section (a)(1), for any evidence received with such claim that is described in subsection (a) or (b), the Secretary may submit such evi-dence to such medical or mental health pro-fessional as the Secretary considers appro-priate, including clinical and counseling ex-perts employed by the Department, to obtain a credible opinion as to whether the evidence indicates that an assault, battery, or harass-ment described in subsection (a)(1) occurred. ‘‘(e) P
OINT OF CONTACT .—The Secretary shall ensure that each document provided to a veteran relating to a claim for compensa-tion described in subsection (a)(1) includes contact information for an appropriate point of contact with the Department.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘1164. Evaluation of claims involving mili-tary sexual trauma.’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter VI of chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (b), is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1165. Reports on claims for disabilities in-curred or aggravated by military sexual trauma ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS .—Not later than March 1, 2018, and not less frequently than once each year thereafter through 2027, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on covered claims submitted during the previous fiscal year to identify and track the consistency of decisions across regional offices. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: ‘‘(1) The number of covered claims sub-mitted to or considered by the Secretary during the fiscal year covered by the report. ‘‘(2) Of the covered claims listed under paragraph (1), the number and percentage of such claims— ‘‘(A) submitted by each sex; ‘‘(B) that were approved, including the number and percentage of such approved claims submitted by each sex; and ‘‘(C) that were denied, including the num-ber and percentage of such denied claims submitted by each sex. ‘‘(3) Of the covered claims listed under paragraph (1) that were approved, the num-ber and percentage, disaggregated by sex, of claims assigned to each rating percentage. ‘‘(4) Of the covered claims listed under paragraph (1) that were denied— ‘‘(A) the three most common reasons given by the Secretary under section 5104(b)(1) of this title for such denials; and ‘‘(B) the number of denials that were based on the failure of a veteran to report for a medical examination. ‘‘(5) The number of covered claims that, as of the end of the fiscal year covered by the report, are pending and, separately, the num-ber of such claims on appeal. ‘‘(6) For the fiscal year covered by the re-port, the average number of days that cov-ered claims take to complete, beginning on the date on which the claim is submitted. ‘‘(7) A description of the training that the Secretary provides to employees of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration specifically with respect to covered claims, including the frequency, length, and content of such train-ing. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered claims’ means claims for disability compensation sub-mitted to the Secretary based on a covered mental health condition alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by military sexual trauma. ‘‘(2) The terms ‘covered mental health con-dition’ and ‘military sexual trauma’ have the meanings given such terms in section 1154(c)(3) of this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by subsection (b), is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘1165. Reports on claims for disabilities in-curred or aggravated by mili-tary sexual trauma.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (c) of sec-tion 1154 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with re-spect to any claim for disability compensa-tion under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for which no final decision has been made before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. lll. INFORMATION FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES REGARDING AVAIL-ABILITY OF SERVICES AT VET CEN-TERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall inform members of the Armed Forces, using mechanisms available to the Sec-retary, of the eligibility of such members for services at Vet Centers. (b) I
NFORMATION FROM SEXUAL ASSAULT  R
ESPONSE COORDINATORS .—The Secretary shall ensure that Sexual Assault Response Coordinators of the Department of Defense advise members of the Armed Forces who re-port instances of military sexual trauma re-garding the eligibility of such members for services at Vet Centers. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
ILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA .—The term ‘‘military sexual trauma’’ means psycho-logical trauma described in section 1720D(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code. (2) V
ET CENTER .—The term ‘‘Vet Center’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1712A(h) of such title. 
SA 449. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTY UNDER INTERNATIONAL EMERGENCY ECO-NOMIC POWERS ACT. 
Section 206(b)(1) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’. 
SA 450. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 192, strike lines 21 through 24. 
SA 451. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-self, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division ll, add the fol-lowing: TITLE XVII—JUSTICE FOR SERVICEMEMBERS AND VETERANS 
SECTION 1700. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for Servicemembers and Veterans Act of 2017’’. Subtitle A—Employment and Reemployment Rights 
SEC. 1701. ACTION FOR RELIEF IN ENFORCE-MENT OF EMPLOYMENT AND REEM-PLOYMENT RIGHTS OF MEMBERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES WITH RE-SPECT TO A STATE OR PRIVATE EM-PLOYER. 
(a) I NITIATION OF ACTIONS .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) of section 4323 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking the third sentence and inserting the fol-lowing new sentences: ‘‘If the Attorney Gen-eral is reasonably satisfied that the person on whose behalf the complaint is referred is entitled to the rights or benefits sought, the Attorney General may commence an action for relief under this chapter, including on be-half of the person. The person on whose be-half the complaint is referred may, upon timely application, intervene in such action and may obtain such appropriate relief as provided in subsections (d) and (e).’’. (b) A
TTORNEY GENERAL NOTICE TO SERVICE -
MEMBER OF DECISION .—Paragraph (2) of such subsection is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 60 days after the date the Attorney General receives a referral under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall transmit, in writing, to the person on whose behalf the complaint is submitted— ‘‘(i) if the Attorney General has made a de-cision about whether the United States will commence an action for relief under para-graph (1) relating to the complaint of the person, notice of the decision; and ‘‘(ii) if the Attorney General has not made such a decision, notice of when the Attorney General expects to make such a decision. ‘‘(B) If the Attorney General notifies a per-son of when the Attorney General expects to make a decision under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Attorney General shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which the Attorney General makes such decision, notify, in writ-ing, the person of such decision.’’. (c) P
ATTERN OR PRACTICE CASES.—Such subsection is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) (as amended by paragraph (2) of this subsection) the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) Whenever the Attorney General has reasonable cause to believe that a State (as an employer) or a private employer is en-gaged in a pattern or practice of resistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.094 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4460 July 27, 2017 
to the full enjoyment of any of the rights or benefits secured by this chapter, the Attor-ney General may commence an action under this chapter.’’. (d) A
CTIONS BY PRIVATE PERSONS .—Sub- paragraph (C) of paragraph (4) of such sub-section, as redesignated by paragraph (3)(A), is amended by striking ‘‘refused’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘notified by the Attorney General that the Attorney General does not intend to bring a civil action.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (h)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1) or subsection (a)(4)’’. 
SEC. 1702. WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY FOR ENFORCEMENT OF EMPLOY-MENT AND REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS OF MEMBERS OF UNIFORMED SERV-ICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 4323(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2)(A) In the case of an action against a State (as an employer), any instrumentality of a State, or any officer or employee of a State or instrumentality of a State acting in that officer or employee’s official capacity, by any person, the action may be brought in the appropriate district court of the United States or in a State court of competent ju-risdiction, and the State, instrumentality of the State, or officer or employee of the State or instrumentality acting in that officer or employee’s official capacity shall not be im-mune under the Eleventh Amendment of the Constitution, or under any other doctrine of sovereign immunity, from such action. ‘‘(B)(i) No State, instrumentality of such State, or officer or employee of such State or instrumentality of such State, acting in that officer or employee’s official capacity, that receives or uses Federal financial assistance for a program or activity shall be immune, under the Eleventh Amendment of the Con-stitution or under any other doctrine of sov-ereign immunity, from suit in Federal or State court by any person for any violation under this chapter related to such program or activity. ‘‘(ii) In an action against a State brought pursuant to subsection (a), a court may award the remedies (including remedies both at law and in equity) that are available under subsections (d) and (e).’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF PURPOSES .—Section 4301(a) of such title is amended, in the mat-ter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Pursuant to the power of Con-gress to enact this chapter under section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States, the’’. 
SEC. 1703. VENUE FOR CASES AGAINST PRIVATE EMPLOYERS FOR VIOLATIONS OF EMPLOYMENT AND REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS OF MEMBERS OF UNI-FORMED SERVICES. 
Section 4323(c)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘United States district court for any district in which the private employer of the person maintains a place of business.’’ and inserting ‘‘United States district court for— ‘‘(A) any district in which the employer maintains a place of business; ‘‘(B) any district in which a substantial part of the events or omissions giving rise to the claim occurred; or ‘‘(C) if there is no district in which an ac-tion may otherwise be brought as provided in subparagraph (A) or (B), any district in which the employer is subject to the court’s personal jurisdiction with respect to such ac-tion.’’. SEC. 1704. STANDING IN CASES INVOLVING VIO-LATIONS OF EMPLOYMENT AND RE-EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS OF MEMBERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES BY STATES AND PRIVATE EMPLOYERS. 
Section 4323(f) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘by the United States or’’ after ‘‘may be initiated only’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or by the United States under subsection (a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 1705. CIVIL INVESTIGATIVE DEMANDS BY ATTORNEY GENERAL IN ENFORCE-MENT OF EMPLOYMENT AND REEM-PLOYMENT RIGHTS OF MEMBERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES WITH RE-SPECT TO STATES AND PRIVATE EM-PLOYERS. 
Section 4323 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (j); and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection (i): ‘‘(i) I
SSUANCE AND SERVICE OF CIVILINVES -
TIGATIVE DEMANDS BY ATTORNEY GENERAL .— (1) Whenever the Attorney General has rea-son to believe that any person may be in pos-session, custody, or control of any documen-tary material relevant to an investigation under this chapter, the Attorney General may, before commencing a civil action under subsection (a), issue in writing and cause to be served upon such person, a civil investiga-tive demand requiring— ‘‘(A) the production of such documentary material for inspection and copying; ‘‘(B) that the custodian of such documen-tary material answer in writing written questions with respect to such documentary material; or ‘‘(C) the production of any combination of such documentary material or answers. ‘‘(2) The provisions governing the author-ity to issue, use, and enforce civil investiga-tive demands under section 3733 of title 31 (known as the ‘False Claims Act’) shall gov-ern the authority to issue, use, and enforce civil investigative demands under paragraph (1), except that for purposes of that para-graph— ‘‘(A) a reference in that section to false claims law investigators or investigations shall be applied as referring to investigators or investigations under this chapter; ‘‘(B) a reference to interrogatories shall be applied as referring to written questions, and answers to such need not be under oath; ‘‘(C) the statutory definitions for purposes of that section relating to ‘false claims law’ shall not apply; and ‘‘(D) provisions of that section relating to qui tam relators shall not apply.’’. 
SEC. 1706. TREATMENT OF DISABILITY DISCOV-ERED AFTER EMPLOYEE ENTITLED TO REEMPLOYMENT BY REASON OF UNIFORMED SERVICE STATUS RE-SUMES EMPLOYMENT. 
Section 4313(a)(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended, in the matter before sub-paragraph (A), by inserting ‘‘including a dis-ability that is brought to the employer’s at-tention within 5 years after the person re-sumes employment,’’ after ‘‘during, such service,’’. 
SEC. 1707. BURDEN OF IDENTIFYING PROPER RE-EMPLOYMENT POSITIONS FOR EM-PLOYEES ENTITLED TO REEMPLOY-MENT BY REASON OF UNIFORMED SERVICE STATUS. 
Section 4313 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) For purposes of this section, the em-ployer shall have the burden of identifying the appropriate reemployment positions.’’. SEC. 1708. CLARIFICATIONS REGARDING SCOPE OF EMPLOYMENT AND REEMPLOY-MENT RIGHTS OF MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) C LARIFICATION REGARDING DEFINITION  
OFRIGHTS AND BENEFITS .—Section 4303(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘The term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Any procedural protections or provi-sions set forth in this chapter shall also be considered a right or benefit subject to the protection of this chapter.’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING RELATION TO  O
THER LAW AND PLANS FOR AGREEMENTS .— Section 4302 of such title is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) Pursuant to this section and the procedural rights afforded by subchapter III of this chapter, any agreement to arbitrate a claim under this chapter is unenforceable, unless all parties consent to arbitration after a complaint on the specific claim has been filed in court or with the Merit Systems Protection Board and all parties knowingly and voluntarily consent to have that par-ticular claim subjected to arbitration. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, con-sent shall not be considered voluntary when a person is required to agree to arbitrate an action, complaint, or claim alleging a viola-tion of this chapter as a condition of future or continued employment, advancement in employment, or receipt of any right or ben-efit of employment.’’. Subtitle B—Civil Relief 
SEC. 1711. IMPROVED PROTECTION OF MEMBERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES AGAINST DEFAULT JUDGMENTS. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT OF ATTORNEY TOREP-
RESENT DEFENDANT IN MILITARY SERVICE .— Paragraph (2) of section 201(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3931(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT OF ATTORNEY TO REP -
RESENT DEFENDANT IN MILITARY SERVICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If in an action covered by this section it appears that the defendant is in military service, the court shall not enter a judgment until after the court ap-points an attorney to represent the defend-ant. ‘‘(B) A
CTIONS OF ATTORNEY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The court appointed at-torney shall act only in the best interests of the defendant. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUEST FOR STAY OF PROCEEDINGS .— The court appointed attorney, when appro-priate to represent the best interests of the defendant, shall request a stay of pro-ceedings under this Act. ‘‘(iii) F
AITHFUL PERFORMANCE .—The court shall require the court appointed attorney to perform duties faithfully and, upon failure to do so, shall discharge the attorney and ap-point another. ‘‘(C) L
OCATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The court appointed at-torney shall use due diligence to locate and contact the defendant. ‘‘(ii) P
ROVISION OF CONTACT INFORMATION .— The plaintiff must provide to the court ap-pointed attorney all contact information it has for the defendant. ‘‘(iii) R
EPORT ON EFFORTS TO LOCATE .—A court appointed attorney unable to make contact with the defendant shall report to the court on all of the attorney’s efforts to make contact. ‘‘(iv) I
MPLICATIONS OF FAILURE TO LOCATE .— If an attorney appointed under this section to represent a defendant in military service cannot locate the defendant, actions by the attorney in the case shall not waive any de-fense of the servicemember or otherwise bind the servicemember. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.104 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4461 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(D) N OTIFICATION AND ASSERTION OF  
RIGHTS .— ‘‘(i) N
OTIFICATION OF RIGHTS .—Upon mak-ing contact with the defendant, the court ap-pointed attorney shall advise the defendant of the nature of the lawsuit and the defend-ant’s rights provided by this Act, including rights to obtain a stay and to request the court to adjust an obligation. ‘‘(ii) A
SSERTION OF RIGHTS .—Regardless of whether contact is made under clause (i), the court appointed attorney shall assert such rights on behalf of defendant if there is an adequate basis in law and fact, unless the de-fendant provides informed consent to not as-sert such rights.’’. (b) E
XPANSION OF AUTHORITY FOR COURT TO V
ACATE OR SETASIDE JUDGMENT .—Paragraph (1) of section 201(g) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3931(g)) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and in-serting the following new subparagraphs (A) and (B): ‘‘(A)(i) the servicemember was materially affected by reason of that military service in making a defense to the action; and ‘‘(ii) the servicemember has a meritorious or legal defense to the action or some part of it; or ‘‘(B) an attorney appointed to represent the servicemember failed to adequately rep-resent the best interests of the defendant.’’. 
SEC. 1712. AUTHORITY FOR ISSUANCE AND SERV-ICE OF CIVIL INVESTIGATIVE DE-MANDS BY ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4041) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) I
SSUANCE AND SERVICE OF CIVILINVES -
TIGATIVE DEMANDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever the Attorney General has reason to believe that any per-son may be in possession, custody, or control of any documentary material relevant to an investigation under this Act, the Attorney General may, before commencing a civil ac-tion under subsection (a), issue in writing and serve upon such person, a civil investiga-tive demand requiring— ‘‘(A) the production of such documentary material for inspection and copying; ‘‘(B) that the custodian of such documen-tary material answer in writing written questions with respect to such documentary material; or ‘‘(C) the production of any combination of such documentary material or answers. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The provisions of sec-tion 3733 of title 31, United States Code, gov-erning the authority to issue, use, and en-force civil investigative demands shall apply with respect to the authority to issue, use, and enforce civil investigative demands under this section, except that, for purposes of applying such section 3733— ‘‘(A) references in that section to false claims law investigators or investigations shall be read as references to investigators or investigations; ‘‘(B) references in that section to interrog-atories shall be read as references to written questions, and answers to such need not be under oath; ‘‘(C) the statutory definitions relating to ‘false claims law’ shall not apply; and ‘‘(D) provisions relating to qui tam rela-tors shall not apply.’’. (b) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY .—Section 801 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 4041), as amended by subsection (a), shall apply as if such sec-tion were included in the enactment of the Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act of 1940 (54 Stat. 1178, chapter 888) and included in the restatement of such Act in Public Law 108–189. SEC. 1713. ORAL NOTICE SUFFICIENT TO INVOKE INTEREST RATE CAP. 
Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 207(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3937(b)) are amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) N
OTICE TO CREDITOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order for an obliga-tion or liability of a servicemember to be subject to the interest rate limitation in subsection (a), the servicemember shall pro-vide to the creditor oral or written notice of military service and any further extension of military service, not later than 180 days after the date of the servicemember’s termi-nation or release from military service. ‘‘(B) R
ECORDS .—The creditor shall retain a record of the servicemember’s oral or writ-ten notification. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION EFFECTIVE AS OF DATE OF  
ORDER TO ACTIVE DUTY .— ‘‘(A) S
EARCH OF RECORDS .—Upon receipt of oral or written notice of military service, the creditor shall conduct a search of De-partment of Defense records available through the Department of Defense Man-power Data Center. ‘‘(B) M
ILITARY SERVICE CONFIRMED .—If military service is confirmed by a search under subparagraph (A), the creditor shall treat the debt in accordance with subsection (a), effective as of the date on which the servicemember is called to military service. ‘‘(C) M
ILITARY SERVICE NOT CONFIRMED .—If a search of Department of Defense records under subparagraph (A) does not confirm military service, the creditor shall notify the servicemember and may require the serv-icemember to provide a copy of the servicemember’s military orders before treating the debt in accordance with sub-section (a), effective as of the date on which the servicemember is called to military serv-ice.’’. 
SEC. 1714. HARMONIZATION OF SECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3953) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘filed’’ and insert-ing ‘‘pending’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘with a return made and approved by the court’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF SUNSET .—Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–154; 50 U.S.C. 3953 note) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘E
XTENSION OF SUNSET ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘E
LIMINATION OF PRIOR SUN-
SET.—Subsection (c)’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 1715. EXPANSION OF PROTECTION FOR TER-MINATION OF RESIDENTIAL AND MOTOR VEHICLE LEASES. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF RESIDENTIAL LEASES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 305 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3955) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) in the case of a lease described in sub-paragraph (C) of subsection (b)(1), the date the lessee is assigned to or otherwise relo-cates to quarters or a housing facility as de-scribed in such subparagraph.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘depend-ent of the lessee’’ and inserting ‘‘co-lessee’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by inserting ‘‘(as defined in the Joint Federal Travel Regulations, chapter 5, para-graph U5000B)’’ after ‘‘permanent change of station’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) the lease is executed by or on behalf of a person who thereafter and during the term of the lease is assigned to or otherwise relo-cates to quarters of the United States or a housing facility under the jurisdiction of a uniformed service (as defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code), including housing provided under the Military Housing Privatization Initiative.’’. (2) MANNER OF TERMINATION .—Subsection (c)(1) of such section is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘in the case of a lease de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) and subparagraph (A) or (B) of such subsection,’’ before ‘‘by de-livery’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) in the case of a lease described in sub-paragraph (C) of subsection (b)(1), by deliv-ery by the lessee of written notice of such termination, and a letter from the servicemember’s commanding officer indi-cating that the servicemember has been as-signed to or is otherwise relocating to quar-ters of the United States or a housing facil-ity under the jurisdiction of a uniformed service (as defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code), to the lessor (or the les-sor’s grantee), or to the lessor’s agent (or the agent’s grantee); and’’. (b) W
AIVER IMPERMISSIBLE .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) W
AIVER NOTPERMITTED .—The provi-sions of this section may not be waived or modified by the agreement of the parties under any circumstances.’’. 
SEC. 1716. PORTABILITY OF PROFESSIONAL LI-CENSES OF MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES AND THEIR SPOUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4021 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 705 (50 U.S.C. 4025) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 705A. PORTABILITY OF PROFESSIONAL LI-CENSES OF SERVICEMEMBERS AND THEIR SPOUSES. 
‘‘In any case in which a servicemember has a professional license in good standing in a jurisdiction or the spouse of a servicemem-ber has a professional license in good stand-ing in a jurisdiction and such servicemember or spouse relocates his or her residency be-cause of military orders to a location that is not in such jurisdiction, the professional li-cense or certification of such servicemember or spouse shall be considered valid and in good standing in the jurisdiction of such new residency for the duration of such military orders if such servicemember or spouse— ‘‘(1) provides a copy of such military orders to the licensing authority in the jurisdiction in which the new residency is located; ‘‘(2) remains in good standing with the li-censing authority that issued the license; and ‘‘(3) submits to the authority of the licens-ing authority in the new jurisdiction for the purposes of standards of practice, discipline, and fulfillment of any continuing education requirements.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.104 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4462 July 27, 2017 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 705 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 705A. Portability of professional li-censes of servicemembers and their spouses.’’. 
SA 452. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. IN-STATE TUITION RATES FOR CER-TAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN ACTIVE SERVICE, SPOUSES, AND DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 135 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1015d) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 135. IN-STATE TUITION RATES FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN AC-TIVE SERVICE, SPOUSES, AND DE-PENDENT CHILDREN. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Each State that re-ceives assistance under this Act shall not charge a member of the armed forces (or the spouse or dependent child of such member) tuition for attendance at a public institution of higher education in the State at a rate that is greater than the rate charged for residents of the State, if the member of the armed forces— ‘‘(1) is serving on active service, as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code, and has served on active service for a period of not less than 10 years; and ‘‘(2) has been stationed in the State— ‘‘(A) for any of the 3 most recent tours of duty of the member; or ‘‘(B) for any of the 3 longest tours of duty of the member. ‘‘(b) C
ONTINUATION .—If an individual who is a member of the armed forces, or the spouse or dependent child of such member, pays tui-tion at a public institution of higher edu-cation in a State at a rate determined by subsection (a), the provisions of such sub-section shall continue to apply to such mem-ber, spouse, or dependent, with respect to any State for which the member met the re-quirements of paragraph (a)(2) and without regard to any subsequent change in the per-manent duty station or the retirement of the member, while such member, spouse or de-pendent— ‘‘(1) is continuously enrolled at such insti-tution; or ‘‘(2)(A) transfers to another public institu-tion of higher education during the same academic year or the immediately following academic year, if the institution is located in a State where the member has been sta-tioned as described in subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(B) is continuously enrolled at such insti-tution. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall take effect at each public institution of higher education in a State that receives as-sistance under this Act for each period of en-rollment at such institution that begins after July 1, 2018. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CTIVE SERVICE FOR A PERIOD OF MORE  
THAN 30 DAYS .—The term ‘active service for a period of more than 30 days’ means active service, as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code, under a call or order that does not specify a period of 30 days or less. ‘‘(2) ARMED FORCES .—The terms ‘armed forces’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a), and the amendment made by subsection (a), shall take effect on July 1, 2018. 
SA 453. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. JOINT SERVICES TRANSCRIPTS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES PARTICIPATING IN THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROVISION OF TRANSCRIPTS TO MEMBERS  R
EQUIRED .—Each member of the Armed Forces participating in the Transition As-sistance Program (TAP) of the Department of Defense shall be provided a joint services transcript (TSP) in connection with partici-pation in the Program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The joint services tran-script provided a member pursuant to sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Military student data of the member, including a description of any military courses taken and learning outcomes and recommended college credit in connection with such courses. (2) Any military occupations or military occupational specialities of the member. (3) The results of any national college-level examinations taken by the member. 
SA 454. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. l. FINANCING OF EXPORTATION OF DE-FENSE ARTICLES AND DEFENSE SERVICES BY EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2(b)(6)(I)(i)(I) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(6)(I)(i)(I)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I)(aa) the Bank determines that the end use of the defense articles or services in-cludes civilian purposes; or ‘‘(bb) the President determines that the transaction is in the national security inter-ests of the United States; and’’. 
SA 455. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of division A add the following: TITLE XVII—DISCHARGE AND DISCHARGE REVIEW MATTERS 
SEC. 1701. CONFIDENTIAL REVIEW OF CHARAC-TERIZATION OF TERMS OF DIS-CHARGE OF MEMBERS WHO ARE SURVIVORS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION OF CURRENT CONFIDENTIAL  P
ROCESS .— (1) C
ODIFICATION .—Chapter 79 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1554a a new section 1554b con-sisting of— (A) a heading as follows: ‘‘§ 1554b. Confidential review of characteriza-tion of terms of discharge of members of the armed forces who are survivors of sex-ual assault’’; and (B) a text consisting of the text of section 547 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3375; 10 U.S.C. 1553 note). (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 79 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1554a the following new item: ‘‘1554b. Confidential review of characteriza-tion of terms of discharge of members of the armed forces who are survivors of sexual as-sault.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 547 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 is repealed. (b) T
ERMINOLOGY .—Section 1554b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘victim’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sur-vivor’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘sex-related’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sexual assault’’. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY TO IN-
DIVIDUALS WHOALLEGE THEY WERE A SUR-
VIVOR OF SEXUAL ASSAULT DURING MILITARY  S
ERVICE .—Subsection (a) of such section 1554b, as so added, is further amended by in-serting after ‘‘sexual assault offense’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, or alleges that the individual was the survivor of a sexual assault offense,’’. (d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CONSID -
ERATION OF EVIDENCE .—Subsection (b) of such section 1554b, as so added, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) to give liberal consideration to all available evidence that a sexual assault oc-curred, including evidence from sources other than records of the armed force con-cerned that may corroborate the individual’s account of the sexual assault (including evi-dence of changes in the individual’s behavior after the offense and other circumstantial evidence that may corroborate the individ-ual’s account of the sexual assault).’’. (e) M
EDICAL ADVISORY OPINIONS IN CONNEC -
TION WITHSURVIVORS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT .— Such section 1554b, as so added, is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) M
EDICAL ADVISORY OPINIONS .—Any medical advisory opinion issued to a board 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.104 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4463 July 27, 2017 
established in accordance with this chapter in the case of a review carried out in accord-ance with the process established under this section shall include the opinion of a psy-chiatrist or psychologist with training in sexual trauma cases.’’. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-tion 1554b, as so added, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Armed Forces’’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and in-serting ‘‘armed forces’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘boards for the correction of military records of the military depart-ment concerned’’ and inserting ‘‘boards of the military department concerned estab-lished in accordance with this chapter’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such an offense’’ and in-serting ‘‘a sexual-assault offense’’; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘boards for the correction of military records’’ and inserting ‘‘boards of the military department concerned established in accordance with this chapter’’; and (4) in subsection (e), as redesignated by subsection (e)(1) of this section— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘S
EX-RELATED ’’ and inserting ‘‘S EXUAL AS-
SAULT ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’; and (C) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by striking ‘‘such title’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’. 
SEC. 1702. AUTHORITY FOR DISCHARGE REVIEW BOARDS TO REFER CERTAIN APPLI-CATIONS FOR RELIEF TO THE PHYS-ICAL DISABILITY BOARD OF REVIEW. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR DISCHARGE REVIEW  B
OARDS TO REFER FOR DISABILITY REVIEW .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Subsection (b) of section 1553 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) To reflect its findings, a board es-tablished under this section may— ‘‘(A) change a discharge or dismissal; ‘‘(B) issue a new discharge; or ‘‘(C) in the case of a former member whose application for relief is based in whole or in part on matters relating to a sexual assault, post-traumatic stress disorder, or traumatic brain injury, refer the application for relief to the Physical Disability Board of Review established under section 1554a of this title for review under such section. ‘‘(2) Any action of the board under this subsection is subject to review by the Sec-retary concerned.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF REFERRAL .—Section 1554a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) R
EFERRALS FROM DISCHARGE REVIEW  B
OARD .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), a referral for review pursuant to section 1553(b)(1)(C) of this title shall be treated as a request for review by a covered individual for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) In the case of a referral for review pur-suant to section 1553(b)(1)(C) of this title— ‘‘(A) a previous disability determination by a Physical Evaluation Board shall not be re-quired; and ‘‘(B) subsection (c)(4) shall not apply.’’. 
SEC. 1703. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMA-TION RELATED TO DISPOSITION OF CLAIMS REGARDING DISCHARGE OR RELEASE OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHEN THE CLAIMS INVOLVE SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) B OARDS FOR THE CORRECTION OF MILI-
TARY RECORDS .—Section 1552(h) of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 533(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The number and disposition of claims decided during the calendar quarter pre-ceding the calendar quarter in which such in-formation is made available in which sexual assault is alleged to have contributed, whether in whole or in part, to the original characterization of the discharge or release of the claimant.’’. (b) DISCHARGE REVIEW BOARDS .—Section 1553(f) of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 533(b) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The number and disposition of claims decided during the calendar quarter pre-ceding the calendar quarter in which such in-formation is made available in which sexual assault is alleged to have contributed, whether in whole or in part, to the original characterization of the discharge or release of the claimant.’’. 
SEC. 1704. TRAINING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M EMBERS OF BOARDS FOR THE CORREC -
TION OF MILITARY RECORDS .—Section 534(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1552 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This cur-riculum shall also address the proper han-dling of claims in which sexual assault is al-leged to have contributed to the original characterization of the discharge or release of the claimant, including guidelines for the consideration of evidence substantiating such allegations in accordance with the re-quirements of section 1554b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL  W
HOINVESTIGATE CLAIMS OF RETALIATION .— Section 546(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 is amended by striking ‘‘section.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section, including guidelines for the consideration of evidence substantiating such allegations in accordance with the re-quirements of section 1554b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1705. OTHER IMPROVEMENTS TO AUTHORI-TIES AND PROCEDURES FOR THE CORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS. 
(a) B OARDS FOR THE CORRECTION OF MILI-
TARY RECORDS .— (1) U
SE OF SECRETARIAL AUTHORITY TO COR -
RECT MILITARY RECORDS .—Section 1552(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘shall’’. (2) I
NDEXING OF PUBLISHED DECISIONS .— Paragraph (5) of section 1552(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) Each final decision of a board under this subsection shall be made available to the public in electronic form on a centralized Internet website. The information provided shall include a summary of each decision, to be indexed by subject matter, except that the Secretary shall protect the privacy of claimants by redacting all personally identi-fiable information.’’. (b) D
ISCHARGE REVIEW BOARDS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF 15 -YEAR STATUTE OF LIMITA -
TIONS ON MOTIONS OR REQUESTS FOR REVIEW .— Section 1553(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sen-tence. (2) T
ELEPHONIC PRESENTATION OF EVI -
DENCE .—Section 1553(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the second sen-tence by striking ‘‘or by affidavit’’ and in-serting ‘‘, by affidavit, or by telephone or video conference’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2018. SEC. 1706. BURDENS OF PROOF APPLICABLE TO INVESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS RE-LATED TO PROTECTED COMMUNICA-TIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND PROHIBITED RETALIA-TORY ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (i) and (j) as subsections (j) and (k), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection (i): ‘‘(i)(1) For purposes of this section, there is sufficient basis to conclude that a personnel action prohibited by subsection (b) has oc-curred if the communication made by the member or former member was a contrib-uting factor in the personnel action that was taken, or is to be taken, against the member or former member unless there is clear and convincing evidence that the same personnel action would have been taken in the absence of the communication. ‘‘(2) A member or former member may demonstrate that the communication was a contributing factor in the personnel action through circumstantial evidence, such as evidence that— ‘‘(A) the official taking the personnel ac-tion knew of the communication; and ‘‘(B) the personnel action occurred within a period of time such that a reasonable per-son could conclude that the communication was a contributing factor in the personnel action.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to allegations pending or submitted under section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, on or after that date. 
SEC. 1707. ADMINISTRATIVE SEPARATION PRO-TECTIONS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE SUR-VIVORS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) C OVERED MEMBER DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered member’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who is diag-nosed with a mental health condition related to a sexual assault that occurred during the member’s service in the Armed Forces. (b) L
IMITATIONS ON SEPARATION FOR A MEN-
TALDISORDER NOTCONSTITUTING A PHYSICAL  D
ISABILITY .— (1) R
EVIEW OF DIAGNOSIS .—A covered mem-ber shall not be separated on the basis of a personality disorder or other mental disorder not constituting a physical disability, unless the diagnosis of such disorder has been— (A) corroborated by a peer or higher-level mental health professional; and (B) endorsed by the Surgeon General of the military department concerned. (2) C
O-MORBID PTSD DIAGNOSIS .—Unless found fit for duty by the disability evalua-tion system, a covered member shall not be separated on the basis of a personality dis-order or other mental disorder not consti-tuting a physical disability if service-related post-traumatic stress disorder is also diag-nosed. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 1708. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE WORKING GROUP ON ADMINISTRATIVE RE-VIEW BOARDS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a De-partment of Defense working group for the purpose of identifying and making rec-ommendations to the Secretary on best prac-tices and procedures to be used by boards for the correction of military records and dis-charge review boards in carrying out their responsibilities under chapter 79 of title 10, United States Code, and in granting relief to claimants under that chapter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.095 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4464 July 27, 2017 
(b) C ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the re-sponsibilities of the working group, members of the group shall consult, as appropriate, with civilian practitioners of military law and representatives of organizations that have experience in cases before boards for the correction of military records and dis-charge review boards. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the establishment of the working group, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing the findings and rec-ommendations of the working group. (2) S
UBSEQUENT REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the establishment of the working group, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in subparagraph (B) a report containing an evaluation conducted by the working group of all the recommendations of the working group that have been or are being imple-mented by boards for the correction of mili-tary records and discharge review boards of the military departments, including the re-sults of the implementation of such rec-ommendations. (B) C
OMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .—The com-mittees of Congress referred to in this sub-paragraph are— (i) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 456. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ELIMINATION OF SEQUESTRATION. 
The Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 251(a) (2 U.S.C. 901(a))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Within’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year begin-ning before October 1, 2017, within’’; (B) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘be-ginning before October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘fiscal year’’; (C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year beginning be-fore October 1, 2017, if’’; and (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year beginning before October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘any discretionary appropriation’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year begin-ning before October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘any dis-cretionary appropriation’’; and (2) in section 254 (2 U.S.C. 904)— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding the table, by inserting ‘‘beginning be-fore October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘any budget year’’; (B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; (C) in subsection (f)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (D) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year beginning be-fore October 1, 2017, if’’. SA 457. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS OF EMPLOYEES OF THE MILITARY CHILD CARE SYSTEM AND PRO-VIDERS OF CHILD CARE SERVICES AND YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES FOR MILITARY DEPENDENTS. 
(a) E MPLOYEES OF MILITARY CHILD CARE S
YSTEM .—Section 1792 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) C
RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—The criminal background check of child care em-ployees under this section that is required pursuant to section 231 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13041) shall be con-ducted pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense in accordance with the provisions of section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f).’’. (b) P
ROVIDERS OF CHILD CARESERVICES AND  Y
OUTH PROGRAM SERVICES .—Section 1798 of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—A pro- vider of child care services or youth program services may not provide such services under this section unless such provider complies with the requirements for criminal back-ground checks under section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f) for the State in which such services are provided.’’. 
SA 458. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 705 and insert the following: 
SEC. 705. SPECIFICATION THAT INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE AGE OF 21 ARE ELIGI-BLE FOR HOSPICE CARE SERVICES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 1079(a)(15) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the pe-riod at the end the following: ‘‘, except that hospice care may be provided to an indi-vidual under the age of 21 concurrently with health care services or hospitalization for the same condition.’’. 
SA 459. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM TO IMPROVE INCEN-TIVES FOR TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER FROM DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of distributing royalties and other payments as described in this section. Under the pilot program, except as provided in subsections (b) and (d), any royalties or other payments received by a Federal agency from the licensing and as-signment of inventions under agreements en-tered into by Department of Defense labora-tories, and from the licensing of inventions of Department of Defense laboratories, shall be retained by the laboratory which pro-duced the invention and shall be disposed of as follows: (1)(A) The laboratory director shall pay each year the first $2,000, and thereafter at least 20 percent, of the royalties or other payments, other than payments of patent costs as delineated by a license or assign-ment agreement, to the inventor or coinven-tors, if the inventor’s or coinventor’s rights are directly assigned to the United States. (B) A laboratory director may provide ap-propriate incentives, from royalties or other payments, to laboratory employees who are not an inventor of such inventions but who substantially increased the technical value of the inventions. (C) The laboratory shall retain the royal-ties and other payments received from an in-vention until the laboratory makes pay-ments to employees of a laboratory under subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The balance of the royalties or other payments shall be transferred by the agency to its laboratories, with the majority share of the royalties or other payments from any invention going to the laboratory where the invention occurred. The royalties or other payments so transferred to any laboratory may be used or obligated by that laboratory during the fiscal year in which they are re-ceived or during the 2 succeeding fiscal years— (A) to reward scientific, engineering, and technical employees of the laboratory, in-cluding developers of sensitive or classified technology, regardless of whether the tech-nology has commercial applications; (B) to further scientific exchange among the laboratories of the agency; (C) for education and training of employees consistent with the research and develop-ment missions and objectives of the agency or laboratory, and for other activities that increase the potential for transfer of the technology of the laboratories of the agency; (D) for payment of expenses incidental to the administration and licensing of intellec-tual property by the agency or laboratory with respect to inventions made at that lab-oratory, including the fees or other costs for the services of other agencies, persons, or or-ganizations for intellectual property man-agement and licensing services; or (E) for scientific research and development consistent with the research and develop-ment missions and objectives of the labora-tory. (3) All royalties or other payments re-tained by the laboratory after payments have been made pursuant to paragraphs (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.095 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4465 July 27, 2017 
and (2) that are unobligated and unexpended at the end of the second fiscal year suc-ceeding the fiscal year in which the royalties and other payments were received shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States. (b) T
REATMENT OF PAYMENTS TO EMPLOY -
EES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any payment made to an employee under the pilot program shall be in addition to the regular pay of the employee and to any other awards made to the em-ployee, and shall not affect the entitlement of the employee to any regular pay, annuity, or award to which the employee is otherwise entitled or for which the employee is other-wise eligible or limit the amount thereof. Any payment made to an inventor as such shall continue after the inventor leaves the laboratory. (2) C
UMULATIVE PAYMENTS .—(A) Cumu-lative payments made under the pilot pro-gram while the inventor is still employed at the laboratory shall not exceed $500,000 per year to any one person, unless the Secretary concerned (as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code) approves a larg-er award. (B) Cumulative payments made under the pilot program after the inventor leaves the laboratory shall not exceed $150,000 per year to any one person, unless the head of the agency approves a larger award (with the ex-cess over $150,000 being treated as an agency award to a former employee under section 4505 of title 5, United States Code). (c) I
NVENTION MANAGEMENT SERVICES .— Under the pilot program, a laboratory re-ceiving royalties or other payments as a re-sult of invention management services per-formed for another Federal agency or labora-tory under section 207 of title 35, United States Code, may retain such royalties or payments to the extent required to offset payments to inventors under subparagraph (A) of subsection (a)(1), costs and expenses incurred under subparagraph (D) of sub-section (a)(2), and the cost of foreign pat-enting and maintenance for any invention of the other agency. All royalties and other payments remaining after offsetting the pay-ments to inventors, costs, and expenses de-scribed in the preceding sentence shall be transferred to the agency for which the serv-ices were performed, for distribution in ac-cordance with subsection (a)(2). (d) C
ERTAIN ASSIGNMENTS .—Under the pilot program, if the invention involved was one assigned to the laboratory— (1) by a contractor, grantee, or participant, or an employee of a contractor, grantee, or participant, in an agreement or other ar-rangement with the agency; or (2) by an employee of the agency who was not working in the laboratory at the time the invention was made, the agency unit that was involved in such as-signment shall be considered to be a labora-tory for purposes of this section. (e) S
UNSET .—The pilot program under this section shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 460. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. NORTH KOREA STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT ON STRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report that sets forth a strat-egy of the United States with respect to North Korea. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A description and assessment of the pri-mary threats to United States national secu-rity interests from North Korea. (2) A description of support from foreign nations for North Korea’s nuclear and bal-listic missile programs. (3) A description of the economic, political, and trade relationships between China and North Korea and Russia and North Korea, in-cluding trends in those relationships and their impact on the Government of North Korea. (4) A description of the economic, political, and trade relationships between other coun-tries and North Korea, and an identification of countries that may be undermining United States objectives identified in para-graph (5). (5) The desired end state in North Korea and current United States objectives relative to security threats emanating from North Korea. (6) A detailed roadmap to reach the end state and objectives identified in paragraph (5) through unilateral and multilateral diplo-matic and economic means, including timelines for each element of the roadmap. (7) An identification of the resources and authorities necessary to carry out the road-map described in paragraph (6). (8) A description of operational plans and associated military requirements for the protection of United States national security interests relative to threats from North Korea. (9) An identification of any capability gaps and resource gaps that would impact the exe-cution of any associated operational plan, and a mitigation plan to address such gaps. (10) An assessment of current and desired partner nation contributions to countering threats from North Korea and a plan to en-hance diplomatic, economic, and military cooperation with nations that have shared security interests. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES REQUIRED .—The President shall provide Congress with a quarterly written progress report on the im-plementation of the strategy required pursu-ant to subsection (a) in unclassified form. 
SA 461. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. COLLABORATION ON CYBERSECURITY OF INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS FOR CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy shall collabo-rate with respect to matters relating to the cybersecurity of industrial control systems for critical infrastructure, including with re-spect to— (1) the work of the Department of Energy on the cybersecurity of energy delivery sys-tems; and (2) the work of the Department of Defense on platform information technology. (b) CENTER OF EXCELLENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established a cen-ter of excellence on the cybersecurity of in-dustrial control systems for critical infra-structure. (2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The center of excellence established under paragraph (1) shall be com-posed of representatives of— (A) the Department of Defense; (B) the Department of Energy, including national laboratories of the Department of Energy; and (C) the Department of Homeland Security. 
SA 462. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ARMY MILITARY VALUE ANALYSIS MODEL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing (1) The Military Value Analysis model of the Army has been a key determinant for the force structure and strategic basing deci-sions of the Army in recent years. (2) The Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives have determined that a lack of transparency regarding process, metrics, and scoring on the matters covered by the Military Value Analysis model has made proper oversight of the Army by Congress far more difficult. (b) L
IMITATION ON ARMY BASING DECISIONS  P
ENDING REPORT ON MODEL .—The Secretary of the Army may not make any basing deci-sion with respect to the Army during the pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report required by subsection (c). (c) R
EPORT ON UPDATED MODEL .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an update of the Mili-tary Value Analysis model of the Army. (2) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall update the Military Value Analysis model for pur-poses of the report required by paragraph (1) following a review undertaken by the Sec-retary for purposes of the update. The review and update shall address and appropriately incorporate the following: (A) Qualitative and quantitative criteria and sub-criteria to be used for force struc-ture and strategic basing decisions, includ-ing quantitative and qualitative measures on the average daily use of, and accessibility to, maneuver training acreage. (B) Deployment criteria using a measure of the time required to deploy a unit of action from its home installation to its deployment site, including the transportation of unit personnel by military aircraft, and transpor-tation of the commonly defined set of unit equipment to its designated out-port for de-ployment. (d) S
CORING DATA FOR FORCE STRUCTURE  
ANDMAJOR BASING DECISIONS .—After making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.072 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4466 July 27, 2017 
a force structure or major basing decision for the Army, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth the scoring data developed pursuant to the Military Value Analysis model of the Army with respect to each military installation considered for purposes of the decision. 
SA 463. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle H—Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Anti- Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1092. HIRING FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376; 6 U.S.C. 221) is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion may waive the application of subsection (a)(1) in the following circumstances: ‘‘(1) In the case of a current, full-time law enforcement officer employed by a State or local law enforcement agency, if such offi-cer— ‘‘(A) has served as a law enforcement offi-cer for not fewer than three years with no break in service; ‘‘(B) is authorized by law to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, inves-tigation, or prosecution of, or the incarcer-ation of any person for, any violation of law, and has statutory powers for arrest or appre-hension; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) has, within the past ten years, suc-cessfully completed a polygraph examination as a condition of employment with such offi-cer’s current law enforcement agency. ‘‘(2) In the case of a current, full-time Fed-eral law enforcement officer, if such officer— ‘‘(A) has served as a law enforcement offi-cer for not fewer than three years with no break in service; ‘‘(B) has authority to make arrests, con-duct investigations, conduct searches, make seizures, carry firearms, and serve orders, warrants, and other processes; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) holds a current Tier 4 background in-vestigation or current Tier 5 background in-vestigation. ‘‘(3) In the case of an individual who is a member of the Armed Forces (or a reserve component thereof) or a veteran, if such in-dividual— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) holds, or has held within the past five years, a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance; ‘‘(C) holds, or has undergone within the past five years, a current Tier 4 background investigation or current Tier 5 background investigation; ‘‘(D) received, or is eligible to receive, an honorable discharge from service in the Armed Forces and has not engaged in crimi-nal activity or committed a serious military or civil offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; and ‘‘(E) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance referred to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) TERMINATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The authority to issue a waiver under sub-section (b) shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2017.’’. 
SEC. 1093. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY AND DEFINITIONS. 
(a) S UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 4 of the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY. 
‘‘(a) N ON-EXEMPTION .—An individual who receives a waiver under subsection (b) of sec-tion 3 is not exempt from other hiring re-quirements relating to suitability for em-ployment and eligibility to hold a national security designated position, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(b) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Any in- dividual who receives a waiver under sub-section (b) of section 3 who holds a current Tier 4 background investigation shall be sub-ject to a Tier 5 background investigation. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF POLYGRAPH EXAM-
INATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is authorized to ad-minister a polygraph examination to an ap-plicant or employee who is eligible for or re-ceives a waiver under subsection (b) of sec-tion 3 if information is discovered prior to the completion of a background investiga-tion that results in a determination that a polygraph examination is necessary to make a final determination regarding suitability for employment or continued employment, as the case may be.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017, and annually thereafter while the waiver authority under section 3(b) is in ef-fect, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit a report to Congress that includes, with respect to the reporting period— ‘‘(1) the number of waivers requested, granted, and denied under section 3(b); ‘‘(2) the reasons for any denials of such waiver; ‘‘(3) the percentage of applicants who were hired after receiving a waiver; ‘‘(4) the number of instances that a poly-graph was administered to an applicant who initially received a waiver and the results of such polygraph; ‘‘(5) an assessment of the current impact of the polygraph waiver program on filling law enforcement positions at U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(6) additional authorities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to better uti-lize the polygraph waiver program for its in-tended goals. ‘‘(b) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The first report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) an analysis of other methods of em-ployment suitability tests that detect decep-tion and could be used in conjunction with traditional background investigations to evaluate potential employees for suitability; and ‘‘(2) a recommendation regarding whether a test referred to in paragraph (1) should be adopted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion when the polygraph examination re-quirement is waived pursuant to section 3(b).’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—The Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010, as amended by subsection (b) of this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘Federal law enforcement officer’ means a ‘law enforcement officer’, as defined in section 8331(20) or 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(3) S
ERIOUS MILITARY OR CIVIL OFFENSE .— The term ‘serious military or civil offense’ means an offense for which— ‘‘(A) a member of the Armed Forces may be discharged or separated from service in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) a punitive discharge is, or would be, authorized for the same or a closely related offense under the Manual for Courts-Martial, as pursuant to Army Regulation 635-200 chapter 14-12. ‘‘(4) T
IER 4; TIER 5 .—The terms ‘Tier 4’ and ‘Tier 5’ with respect to background inves-tigations have the meaning given such terms under the 2012 Federal Investigative Stand-ards.’’. 
SA 464. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ANNUAL REPORTS ON ALLIED CON-TRIBUTIONS TO THE COMMON DE-FENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should seek from each ally or partner country of the United States acceptance of international security responsibilities and agreements to make contributions to the common defense commensurate with the economic resources and security environment of such country. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2018, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing a description of— (A) the annual defense spending by each ally or partner country of the United States, including available data on nominal budget figures and defense spending as a percentage of such country’s gross domestic product for the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; (B) the activities of each such country to contribute to military or stability oper-ations in which the Armed Forces of the United States are a participant; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.075 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4467 July 27, 2017 
(C) any limitations placed by any such country on the use of such contributions; and (D) any actions undertaken by the United States or by other countries to minimize such limitations. (2) F
ORM.—Each report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘ally’’ includes the following: (A) Any signatory of a mutual defense treaty with the United States. (B) Any country designated as a ‘‘major non-NATO ally’’ under section 2350a of title 10, United States Code, or pursuant to sec-tion 517 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321k). (C) Any other ally or partner with a secu-rity memorandum of understanding or other security arrangement with the United States. 
SA 465. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. MILITARY HUMANITARIAN OPER-ATIONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Military Humanitarian Oper-ations Act of 2017’’. (b) M
ILITARY HUMANITARIAN OPERATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military humanitarian operation’’— (1) means a military operation— (A) involving the deployment of members or weapons systems of the United States Armed Forces where hostile activities are reasonably anticipated; and (B) with the aim of— (i) preventing or responding to a humani-tarian catastrophe, including its regional consequences; or (ii) addressing a threat posed to inter-national peace and security; (2) includes— (A) operations undertaken pursuant to the principle of the ‘‘responsibility to protect’’, as referenced in United Nations Security Council Resolution 1674 (2006); (B) operations specifically authorized by the United Nations Security Council, or other international organizations; and (C) unilateral deployments and deploy-ments made in coordination with inter-national organizations, treaty-based organi-zations, or coalitions formed to address spe-cific humanitarian catastrophes; and (3) does not mean a military operation un-dertaken— (A) to respond to or repel attacks, or pre-vent imminent attacks, on the United States or any of its territorial possessions, embas-sies, or consulates, or members of the United States Armed Forces; (B) as a direct act of reprisal for attacks on the United States or any of its territorial possessions, embassies, or consulates, or members of the United States Armed Forces; (C) to invoke the inherent right to indi-vidual or collective self-defense in accord-ance with Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations; (D) as a military mission to protect or res-cue United States citizens or military or dip-lomatic personnel abroad; (E) to carry out treaty commitments to di-rectly aid allies in distress; (F) as a humanitarian mission, not to ex-ceed 30 days, in response to natural disasters where no civil unrest or combat with hostile forces is reasonably anticipated; (G) to maintain maritime freedom of navi-gation, including actions aimed at com-bating piracy; or (H) as a training exercise conducted by the United States Armed Forces abroad where no combat with hostile forces is reasonably an-ticipated. (c) CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORIZATION RE-
QUIREMENT .—The President may not deploy members of the United States Armed Forces into the territory, airspace, or waters of a foreign country for a military humanitarian operation not previously authorized by stat-ute unless— (1) the President submits to Congress a for-mal request for authorization to use mem-bers of the Armed Forces for the military humanitarian operation; and (2) Congress specifically authorizes such use of forces. (d) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this section is held to be unconstitutional, the re-mainder of the section shall not be affected. 
SA 466. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1083. 
SA 467. Mr. LEE (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DETENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAW-FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) No citizen or lawful permanent resi-dent of the United States shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States except consistent with the Constitution and pursuant to an Act of Congress that ex-pressly authorizes such imprisonment or de-tention.’’. (b) R
ELATIONSHIP TO AN AUTHORIZATION TO  U
SEMILITARY FORCE , DECLARATION OF WAR, 
ORSIMILAR AUTHORITY .—Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a) is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to an authoriza-tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018. ‘‘(3) This section shall not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. SA 468. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE DIS-APPEARANCE OF DAVID SNEDDON. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) David Louis Sneddon is a United States citizen who disappeared while touring the Yunnan Province in the People’s Republic of China as a university student on August 14, 2004, at the age of 24. (2) David had last reported to family mem-bers prior to his disappearance that he in-tended to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge in the Yunnan Province before returning to the United States and had placed a down pay-ment on student housing for the upcoming academic year, planned business meetings, and scheduled law school entrance examina-tions in the United States for the fall. (3) People’s Republic of China officials have reported to the Department of State and the family of David that he most likely died by falling into the Jinsha River while hiking the Tiger Leaping Gorge, although no physical evidence or eyewitness testimony exists to support this conclusion. (4) There is evidence indicating that David did not fall into the river when he traveled through the gorge, including eyewitness tes-timonies from people who saw David alive and spoke to him in person after his hike, as recorded by members of David’s family and by embassy officials from the Department of State in the months after his disappearance. (5) Family members searching for David shortly after he went missing obtained eye-witness accounts that David stayed over-night in several guesthouses during and after his safe hike through the gorge, and these guesthouse locations suggest that David dis-appeared after passing through the gorge, but the guest registers recording the names and passport numbers of foreign overnight guests could not be accessed. (6) Chinese officials have reported that evi-dence does not exist that David was a victim of violent crime, or a resident in a local hos-pital, prison, or mental institution at the time of his disappearance, and no attempt has been made to use David’s passport since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.075 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4468 July 27, 2017 
the time of his disappearance, nor has any money been withdrawn from his bank ac-count since that time. (7) David Sneddon is the only United States citizen to disappear without expla-nation in the People’s Republic of China since the normalization of relations between the United States and China during the ad-ministration of President Richard Nixon. (8) Investigative reporters and nongovern-mental organizations with expertise in the Asia-Pacific region, and in some cases par-ticular expertise in the Asian Underground Railroad and North Korea’s documented pro-gram to kidnap citizens of foreign nations for espionage purposes, have repeatedly raised the possibility that the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) was involved in David’s dis-appearance. (9) Investigative reporters and nongovern-mental organizations who have reviewed Da-vid’s case believe it is possible that the Gov-ernment of North Korea was involved in Da-vid’s disappearance because— (A) the Yunnan Province is regarded by re-gional experts as an area frequently traf-ficked by North Korean refugees and their support networks, and the Government of the People’s Republic of China allows North Korean agents to operate throughout the re-gion to repatriate refugees, such as promi-nent North Korean defector Kang Byong-sop and members of his family who were cap-tured near the China-Laos border just weeks prior to David’s disappearance; (B) in 2002, North Korean officials acknowl-edged that the Government of North Korea has carried out a policy since the 1970s of ab-ducting foreign citizens and holding them captive in North Korea for the purpose of training its intelligence and military per-sonnel in critical language and culture skills to infiltrate foreign nations; (C) Charles Robert Jenkins, a United States soldier who deserted his unit in South Korea in 1965 and was held captive in North Korea for nearly 40 years, left North Korea in July 2004 (one month before David dis-appeared in China) and Jenkins reported that he was forced to teach English to North Korean intelligence and military personnel while in captivity; (D) David Sneddon is fluent in the Korean language and was learning Mandarin, skills that could have been appealing to the Gov-ernment of North Korea after Charles Jen-kins left the country; (E) tensions between the United States and North Korea were heightened during the summer of 2004 due to recent approval of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–333) that increased United States aid to refugees fleeing North Korea, prompting the Government of North Korea to issue a press release warning the United States to ‘‘drop its hostile policy’’; (F) David Sneddon’s disappearance fits a known pattern often seen in the abduction of foreigners by the Government of North Korea, including the fact that David dis-appeared the day before North Korea’s Lib-eration Day patriotic national holiday, and the Government of North Korea has a dem-onstrated history of provocations near dates it deems historically significant; (G) a well-reputed Japanese non-profit spe-cializing in North Korean abductions shared with the United States its expert analysis in 2012 about information it stated was received ‘‘from a reliable source’’ that a United States university student largely matching David Sneddon’s description was taken from China by North Korean agents in August 2004; and (H) commentary published in the Wall Street Journal in 2013 cited experts looking at the Sneddon case who concluded that ‘‘it is most probable that a U.S. national has been abducted to North Korea,’’ and ‘‘there is a strong possibility that North Korea kid-napped the American’’. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—The Senate— (1) expresses its ongoing concern about the disappearance of David Louis Sneddon in Yunnan Province, People’s Republic of China, in August, 2004; (2) directs the Department of State and the intelligence community to jointly continue investigations and to consider all plausible explanations for David’s disappearance, in-cluding the possibility of abduction by the Government of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea; (3) urges the Department of State and the intelligence community to coordinate inves-tigations with the Governments of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, Japan, and South Korea and solicit information from appro-priate regional affairs and law enforcement experts on plausible explanations for David’s disappearance; (4) encourages the Department of State and the intelligence community to work with foreign governments known to have diplomatic influence with the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to better investigate the possibility of the involvement of the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea in David Sneddon’s disappearance and to possibly seek his recovery; and (5) requests that the Department of State and the intelligence community continue to work with and inform Congress and the fam-ily of David Sneddon on efforts to possibly recover David and to resolve his disappear-ance. 
SA 469. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. GREATER SAGE-GROUSE PROTEC-TION AND RECOVERY. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to facilitate implementation of State management plans over a period of multiple, consecutive greater sage-grouse life cycles; and (2) to demonstrate the efficacy of the State management plans for the protection and re-covery of the greater sage-grouse. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
PLAN .—The term ‘‘Federal resource manage-ment plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public land pursu-ant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); and (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for National Forest System land pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Re-sources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (2) G
REATER SAGE -GROUSE .—The term ‘‘greater sage-grouse’’ means a sage-grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. (3) S
TATE MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘State management plan’’ means a State-ap-proved plan for the protection and recovery of the greater sage-grouse. (c) PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF GREATER  S
AGE-GROUSE .— (1) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 FIND -
INGS.— (A) D
ELAY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Interior may not modify or invalidate the finding of the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service announced in the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; 12-Month Finding on a Petition to List Greater Sage- Grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus) as an Endangered or Threatened Species’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 59858 (October 2, 2015)) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2027. (B) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—The delay re-quired under subparagraph (A) is and shall remain effective without regard to any other statute, regulation, court order, legal settle-ment, or any other provision of law or in eq-uity. (C) E
FFECT ON CONSERVATION STATUS .—The conservation status of the greater sage- grouse shall be considered not to warrant listing of the greater sage-grouse as an en-dangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2027. (2) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL LAND MAN -
AGEMENT AND STATE CONSERVATION AND MAN -
AGEMENT PLANS .— (A) P
ROHIBITION ON WITHDRAWAL AND MODI -
FICATION OF FEDERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—On notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may not make, modify, or ex-tend any withdrawal or amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for, as specified by the Governor in the notification, a period of not fewer than 5 years beginning on the date of the notification. (B) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—In the case of any State that provides notification under subparagraph (A), if any withdrawal was made, modified, or extended or any amend-ment or modification of a Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State was issued after June 1, 2014, and the withdrawal, amendment, or modi-fication altered the management of the greater sage-grouse or the habitat of the greater sage-grouse— (i) implementation and operation of the withdrawal, amendment, or modification shall be stayed to the extent that the with-drawal, amendment, or modification is in-consistent with the State management plan; and (ii) the Federal resource management plan, as in effect immediately before the with-drawal, amendment, or modification, shall apply instead with respect to the manage-ment of the greater sage-grouse and the habitat of the greater sage-grouse, to the ex-tent consistent with the State management plan. (C) D
ETERMINATION OF INCONSISTENCY .—Any disagreement regarding whether a with-drawal, amendment, or other modification of a Federal resource management plan is in-consistent with a State management plan shall be resolved by the Governor of the af-fected State. (3) R
ELATION TO NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
POLICY ACT OF 1969 .—With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State management plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the greater sage- grouse and the habitat of the greater sage- grouse under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.076 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4469 July 27, 2017 
4332(2)(C)) shall not have a preclusive effect on the approval or implementation of the major Federal action in that State. (4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2027, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing the imple-mentation by the Secretaries of, and the ef-fectiveness of, systems to monitor the status of greater sage-grouse on Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Secretaries. (5) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), this subsection, including any deter-mination made under paragraph (2)(C), shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SA 470. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. MECHANISMS TO FACILITATE THE OBTAINING BY MILITARY SPOUSES OF OCCUPATIONAL LICENSES OR CREDENTIALS IN OTHER STATES. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) develop and maintain a joint Federal- State clearing house to process the occupa-tional license and credential information of military spouses in order— (A) to facilitate the matching of such in-formation with State occupational licensure and credentialing requirements; and (B) to provide military spouses informa-tion on the actions required to obtain occu-pational licenses or credentials in other States; (2) develop and maintain an Internet website that serves as a one-stop resource on occupational licenses and credentials for military spouses that sets forth license and credential requirements for common occupa-tions in the States and provides assistance and other resources for military spouses seeking to obtain occupational licenses or credentials in other States; and (3) submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth an assess-ment of the feasibility and advisability of the establishment of a joint Federal-State task force dedicated to the elimination of unnecessary or duplicative occupational li-censure and credentialing requirements among the States, including through the use of alternative, less restrictive and burden-some forms of occupational regulation. 
SA 471. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. PUBLICATION OF CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE MODELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
UBLICATION OF MODELS AND DATA.— The Director of the Congressional Budget Of-fice shall make available to Members of Con-gress and make publicly available on the website of the Congressional Budget Office— ‘‘(1) each fiscal model, policy model, and data preparation routine used by the Con-gressional Budget Office in estimating the costs and other fiscal, social, or economic ef-fects of legislation, including estimates pre-pared under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) any update of a model or routine de-scribed in paragraph (1); ‘‘(3) subject to paragraph (4), for each esti-mate of the costs and other fiscal effects of legislation, including estimates prepared under subsection (a), the data, programs, models, assumptions, and other details of the computations used by the Congressional Budget Office in preparing the estimate, in a manner sufficient to permit replication by individuals not employed by the Congres-sional Budget Office; and ‘‘(4) for any data that is required not to be disclosed by the Congressional Budget Of-fice— ‘‘(A) a complete list of all data variables for such data; ‘‘(B) descriptive statistics for all data vari-ables for such data (including averages, standard deviations, number of observations, and correlations to other variables), to the extent that the descriptive statistics do not violate the rule against disclosure; ‘‘(C) a reference to the statute requiring that the data not be disclosed; and ‘‘(D) information regarding how to contact the individual or entity who has unrestricted access to the data.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply on and after the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 472. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 12, between lines 10 and 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 112. MEMBERSHIP IN HEALTH CARE SHAR-ING MINISTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) M
EMBERSHIP IN HEALTH CARE SHARING  
MINISTRY .—For purposes of this section, membership in a health care sharing min-istry (as defined in section 5000A(d)(2)(B)(ii)) shall be treated as coverage under a high de-ductible health plan.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 113. TREATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this Act, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(F) TREATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE  
SERVICES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Coverage under a direct primary care service arrangement shall be treated as coverage under a high deductible health plan. ‘‘(ii) D
IRECT PRIMARY CARE SERVICE AR -
RANGEMENT .—The term ‘direct primary care service arrangement’ means an arrangement under which an individual is provided cov-erage restricted to primary care services in exchange for a fixed periodic fee or payment for primary care services.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 114. SHORT-TERM LIMITED DURATION IN-SURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the preceding sections of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) S
HORT -TERM LIMITED DURATION INSUR -
ANCE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Short-term limited dura-tion insurance shall be treated as a high de-ductible health plan. ‘‘(ii) S
HORT -TERM LIMITED DURATION INSUR -
ANCE .—The term ‘short-term limited dura-tion insurance’ means health insurance cov-erage provided pursuant to a contract with an issuer which has an expiration date speci-fied in the contract which (without regard to any extensions which may be elected by the policyholder without the consent of the issuer or any guaranteed renewal of the con-tract offered by the issuer) is less than 12 months after the original effective date of the contract.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 115. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMITATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘
1⁄12of—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘
1⁄12of $10,800 ($29,500 in the case of a joint return).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (b) of section 223 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking paragraphs (3) and (5) and by redes-ignating paragraphs (4), (6), (7), and (8) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), respectively. (2) Paragraph (3) of section 223(b) of such Code (as so redesignated) is amended by striking the last sentence. (3) Section 223(g) of such Code is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection’’, (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’, (C) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3), (D) by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, and (E) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTION LIMITS .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2018, each dollar amount in subsection (b)(2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which such taxable year begins, de-termined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.076 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4470 July 27, 2017 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 116. PURCHASE OF INSURANCE FROM HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by section 110(a), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and any dependent (as de-fined in section 152, determined without re-gard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) thereof) of such individual’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘any dependent (as defined in section 152, determined without regard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) there-of) of such individual, and any child (as de-fined in section 152(f)(1)) of such individual who has not attained the age of 27 before the end of such individual’s taxable year’’, (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) H
EALTH INSURANCE MAY NOT BE PUR -
CHASED FROM ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any payment for insurance.’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (C)(iii), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C)(iv) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) a high deductible health plan but only to the extent of the portion of such expense in excess of— ‘‘(I) any amount allowable as a credit under section 36B for the taxable year with respect to such coverage, ‘‘(II) any amount allowable as a deduction under section 162(l) with respect to such cov-erage, or ‘‘(III) any amount excludable from gross income with respect to such coverage under section 106 (including by reason of section 125) or 402(l).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to amounts paid for expenses incurred for, and distributions made for, coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 117. SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL EXPENSES INCURRED BEFORE ES-TABLISHMENT OF HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MEDICAL EX -
PENSES INCURRED BEFORE ESTABLISHMENT OF  
ACCOUNT .—If a health savings account is es-tablished during the 60-day period beginning on the date that coverage of the account beneficiary under a high deductible health plan begins, then, solely for purposes of de-termining whether an amount paid is used for a qualified medical expense, such account shall be treated as having been established on the date that such coverage begins.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 118. EXCLUSION FROM HSAS OF HIGH DE-DUCTIBLE HEALTH PLANS INCLUD-ING COVERAGE FOR ABORTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following flush sen-tence: ‘‘A high deductible health plan shall not be treated as described in clause (v) if such plan includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 473. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following provisions are hereby repealed: (1) Subsection (d) of section 1302 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022); and, except for the purposes of applying section 1302(b) to sections 1252, 1301(a)(2), 1312(d)(3)(D), 1331, 1333, and 1334 of such Act, subsection (b) of such section 1302. (2) Section 1312(c) of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(c)). (3) Section 2701(a)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg(a)(1)). (4) Subsections (a), (b)(2), (c), and (d) of section 2702 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–1). (5) Section 2704 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–3), except for sub-section (e)(3) of such section. (6) Subsections (a) through (j) of section 2705 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–4). (7) Section 2707 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–6). (8) Subsections (a)(1) and (b) of section 2711 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–11). (9) Section 2713(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–13(a)). (10) Subsections (a), (b)(2), (d), and (e) of section 2718 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. §§ 300gg–18). (11) Section 2794(b)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–94(b)(2)), except for the purposes of applying 2794(b)(2) to sub-section 2794(a)(2) and subsection 1312(f)(2)(B) (42 U.S.C. § 18032(f)(2)(B)). (12) Section 1343 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18063). (b) G
UIDELINES .—The guidelines promul-gated pursuant to section 1302(d)(3) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(d)(3)) that are in effect on the date of enactment of this Act shall have no force or effect. 
SA 474. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 1 and all that follows and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. REPEAL OF THE PATIENT PROTEC-TION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AND THE HEALTH CARE AND EDU-CATION RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2010. 
(a) P ATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE  C
AREACT.—Effective on January 1, 2018, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is repealed and the pro-visions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. (b) HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION REC-
ONCILIATION ACT OF 2010.—Effective on Janu-ary 1, 2018, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 152) is repealed and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are re-stored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. 
SA 475. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 12, between lines 10 and 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 112. MEMBERSHIP IN HEALTH CARE SHAR-ING MINISTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) M
EMBERSHIP IN HEALTH CARE SHARING  
MINISTRY .—For purposes of this section, membership in a health care sharing min-istry (as defined in section 5000A(d)(2)(B)(ii)) shall be treated as coverage under a high de-ductible health plan.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 113. TREATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this Act, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(F) T
REATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE  
SERVICES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Coverage under a direct primary care service arrangement shall be treated as coverage under a high deductible health plan. ‘‘(ii) D
IRECT PRIMARY CARE SERVICE AR -
RANGEMENT .—The term ‘direct primary care service arrangement’ means an arrangement under which an individual is provided cov-erage restricted to primary care services in exchange for a fixed periodic fee or payment for primary care services.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 114. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMITATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘
1⁄12of—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘
1⁄12of $10,800 ($29,500 in the case of a joint return).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (b) of section 223 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking paragraphs (3) and (5) and by redes-ignating paragraphs (4), (6), (7), and (8) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), respectively. (2) Paragraph (3) of section 223(b) of such Code (as so redesignated) is amended by striking the last sentence. (3) Section 223(g) of such Code is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection’’, (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’, (C) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.115 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4471 July 27, 2017 
(D) by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, and (E) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTION LIMITS .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2018, each dollar amount in subsection (b)(2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which such taxable year begins, de-termined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 115. PURCHASE OF INSURANCE FROM HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by section 110(a), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and any dependent (as de-fined in section 152, determined without re-gard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) thereof) of such individual’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘any dependent (as defined in section 152, determined without regard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) there-of) of such individual, and any child (as de-fined in section 152(f)(1)) of such individual who has not attained the age of 27 before the end of such individual’s taxable year’’, (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) H
EALTH INSURANCE MAY NOT BE PUR -
CHASED FROM ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any payment for insurance.’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (C)(iii), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C)(iv) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) a high deductible health plan but only to the extent of the portion of such expense in excess of— ‘‘(I) any amount allowable as a credit under section 36B for the taxable year with respect to such coverage, ‘‘(II) any amount allowable as a deduction under section 162(l) with respect to such cov-erage, or ‘‘(III) any amount excludable from gross income with respect to such coverage under section 106 (including by reason of section 125) or 402(l).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to amounts paid for expenses incurred for, and distributions made for, coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 116. SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL EXPENSES INCURRED BEFORE ES-TABLISHMENT OF HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MEDICAL EX -
PENSES INCURRED BEFORE ESTABLISHMENT OF  
ACCOUNT .—If a health savings account is es-tablished during the 60-day period beginning on the date that coverage of the account beneficiary under a high deductible health plan begins, then, solely for purposes of de-termining whether an amount paid is used for a qualified medical expense, such account shall be treated as having been established on the date that such coverage begins.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 117. EXCLUSION FROM HSAS OF HIGH DE-DUCTIBLE HEALTH PLANS INCLUD-ING COVERAGE FOR ABORTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following flush sen-tence: ‘‘A high deductible health plan shall not be treated as described in clause (v) if such plan includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 476. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 18, strike lines 7 through 26 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 204. FUNDING FOR COST-SHARING PAY-MENTS. 
There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions au-thorized by the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (including adjustments to any prior obligations for such payments) for the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act and (except for payments authorized by section 1402 of such Act, as amended by section 209) ending on December 31, 2019. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, payments and other actions for adjustments to any obligations incurred for plan years 2018 and 2019 may be made through December 31, 2020. 
SEC. 205. REPEAL OF COST-SHARING SUBSIDY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by strik-ing section 1402. (b) P
RESERVATION OF COST-SHARING FOR IN-
DIANS .—The Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by inserting after section 1401 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1402. REDUCED COST-SHARING FOR CER-TAIN INDIVIDUALS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an eligible insured enrolled in a qualified health plan in the individual market through an Ex-change— ‘‘(1) the Secretary shall notify the issuer of the plan of such eligibility; and ‘‘(2) the issuer shall reduce the cost-shar-ing under the plan at the level and in the manner specified in subsection (c). ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE INSURED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible insured’ means an Indian (as defined in section 4(d) of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(d))) whose household income is not more than 300 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved. ‘‘(c) R
EDUCTION OF COST-SHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The issuer of the plan de-scribed in subsection (a) in which an eligible insured is enrolled shall eliminate any cost- sharing under the plan. ‘‘(2) I
TEMS OR SERVICES FURNISHED THROUGH  
INDIAN HEALTH PROVIDERS .—If an Indian (as so defined) enrolled in a qualified health plan is furnished an item or service directly by the Indian Health Service, an Indian Tribe, Tribal Organization, or Urban Indian Organi-zation or through referral under contract health services— ‘‘(A) no cost-sharing under the plan shall be imposed under the plan for such item or service; and ‘‘(B) the issuer of the plan shall not reduce the payment to any such entity for such item or service by the amount of any cost- sharing that would be due from the Indian but for subparagraph (A). ‘‘(d) PAYMENT .—The Secretary shall pay to the issuer of a qualified health plan the amount necessary to reflect the increase in actuarial value of the plan required by rea-son of this section. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any term used in this section which is also used in section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall have the meaning given such term by such sec-tion. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS ON REDUCTION .—No cost- sharing reduction shall be allowed under this section with respect to coverage for any month unless the month is a coverage month with respect to which a credit is allowed to the insured (or an applicable taxpayer on be-half of the insured) under section 36B of such Code. ‘‘(3) D
ATA USED FOR ELIGIBILITY .—Any de- termination under this section shall be made on the basis of the taxable year for which the advance determination is made under sec-tion 1412 and not the taxable year for which the credit under section 36B of such Code is allowed.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to cost- sharing reductions (and payments to issuers for such reductions) for plan years beginning after December 31, 2019. 
SA 477. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. AVAILABILITY ACROSS STATE LINES. 
The Secretary shall promulgate regula-tions permitting health insurance coverage to be sold across State lines. 
SA 478. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 550. CIVILIAN TRAINING FOR NATIONAL GUARD PILOTS AND SENSOR OPER-ATOR AIRCREWS OF MQ–9 UN-MANNED AERIAL VEHICLES. 
(a) C ONTRACTS FOR TRAINING .—The Chief of the National Guard Bureau may enter into one or more contracts with appropriate civil-ian entities in order to provide flying or op-erating training for National Guard pilots 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.115 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4472 July 27, 2017 
and sensor operator aircrew members in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle if the Chief of the National Guard Bureau determines that— (1) Air Force training units lack sufficient capacity to train such pilots or sensor oper-ator aircrew members for initial qualifica-tion in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle; (2) pilots or sensor operator aircrew mem-bers of Air National Guard units require con-tinuation training in order to remain cur-rent and qualified in the MQ-9 unmanned aerial vehicle; (3) non-combat continuation training in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle is nec-essary for such pilots or sensor operator air-crew members to achieve required levels of flying or operating proficiency; or (4) such training for such pilots or sensor operator aircrew members is necessary in order to meet requirements for the National Guard to provide pilots and sensor operator aircrew members qualified in the MQ–9 un-manned aerial vehicle for operations on ac-tive duty and in State status. (b) N
ATURE OF TRAINING UNDER CON-
TRACTS .—Any training provided pursuant to a contract under subsection (a) shall incor-porate a level of instruction that is equiva-lent to the instruction in the MQ–9 un-manned aerial vehicle provided to pilots and sensor operator aircrew members at Air Force training units. 
SA 479. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EMPOWERING FEDERAL EMPLOY-MENT FOR VETERANS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF VETERANS EMPLOY -
MENT PROGRAMS IN FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means— (i) the Department of State; (ii) the Department of the Treasury; (iii) the Department of Defense; (iv) the Department of Justice; (v) the Department of the Interior; (vi) the Department of Agriculture; (vii) the Department of Commerce; (viii) the Department of Labor; (ix) the Department of Health and Human Services; (x) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; (xi) the Department of Transportation; (xii) the Department of Energy; (xiii) the Department of Education; (xiv) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (xv) the Department of Homeland Security; (xvi) the Environmental Protection Agen-cy; (xvii) the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; (xviii) the Agency for International Devel-opment; (xix) the General Services Administration; (xx) the National Science Foundation; (xxi) the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; (xxii) the Office of Personnel Management; (xxiii) the Small Business Administration; (xxiv) the Social Security Administration; and (xxv) any other Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code) that the President may designate; (B) the term ‘‘transitioning member of the Armed Forces’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who is expected to be dis-charged or released from active duty in the Armed Forces within 180 days; and (C) the term ‘‘veterans employment offi-cial’’ means— (i) the head of a Veterans Employment Program Office established under paragraph (2)(A)(i); and (ii) an employee designated to carry out a Veterans Employment Program for a covered agency under paragraph (2)(A)(ii). (2) VETERANS EMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS .—The head of a covered agency shall— (A)(i) establish or maintain a Veterans Employment Program Office within the cov-ered agency; or (ii) designate an employee of the covered agency who shall have full-time responsi-bility for carrying out a Veterans Employ-ment Program for the covered agency; and (B) ensure the public availability of con-tact information for veterans employment officials to ensure engagement with prospec-tive applicants. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—A veterans employ-ment official of a covered agency shall— (A) enhance employment opportunities for veterans within the agency, consistent with law and merit system principles, including by developing and implementing— (i) the agency’s plan for promoting employ-ment opportunities for veterans; (ii) veterans recruitment programs; and (iii) training programs for veterans with disabilities; (B) coordinate and provide employment counseling and training programs to prospec-tive applicants to help match the skills and career aspirations of veterans to the needs of the agency, targeting high-demand Federal occupations that are projected to have heavy recruitment needs; (C) participate in skills-based, cross-gov-ernmental, and individual agency career de-velopment programs to leverage those pro-grams in matching veterans’ career aspira-tions with high-growth occupations; and (D) provide mandatory annual training to human resources employees and hiring man-agers of the agency concerning veterans’ em-ployment, including training on veterans’ preferences and special authorities for the hiring of veterans. (4) C
OORDINATION BY OFFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall facilitate co-ordination among veterans employment offi-cials, including appropriate sharing of re-sources and information to help match the skills and career aspirations of veterans to the needs of the agencies. (B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— (i) establish a Veterans Program Office to provide Government-wide leadership in re-cruitment and employment of veterans in the executive branch of the Federal Govern-ment; (ii) regularly convene veterans employ-ment officials for working-level meetings to share information on best practices, prospec-tive applicants, and strategies for matching veterans with appropriate employment; (iii) develop mandatory annual training for human resources employees and hiring man-agers of covered agencies concerning vet-erans’ employment, including training on veterans’ preferences and special authorities for the hiring of veterans; (iv) develop a skills-based, cross-govern-mental career development program for cov-ered agencies to leverage in matching vet-erans’ career aspirations with high-growth occupations; (v) promote the Federal Government as an employer of choice to transitioning members of the Armed Forces and veterans; (vi) market the talent, experience, and dedication of transitioning members of the Armed Forces and veterans to Federal agen-cies; and (vii) disseminate Federal employment in-formation to veterans and hiring officials. (C) ACCOUNTABILITY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment shall submit to Congress a report on— (i) progress made toward the sharing of re-sources among veterans employment offi-cials; (ii) progress made toward the sharing of in-formation among veterans employment offi-cials, including steps to promote face-to-face interaction and the use of Federal informa-tion gateways; (iii) the development and implementation of training programs for human resources employees and hiring managers of Federal agencies; (iv) career development programs for vet-erans seeking employment; and (v) efforts to promote the Federal Govern-ment as an employer of choice to transitioning members of the Armed Forces and veterans. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON VETERANS EM-
PLOYMENT .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—There is established an interagency council on matters relating to the employment of veterans. (B) D
ESIGNATION .—The council established under subparagraph (A) shall be known as the ‘‘Interagency Council on Veterans Em-ployment’’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Council’’). (2) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) C
OMPOSITION .—The Council shall con-sist of the heads of— (i) each covered agency (as defined in sub-section (a)(1)); and (ii) any other Executive agency (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code) that the President may designate. (B) C
O-CHAIRS .—The Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall serve as Co-Chairs of the Council. (C) V
ICE-CHAIR .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall serve as the Vice Chair of the Council. (3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Council shall include each of the following: (A) To advise and assist the President and the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement on matters relating to maintaining a coordinated Government-wide effort to in-crease the number of veterans employed by the Federal Government in positions that match the skills and career aspirations of veterans, by enhancing recruiting, hiring, re-tention, training and skills development, and job satisfaction. (B) To serve as a national forum for pro-moting employment opportunities for vet-erans in the executive branch of the Federal Government. (C) To establish performance measures to assess the effectiveness of efforts to promote recruiting, hiring, retention, training and skills development, and job satisfaction of veterans by the Federal Government. (D) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and not less fre-quently than once each year thereafter, to submit to the President and Congress a re-port on the effectiveness of those efforts. (4) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) D
UTIES OF CO -CHAIRS .—The Co-Chairs shall convene regular meetings of the Coun-cil, determine its agenda, and direct its work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.116 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4473 July 27, 2017 
(B) S TEERING COMMITTEE .—At the direction of the Co-Chairs, the Council may establish— (i) a Steering Committee to provide leader-ship, accountability, and strategic direction to the Council; and (ii) subgroups to promote coordination among veterans employment officials (as de-fined in subsection (a)(1)). (C) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Vice Chair shall designate an Executive Director for the Council to support the Vice Chair in man-aging the Council’s activities. (D) OPM.—The Office of Personnel Man-agement shall provide administrative sup-port for the Council to the extent permitted by law and within existing appropriations (as of the date of the provision). (c) E
XPANSION OF SKILLBRIDGE INITIATIVE  
TOINCLUDE PARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.— (1) M
ODIFICATION OF INITIATIVE BY SEC -
RETARY OF DEFENSE .—The Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall make such modifications to the SkillBridge initiative of the Department of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate to en-able Federal agencies to participate in the initiative as employers and trainers, includ-ing the provision of training by Federal agencies under the initiative to transitioning members of the Armed Forces. (2) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that each Federal agen-cy participates in the SkillBridge initiative of the Department of Defense as described in paragraph (1). (3) T
RANSITIONING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED  
FORCES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘transitioning member of the Armed Forces’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who is expected to be discharged or released from active duty in the Armed Forces not more than 180 days after the member commences training under the SkillBridge initiative. 
SA 480. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPENSATION AND CREDIT FOR RE-TIRED PAY PURPOSES FOR MATER-NITY LEAVE TAKEN BY MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Section 206(a) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) for each of 12 days in connection with the taking by the member of a period of ma-ternity leave.’’. (b) C
REDIT FOR RETIRED PAYPURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The period of maternity leave taken by a member of the reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces in connection with the birth of a child shall count toward the member’s entitlement to retired pay, and in connection with the years of service used in computing retired pay, under chapter 1223 of title 10, United States Code, as 12 points. (2) SEPARATE CREDIT FOR EACH PERIOD OF  
LEAVE .—Separate crediting of points shall accrue to a member pursuant to this sub-section for each period of maternity leave taken by the member in connection with a childbirth event. (3) W
HEN CREDITED .—Points credited a member for a period of maternity leave pur-suant to this subsection shall be credited in the year in which the period of maternity leave concerned commences. (4) C
ONTRIBUTION OF LEAVE TOWARD ENTI -
TLEMENT TO RETIRED PAY .—Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subparagraph (E) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) Points at the rate of 12 a year for the taking of maternity leave.’’. (5) C
OMPUTATION OF YEARS OF SERVICE FOR  
RETIRED PAY .—Section 12733 of such title is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) One day for each point credited to the person under subparagraph (F) of section 12732(a)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of maternity leave that commence on or after that date. 
SA 481. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPENSATION AND CREDIT FOR RE-TIRED PAY PURPOSES FOR MATER-NITY LEAVE TAKEN BY MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Section 206(a) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) for each of 12 days in connection with the taking by the member of a period of ma-ternity leave.’’. (b) C
REDIT FOR RETIRED PAYPURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The period of maternity leave taken by a member of the reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces in connection with the birth of a child shall count toward the member’s entitlement to retired pay, and in connection with the years of service used in computing retired pay, under chapter 1223 of title 10, United States Code, as 12 points. (2) S
EPARATE CREDIT FOR EACH PERIOD OF  
LEAVE .—Separate crediting of points shall accrue to a member pursuant to this sub-section for each period of maternity leave taken by the member in connection with a childbirth event. (3) W
HEN CREDITED .—Points credited a member for a period of maternity leave pur-suant to this subsection shall be credited in the year in which the period of maternity leave concerned commences. (4) CONTRIBUTION OF LEAVE TOWARD ENTI -
TLEMENT TO RETIRED PAY .—Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subparagraph (E) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) Points at the rate of 12 a year for the taking of maternity leave.’’. (5) C
OMPUTATION OF YEARS OF SERVICE FOR  
RETIRED PAY .—Section 12733 of such title is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) One day for each point credited to the person under subparagraph (F) of section 12732(a)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of maternity leave that commence on or after that date. 
SA 482. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE BIOSAFETY LEVEL 4 LABORA-TORIES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated under this Act or any other Act may be used to support the closure or transfer of any biosafety level 4 laboratory of the De-partment of Homeland Security or other fa-cility of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity that monitors chemical or biological threats. 
SA 483. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 953. NEW NAVY SHIP INTEGRATION AND DE-SIGN CENTER. 
The Secretary of the Navy shall establish at a current Naval Surface Warfare Center a new Navy Ship Integration and Design Cen-ter to support current and future Navy ves-sels acquisition programs in order to reduce costs due to inefficiencies and vessel design cycle times. 
SA 484. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.116 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4474 July 27, 2017 
In title VIII, strike subtitle E. 
SA 485. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 133. MODERNIZATION OF THE RADAR FOR F–16 FIGHTER AIRCRAFT OF THE NA-TIONAL GUARD. 
(a) M ODERNIZATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force shall take appro-priate actions to modernize the radars of F– 16 fighter aircraft of the National Guard by replacing legacy mechanically-scanned ra-dars for such aircraft with AESA radars. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan to modernize the ra-dars of F–16 fighter aircraft of the National Guard as required by subsection (a). 
SA 486. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle ll of title ll, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PLAN FOR DEVELOPMENT OF ENER-GETIC MATERIALS BY DEPARTMENT OF NAVY. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall develop a long-term science and technology plan for the development of ener-getic materials, both explosives and propel-lants. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 2, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the plan required by subsection (a). 
SA 487. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle H—Government Purchase and Travel Cards 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Gov-ernment Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1092. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
MPROPER PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘im-proper payment’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note). (2) QUESTIONABLE TRANSACTION .—The term ‘‘questionable transaction’’ means a charge card transaction that from initial card data appears to be high risk and may therefore be improper due to non-compliance with appli-cable law, regulation or policy. (3) S
TRATEGIC SOURCING .—The term ‘‘stra-tegic sourcing’’ means analyzing and modi-fying a Federal agency’s spending patterns to better leverage its purchasing power, re-duce costs, and improve overall performance. 
SEC. 1093. EXPANDED USE OF DATA ANALYTICS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator for General Services, shall develop a strategy to expand the use of data analytics in managing government purchase and travel charge card programs. These analytics may employ existing General Services Adminis-tration capabilities, and may be in conjunc-tion with agencies’ capabilities, for the pur-pose of— (1) identifying examples or patterns of questionable transactions and developing en-hanced tools and methods for agency use in— (A) identifying questionable purchase and travel card transactions; and (B) recovering improper payments made with purchase and travel cards; (2) identifying potential opportunities for agencies to further leverage administrative process streamlining and cost reduction from purchase and travel card use, including addi-tional agency opportunities for card-based strategic sourcing; (3) developing a set of purchase and travel card metrics and benchmarks for high-risk activities, which shall assist agencies in identifying potential emphasis areas for their purchase and travel card management and oversight activities, including those re-quired by the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194); and (4) developing a plan, which may be based on existing capabilities, to create a library of analytics tools and data sources for use by Federal agencies (including inspectors gen-eral of those agencies). 
SEC. 1094. GUIDANCE ON IMPROVING INFORMA-TION SHARING TO CURB IMPROPER PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of General Services and the inter-agency charge card data management group established under section 1095, shall issue guidance on improving information sharing by government agencies for the purposes of section 1093(a)(1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The guidance issued under subsection (a) shall— (1) require relevant officials at Federal agencies to identify high-risk activities and communicate that information to the appro-priate management levels within the agen-cies; (2) require that appropriate officials at Federal agencies review the reports issued by charge card-issuing banks on questionable transaction activity (such as purchase and travel card pre-suspension and suspension re-ports, delinquency reports, and exception re-ports), including transactions that occur with high-risk activities, and suspicious tim-ing or amounts of cash withdrawals or ad-vances; (3) provide for the appropriate sharing of information related to potential question-able transactions, fraud schemes, and high- risk activities with General Services Admin-istration Office of Charge Card Management and the appropriate officials in Federal agen-cies; (4) consider the recommendations made by Inspectors General or the best practices In-spectors General have identified; and (5) include other requirements determined appropriate by the Director for the purposes of carrying out this subtitle. SEC. 1095. INTERAGENCY CHARGE CARD DATA MANAGEMENT GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of General Services and the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall estab-lish a purchase and travel charge card data management group to develop and share best practices for the purposes described in sec-tion 1093(a). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The best practices devel-oped under subsection (a) shall— (1) cover rules, edits, and task order or contract modifications related to charge card-issuing banks; (2) include the review of accounts payable information and purchase and travel card transaction data of agencies for the purpose of identifying potential strategic sourcing and other additional opportunities (such as recurring payments, utility payments, and grant payments) for which the charge cards or related payment products could be used as a payment method; and (3) include other best practices as deter-mined by the Administrator and Director. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The purchase and travel charge card data management group shall meet regularly as determined by the co- chairs, for a duration of three years, and in-clude those agencies as described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Pre-vention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) and others identified by the Administrator and Director. 
SEC. 1096. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION RE-
PORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator for General Services shall submit a re-port to Congress on the implementation of this subtitle, including the metrics used in determining whether the analytic and benchmarking efforts have reduced, or con-tributed to the reduction of, questionable or improper payments as well as improved uti-lization of card-based payment products. (b) A
GENCY REPORTS AND CONSOLIDATED RE-
PORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) shall submit a report to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget on that agency’s activities to implement this subtitle. (c) O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall sub-mit to Congress a consolidated report of agency activities to implement this subtitle, which may be included as part of another re-port submitted to Congress by the Director. (d) R
EPORT ON ADDITIONAL SAVINGS OPPOR -
TUNITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall submit a report to Congress identifying and explor-ing further potential savings opportunities for government agencies under the Federal charge card programs. This report may be combined with the report required under subsection (a). 
SA 488. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.110 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4475 July 27, 2017 
and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1049. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF TEST SITES FOR RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT ON COUNTERING UN-MANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the armed unmanned aerial systems de-ployed by adversaries for military purposes pose a threat to military installations, crit-ical infrastructure, and members of the Armed Forces in conflict areas like Iraq and Syria; (2) the unmanned aerial systems test sites designated by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration offer unique capabilities, expertise, and airspace for research and development related to unmanned aerial systems; and (3) the Armed Forces should, to the extent practicable, seek to leverage the test sites described in paragraph (2) for research and development on capabilities to counter the nefarious use of unmanned aerial systems. 
SA 489. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 655, line 4, insert after ‘‘the Repub-lic of Korea and Japan’’ the following: ‘‘, and should fully consider actions to reassure the Republic of Korea and Japan of the enduring commitment of the United States to provide its full range of capabilities in their de-fense’’. 
SA 490. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. C ORNYN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1270E. ADVANCEMENTS IN DEFENSE CO-OPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND INDIA. 
(a) S TRATEGY TO FURTHER COOPERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, develop a strategy for advancing defense cooperation between the United States and India. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy shall address the following: (A) Common security challenges. (B) The role of United States partners and allies in the United States-India defense re-lationship. (C) The role of the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative. (D) How to advance the Communications Interoperability and Security Memorandum of Agreement and the Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement for Geospatial Co-operation. (E) The role of joint exercises, operations, patrols and mutual defense planning. (F) Any other matters the Secretary of De-fense or the Secretary of State considers ap-propriate. (b) INDIA AS MAJOR DEFENSE PARTNER .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (A) Subsection (a)(1)(A) of section 1292 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) requires the recognition of India as a major defense part-ner. (B) The President and the Prime Minister of India, in a joint statement, noted that India is a Major Defense Partner of the United States. (C) The designation of ‘‘Major Defense Partner’’ is unique to India, and institu-tionalizes the progress made to facilitate de-fense trade and technology sharing between the United States and India. (D) The designation elevates defense trade and technology cooperation between the United States and India to a level commen-surate with the closest allies and partners of the United States. (E) The designation is intended to facili-tate technology sharing between the United States and India, including license-free ac-cess to a wide range of dual-use technologies. (F) The designation facilitates joint exer-cises, coordination on defense strategy and policy, military exchanges, and port calls in support of defense cooperation between the United States and India. (2) I
NTERAGENCY DEFINITION .—The Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly produce a common definition of the term ‘‘Major Defense Partner’’ as it relates to India for joint use by the Department of De-fense, the Department of State, and the De-partment of Commerce. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR ENHANCED CO-
OPERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall make the designation required by subsection (a)(1)(B) of section 1292 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017. (2) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES .—In addition to the duties specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-section (a)(1)(B) of such section 1292, the in-dividual designated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall promote United States defense trade with India for the benefit of job creation and commercial competitiveness in the United States. (3) B
RIEFINGS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, appropriate offi-cials of the Office of the Secretary of Defense and appropriate officials of the Department of State shall brief the appropriate commit-tees of Congress on the actions of the De-partment of Defense and the Department of State, respectively, to promote the competi-tiveness of United States defense exports to India. The requirement for briefings under this paragraph shall cease on the date of the designation of an individual pursuant to paragraph (1). (4) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. SA 491. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Government Data Act’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3561 of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (c). (c) O
PENGOVERNMENT DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter III—Open Government Data ‘‘§ 3561. Definitions ‘‘As used in this subchapter— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 3502; and ‘‘(B) includes the Federal Election Com-mission; ‘‘(2) the term ‘data’ means recorded infor-mation, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(3) the term ‘data asset’ means a collec-tion of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(5) the term ‘Enterprise Data Inventory’ means a data inventory developed and main-tained under section 3563; ‘‘(6) the terms ‘information resources man-agement’, ‘information system’, and ‘infor-mation technology’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3502; ‘‘(7) the term ‘machine-readable’ means a format in which information or data can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no se-mantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(8) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as content, format, source, rights, accuracy, provenance, frequency, periodicity, granu-larity, publisher or responsible party, con-tact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(9) the term ‘open Government data asset’ means a data asset maintained by the Fed-eral Government that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available in an open format; ‘‘(C) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse; ‘‘(D) releasable to the public according to guidance issued by the Director under sec-tion 3562(d); and ‘‘(E) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organiza-tion; and ‘‘(10) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee applied to a data asset that the data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting. ‘‘§ 3562. Requirements for Government data ‘‘(a) M
ACHINE -READABLE DATAREQUIRED .— Open Government data assets made available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.110 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4476 July 27, 2017 
by an agency shall be published as machine- readable data. ‘‘(b) O
PEN BY DEFAULT AND OPENLICENSE  R
EQUIRED .—To the extent permitted by law and subject to privacy, confidentiality, and any other restrictions, and according to guidance issued by the Director under sub-section (d)— ‘‘(1) data assets maintained by the Federal Government shall— ‘‘(A) be available in an open format; and ‘‘(B) be available under open licenses; and ‘‘(2) open Government data assets pub-lished by or for an agency shall be made available under an open license. ‘‘(c) I
NNOVATION .—Each agency may engage with nongovernmental organizations, citi-zens, nonprofit organizations, colleges and universities, private and public companies, and other agencies to explore opportunities to leverage the data assets of the agency in a manner that may provide new opportuni-ties for innovation in the public and private sectors in accordance with law, regulation, and policy. ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE FOR OPEN BY DEFAULT AND  O
PENLICENSE REQUIREMENTS .—The Director shall issue guidance for agencies to use in implementing subsections (a) and (b), includ-ing criteria that the head of each agency shall use in determining whether to make a particular data asset publicly available in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(1) privacy and confidentiality risks and restrictions, including the risk that an indi-vidual data asset in isolation does not pose a privacy or confidentiality risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(2) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(3) the cost and benefits to the public of converting a data asset into a machine-read-able format that is accessible and useful to the public; ‘‘(4) the expectation that a data asset be disclosed, if it would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (com-monly known as the ‘Freedom of Informa-tion Act’); and ‘‘(5) any other considerations that the Di-rector determines to be relevant. ‘‘§ 3563. Enterprise Data Inventory ‘‘(a) A
GENCY DATAINVENTORY REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to develop a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of an agen-cy, the head of each agency, in consultation with the Director, shall develop and main-tain an enterprise data inventory that ac-counts for any data asset created, collected, under the control or direction of, or main-tained by the agency after the effective date of this section, with the goal of including all data assets, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each Enterprise Data In-ventory shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Data assets used in agency informa-tion systems (including program administra-tion, statistics, and financial activity) gen-erated by applications, devices, networks, fa-cilities, and equipment, categorized by source type. ‘‘(B) Data assets shared or maintained across agency programs and bureaus. ‘‘(C) Data assets that are shared among agencies or created by more than 1 agency. ‘‘(D) A clear indication of all data assets that can be made publicly available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’). ‘‘(E) A description of whether the agency has determined that an individual data asset may be made publicly available and whether the data asset is available to the public. ‘‘(F) Open Government data assets. ‘‘(G) Other elements as required by the guidance issued by the Director under sub-section (c). ‘‘(b) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Chief In-formation Officer of each agency, in coordi-nation with privacy and security officials of the agency, shall use the guidance issued by the Director under section 3562(d) in deter-mining whether to make data assets in-cluded in the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency publicly available in an open for-mat and under an open license. ‘‘(c) G
UIDANCE FOR ENTERPRISE DATA IN-
VENTORY .—The Director shall issue guidance for each Enterprise Data Inventory, includ-ing a requirement that an Enterprise Data Inventory includes a compilation of metadata about agency data assets. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF ENTERPRISE DATAIN-
VENTORY .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency— ‘‘(1) shall make the Enterprise Data Inven-tory of the agency available to the public on the Federal Data Catalog required under sec-tion 3566; ‘‘(2) shall ensure that access to the Enter-prise Data Inventory of the agency and the data contained therein is consistent with ap-plicable law, regulation, and policy; and ‘‘(3) may implement paragraph (1) in a manner that maintains a nonpublic portion of the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency. ‘‘(e) R
EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) to the extent practicable, complete the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section; and ‘‘(2) add additional data assets to the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 90 days after the date on which the data asset is created or identified. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—When practicable, the Chief Information Officer of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to compile and publish the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency. ‘‘§ 3564. Federal agency responsibilities ‘‘(a) I
NFORMATION RESOURCES MANAGE -
MENT .—With respect to general information resources management, each agency shall— ‘‘(1) improve the integrity, quality, and utility of information to all users within and outside the agency by— ‘‘(A) using open format for any new open Government data asset created or obtained on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, encouraging the adoption of open format for all open Gov-ernment data assets created or obtained be-fore the date described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Director, de-velop an open data plan that, at a minimum and to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) requires the agency to develop proc-esses and procedures that— ‘‘(i) require each new data collection mech-anism to use an open format; and ‘‘(ii) allow the agency to collaborate with non-Government entities, researchers, busi-nesses, and private citizens for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use open Government data assets; ‘‘(B) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and out-side of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability issues, recommendations for im-provements, and complaints about adherence to open data requirements; ‘‘(C) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, com-pleteness, accuracy, usefulness, and avail-ability of open Government data assets; ‘‘(D) requires the agency to update the plan at an interval determined by the Direc-tor; ‘‘(E) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan including technology, training for employees, and im-plementing procurement standards, in ac-cordance with existing law, regulation, and policy, that allow for the acquisition of inno-vative solutions from the public and private sectors; and ‘‘(F) prohibits the disclosure of data assets unless the data asset may be released to the public in accordance with guidance issued by the Director under section 3562(d). ‘‘(b) INFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—With re- spect to information dissemination, each agency— ‘‘(1) shall provide access to open Govern-ment data assets online; ‘‘(2) shall take the necessary precautions to ensure that the agency maintains the pro-duction and publication of data assets which are directly related to activities that protect the safety of human life or property, as iden-tified by the open data plan of the agency re-quired under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(3) may engage the public in using open Government data assets and encourage col-laboration by— ‘‘(A) publishing information on open Gov-ernment data assets usage in regular, timely intervals, but not less frequently than annu-ally; ‘‘(B) receiving public input regarding prior-ities for the analysis and disclosure of data assets to be published; ‘‘(C) assisting civil society groups and members of the public working to expand the use of open Government data assets; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to cre-ate additional value from open Government data assets. ‘‘§ 3565. Additional agency data asset manage-ment responsibilities ‘‘The Chief Information Officer of each agency, or other appropriate official des-ignated by the head of an agency, in collabo-ration with other internal agency stake-holders, is responsible for— ‘‘(1) data asset management, format stand-ardization, sharing of data assets, and publi-cation of data assets for the agency; ‘‘(2) the compilation and publication of the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency re-quired under section 3563; ‘‘(3) ensuring that agency data conforms with open data best practices; ‘‘(4) engaging agency employees, the pub-lic, and contractors in using open Govern-ment data assets and encouraging collabo-rative approaches to improving data use; ‘‘(5) supporting the agency Performance Improvement Officer in generating data to support the function of the Performance Im-provement Officer described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(6) supporting officials responsible for leading agency mission areas and Govern-mentwide initiatives in maximizing data available for program administration, statis-tics, evaluation, research, and internal fi-nancial management, subject to any privacy, confidentiality, security laws and policies, and other valid restrictions; ‘‘(7) reviewing the information technology infrastructure of the agency and the impact of the infrastructure on making data assets accessible to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset accessibility; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.053 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4477 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(8) ensuring that, to the extent prac-ticable, the agency is maximizing data as-sets used in agency information systems gen-erated by applications, devices, networks, fa-cilities, and equipment, categorized by source type, and such use is not otherwise prohibited, to reduce costs, improve oper-ations, and strengthen security and privacy protections; and ‘‘(9) identifying points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and implementation as required by the Di-rector. ‘‘§ 3566. Federal Data Catalog ‘‘(a) F
EDERAL DATA CATALOG REQUIRED .— The Administrator of General Services shall maintain a single public interface online, to be known as the ‘Federal Data Catalog’, as a point of entry dedicated to sharing open Government data assets with the public. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITH AGENCIES .—The Director shall determine, after consultation with the head of each agency and the Admin-istrator of General Services, the method to access any open Government data assets published through the interface described in subsection (a).’’. (2) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS .— (A) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Notwithstanding subsection (i), section 3562 of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any contract entered into by an agency on or after such effective date. (B) U
SE OF OPEN DATA ASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall en-sure that any activities by the agency or any new contract entered into by the agency meet the requirements of section 3562 of title 44, United States Code, as added by para-graph (1). (C) D
EADLINE FOR FEDERAL DATA CATA -
LOG.—Not later than 180 days after the effec-tive date of this section, the Administrator of General Services shall meet the require-ments of section 3566 of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1) (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA  ‘‘3561. Definitions. ‘‘3562. Requirements for Government data. ‘‘3563. Enterprise Data Inventory. ‘‘3564. Federal agency responsibilities. ‘‘3565. Additional agency data asset manage-ment responsibilities. ‘‘3566. Federal Data Catalog.’’. (d) E
VALUATION OF AGENCY ANALYTICAL CA-
PABILITIES .— (1) A
GENCY REVIEW OF EVALUATION AND  
ANALYSIS CAPABILITIES ; REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a report on the review described in paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF AGENCY REVIEW .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall as-sess the coverage, quality, methods, effec-tiveness, and independence of the evaluation, research, and analysis efforts of an agency, including each of the following: (A) A list of the activities and operations of the agency that are being evaluated and analyzed and the activities and operations that have been evaluated and analyzed dur-ing the previous 5 years. (B) The extent to which the evaluations, research, and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency. (C) The extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organiza-tional learning, ongoing program manage-ment, performance management, strategic management, interagency and private sector coordination, internal and external over-sight, and accountability. (D) The extent to which the agency uses methods and combinations of methods that are appropriate to agency divisions and the corresponding research questions being ad-dressed, including an appropriate combina-tion of formative and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches. (E) The extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel, agency process for planning and implementing evaluation ac-tivities, disseminating best practices and findings, and incorporating employee views and feedback. (F) The extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist front-line staff and pro-gram offices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations. (3) GAO REVIEW OF AGENCY REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that summarizes agency findings and highlights trends from the reports submitted under paragraph (1) and, if appropriate, rec-ommends actions to further improve agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support evaluation efforts. (e) O
NLINE REPOSITORY AND ADDITIONAL RE-
PORTS .— (1) R
EPOSITORY .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall collaborate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Services to develop and maintain an online repository of tools, best practices, and sche-ma standards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices, which shall— (A) include definitions, regulation and pol-icy, checklists, and case studies related to open data, this section, and the amendments made by this section; and (B) facilitate collaboration and the adop-tion of best practices across the Federal Gov-ernment relating to the adoption of open data practices. (2) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that identifies— (A) the value of information made avail-able to the public as a result of this section and the amendments made by this section; (B) whether it is valuable to expand the publicly available information to any other data assets; and (C) the completeness of the Enterprise Data Inventory at each agency required under section 3563 of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (c). (3) B
IENNIAL OMB REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agency performance and compliance with this sec-tion and the amendments made by this sec-tion. (4) A
GENCY CIO REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section and every year thereafter, the Chief Informa-tion Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on compli-ance with the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section, including information on the requirements that the agency could not meet and what the agency needs to comply with those require-ments. (f) GUIDANCE .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall delegate to the Administrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs and the Admin-istrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment the authority to jointly issue guidance required under this section. (g) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEMS .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall not apply to data assets that are contained in a national security system, as defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code. (h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall be construed to require the disclosure of information or records that may be withheld from public disclosure under any provision of Federal law, includ-ing section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act’’) and section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974’’). (i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 492. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REVIEW OF DISCHARGE CHARACTER-IZATION OF FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO WERE DIS-CHARGED BY REASON OF THE SEX-UAL ORIENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with this section, the appropriate discharge boards— (1) shall review the discharge characteriza-tion of covered members at the request of the covered member; and (2) if such characterization is any charac-terization except honorable, may change such characterization to honorable. (b) C
RITERIA .—In changing the discharge characterization of a covered member to honorable under subsection (a)(2), the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that such changes are carried out consistently and uni-formly across the military departments using the following criteria: (1) The original discharge must be based on Don’t Ask Don’t Tell (in this Act referred to as ‘‘DADT’’) or a similar policy in place prior to the enactment of DADT. (2) Such discharge characterization shall be so changed if, with respect to the original discharge, there were no aggravating cir-cumstances, such as misconduct, that would have independently led to a discharge char-acterization that was any characterization except honorable. For purposes of this para-graph, such aggravating circumstances may not include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.053 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4478 July 27, 2017 
(A) an offense under section 925 of title 10, United States Code (article 125 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), committed by a covered member against a person of the same sex with the consent of such person; or (B) statements, consensual sexual conduct, or consensual acts relating to sexual orienta-tion or identity, or the disclosure of such statements, conduct, or acts, that were pro-hibited at the time of discharge but after the date of such discharge became permitted. (3) When requesting a review, a covered member, or the member’s representative, shall be required to provide either— (A) documents consisting of— (i) a copy of the DD–214 form of the mem-ber; (ii) a personal affidavit of the cir-cumstances surrounding the discharge; and (iii) any relevant records pertaining to the discharge; or (B) an affidavit certifying that the mem-ber, or the member’s representative, does not have the documents specified in subpara-graph (A). (4) If a covered member provides an affi-davit described in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (3)— (A) the appropriate discharge board shall make every effort to locate the documents specified in subparagraph (A) of such para-graph within the records of the Department of Defense; and (B) the absence of such documents may not be considered a reason to deny a change of the discharge characterization under sub-section (a)(2). (c) R
EQUEST FOR REVIEW .—The appropriate discharge board shall ensure the mechanism by which covered members, or their rep-resentative, may request to have the dis-charge characterization of the covered mem-ber reviewed under this section is simple and straightforward. (d) R
EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After a request described in subsection (c) has been made, the appro-priate discharge board shall review all rel-evant laws, records of oral testimony pre-viously taken, service records, or any other relevant information regarding the discharge characterization of the covered member. (2) A
DDITIONAL MATERIALS .—If additional materials are necessary for the review, the appropriate discharge board— (A) may request additional information from the covered member or the member’s representative, in writing, and specifically detailing what is being requested; and (B) shall be responsible for obtaining a copy of the necessary files of the covered member from the member, or when applica-ble, from the Department of Defense. (e) C
HANGE OF CHARACTERIZATION .—The ap- propriate discharge board shall change the discharge characterization of a covered member to honorable if such change is deter-mined to be appropriate after a review is conducted under subsection (d) pursuant to the criteria under subsection (b). A covered member, or the member’s representative, may appeal a decision by the appropriate dis-charge board to not change the discharge characterization by using the regular ap-peals process of the board. (f) C
HANGE OF RECORDS .—For each covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e), or for each covered member who was honorably dis-charged but whose DD–214 form reflects the sexual orientation of the member, the Sec-retary of Defense shall reissue to the mem-ber or the member’s representative a revised DD–214 form that reflects the following: (1) For each covered member discharged, the Separation Code, Reentry Code, Nar-rative Code, and Separation Authority shall not reflect the sexual orientation of the member and shall be placed under secretarial authority. Any other similar indication of the sexual orientation or reason for dis-charge shall be removed or changed accord-ingly to be consistent with this paragraph. (2) For each covered member whose dis-charge occurred prior to the creation of gen-eral secretarial authority, the sections of the DD–214 form referred to paragraph (1) shall be changed to similarly reflect a universal authority with codes, authorities, and lan-guage applicable at the time of discharge. (g) STATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) shall be treated without regard to the original discharge character-ization of the member, including for pur-poses of— (A) benefits provided by the Federal Gov-ernment to an individual by reason of service in the Armed Forces; and (B) all recognitions and honors that the Secretary of Defense provides to members of the Armed Forces. (2) R
EINSTATEMENT .—In carrying out para-graph (1)(B), the Secretary shall reinstate all recognitions and honors of a covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) that the Secretary with-held because of the original discharge char-acterization of the member. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate discharge board’’ means the boards for correction of military records under section 1552 of title 10, United States Code, or the discharge review boards under section 1553 of such title, as the case may be. (2) The term ‘‘covered member’’ means any former member of the Armed Forces who was discharged from the Armed Forces because of the sexual orientation of the member. (3) The term ‘‘discharge characterization’’ means the characterization under which a member of the Armed Forces is discharged or released, including ‘‘dishonorable’’, ‘‘gen-eral’’, ‘‘other than honorable’’, and ‘‘honor-able’’. (4) The term ‘‘Don’t Ask Don’t Tell’’ means section 654 of title 10, United States Code, as in effect before such section was repealed pursuant to the Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell Repeal Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–321). (5) The term ‘‘representative’’ means the surviving spouse, next of kin, or legal rep-resentative of a covered member. (i) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review of the consistency and uniformity of the reviews conducted under this section. (2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter for a four-year period, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the reviews under paragraph (1). Such reports shall include any comments or recommendations for continued actions. (j) H
ISTORICAL REVIEW .—The Secretary of each military department shall ensure that oral historians of the department— (1) review the facts and circumstances sur-rounding the estimated 100,000 members of the Armed Forces discharged from the Armed Forces between World War II and Sep-tember 2011 because of the sexual orientation of the member; and (2) receive oral testimony of individuals who personally experienced discrimination and discharge because of the actual or per-ceived sexual orientation of the individual so that such testimony may serve as an official record of these discriminatory policies and their impact on American lives. 
SA 493. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 563. ELIGIBILITY AND PRIORITY OF CHIL-DREN FOR MILITARY CHILD CARE SERVICES. 
(a) R EORGANIZATION OF MILITARY CHILD C
AREFUNDING PROVISIONS .—Subchapter II of chapter 88 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by transferring section 1793 so as to ap-pear after section 1791; and (2) by redesignating such section, as so transferred, as section 1791a. (b) E
LIGIBILITY AND PRIORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of such chapter is further amended by inserting after section 1792 the following new section 1793: ‘‘§ 1793. Child care services: eligibility and priority for services of eligible children; services and youth program services for children and youth otherwise ineligible ‘‘(a) E
LIGIBILITY ON FULL-TIME BASIS.— Children are eligible for child care services at military child development centers on a full-time basis as follows: ‘‘(1) Children disproportionally affected by military deployment of their parents (to be known as ‘Priority Group 1 Children’), in-cluding children as follows: ‘‘(A) Children of a member of the armed forces who died in line of duty on active duty. ‘‘(B) Children of a member on active duty who previously incurred a wound øor serious injury¿ in combat in line of duty on active duty. ‘‘(C) Children in a single-parent family in which the parent is a regular member of the armed forces. ‘‘(D) Children in a dual-parent family in which both parents are regular members of the armed forces. ‘‘(2) Children of deployable parents (to be know as ‘Priority Group 2 Children’), includ-ing children as follows: ‘‘(A) Children in a dual-parent family in which one of the parents is a regular member of the armed forces. ‘‘(B) Children of a member of the Selected Reserve. ‘‘(C) Children of an employee of the De-partment of Defense who is on, or is within 90 days of commencing, an assignment over-seas. ‘‘(3) Children of parents who support De-partment of Defense missions (to be known as ‘Priority Group 3 Children’), including children as follows: ‘‘(A) Children of a member of the Indi-vidual Ready Reserve. ‘‘(B) Children of an employee of the De-partment of Defense (other than an employee described in paragraph (2)(C)), including chil-dren of an employee of a non-appropriated fund instrumentality (NAFI) or otherwise paid for with non-appropriated funds. ‘‘(4) Children of other parents (to be known as ‘Priority Group 4 Children’), including children as follows: ‘‘(A) Children of a member or former mem-ber of the armed forces who is in receipt of, or eligible for receipt of, retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(B) Children of an employee of the Fed-eral Government with a department or agen-cy other than the Department of Defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.117 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4479 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(C) Children of a contractor employee of the Department who is otherwise eligible for child care services under this subchapter. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY OF ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Priority of eligibility under subsection (a) shall be in the order of the paragraphs set forth under that sub-section, with actual eligibility for child care services at any particular military child de-velopment center dependent on the avail-ability of space and resources at such center. ‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION OF MULTIPLE PRIOR -
ITIES .—If a child has a priority of eligibility under subsection (a) under more than one paragraph, the child’s priority of eligibility under that subsection shall be the higher pri-ority of eligibility under that subsection. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—This section shall be administered in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. The regulations shall take into account the objective that the priority of eligibility established by sub-section (a) is intended to support the policy and plans for the Department of Defense for the support of military family readiness de-veloped pursuant to section 1781b of this title.’’. (2) P
RESERVATION OF EXISTING ELIGIBILITY  
AND PRIORITY .—Nothing in the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be construed as terminating, altering, or impairing the eligi-bility or priority for child care services at military child development centers of any military family in receipt of such services at such a center as of the date of the enactment of this Act for so long after such date as such military family remains in receipt of such services at such center without interruption. (c) R
ESTATEMENT IN AUTHORITY ON ELIGI-
BILITY AND PRIORITY OF AUTHORITY FOR PRO-
VISION OF CHILD CARE AND YOUTH PROGRAM  S
ERVICES TO CHILDREN AND YOUTH OTHERWISE  I
NELIGIBLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1793 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (b) of this section, is further amend-ed by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
HILD CARE AND YOUTH PROGRAM  S
ERVICES FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH OTHER -
WISE INELIGIBLE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may authorize participation in child care or youth programs of the Department of De-fense, to the extent of the availability of space and services, by children and youth under the age of 19 who are not dependents of members of the armed forces or of employees of the Department of Defense and are not otherwise eligible for participation in those programs. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Authorization of partici-pation in a program under paragraph (1) shall be limited to situations in which that participation promotes the attainment of the objectives set forth in paragraph (3), as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives for au-thorizing participation in a program under paragraph (1) are as follows: ‘‘(A) To support the integration of children and youth of military families into civilian communities. ‘‘(B) To make more efficient use of Depart-ment of Defense facilities and resources. ‘‘(C) To establish or support a partnership or consortium arrangement with schools and other youth services organizations serving children of members of the armed forces.’’. (2) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY .— Section 1799 of such title is repealed. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 88 of such title is amended— (1) by inserting after the item relating to section 1791 the following new item: ‘‘1791a. Parent fees.’’; (2) by striking the item relating to section 1793 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘1793. Child care services: eligibility and pri-ority for services of eligible children; services and youth program services for children and youth otherwise ineli-gible.’’; and (3) by striking the item relating to section 1799. SA 494. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XXVIII, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO WITH-DRAWAL AND RESERVATION OF PUBLIC LAND AUTHORITY, LIME-STONE HILLS TRAINING AREA, MON-TANA. 
Section 2931(b) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1031) is amended by striking ‘‘18,644 acres in Broadwater County, Montana, generally de-picted as ‘Proposed Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’, dated April 10, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘18,964 acres in Broadwater Coun-ty, Montana, generally depicted as ‘Lime-stone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Train-ing Area Land Withdrawal’, dated May 11, 2017’’. 
SA 495. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After title XXXV, insert the following: TITLE XXXVI—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 3601. CERTAIN DELAYED EFFECTIVE DATES. 
The amendments made by section 3626 shall take effect on January 1, 2018. Subtitle A—Authorizations 
SEC. 3611. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 2702 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2702. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘Funds are authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for nec-essary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for— ‘‘(A) $7,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and ‘‘(B) $7,592,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore and offshore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment— ‘‘(A) $1,985,845,000 for fiscal year 2018, to re-main available through September 30, 2022; and ‘‘(B) $2,027,547,745 for fiscal year 2019, to re-main available through September 30, 2023. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services— ‘‘(A) $142,956,336 for fiscal year 2018; and ‘‘(B) $145,958,419 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title— ‘‘(A) $17,051,721 for fiscal year 2018, to re-main available through September 30, 2022; and ‘‘(B) $17,409,807 for fiscal year 2019, to re-main available through September 20, 2023. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— ‘‘(A) $20,307,690 for fiscal year 2018; and ‘‘(B) $20,734,151 for fiscal year 2019.’’. SEC. 3612. AUTHORIZED LEVELS OF MILITARY STRENGTH AND TRAINING. 
Section 2704 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2704. Authorized levels of military strength and training ‘‘(a) A
CTIVE DUTY STRENGTH .—The Coast Guard is authorized an end-of-year strength for active duty personnel of 43,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. ‘‘(b) M
ILITARY TRAINING STUDENT LOADS .— The Coast Guard is authorized average mili-tary training student loads for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 as follows: ‘‘(1) For recruit and special training, 2,500 student years. ‘‘(2) For flight training, 165 student years. ‘‘(3) For professional training in military and civilian institutions, 350 student years. ‘‘(4) For officer acquisition, 1,200 student years.’’. Subtitle B—Coast Guard 
SEC. 3621. PRIMARY DUTIES. 
Section 2(7) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘including the fulfill-ment of Maritime Defense Zone command re-sponsibilities’’ and inserting ‘‘and at all times assist in the defense of the United States’’. 
SEC. 3622. TRAINING; EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 141 the following: ‘‘§ 141a. Training; emergency response pro-viders ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may, on a reim-bursable or a nonreimbursable basis, make training available to emergency response providers whenever the Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) determines that— ‘‘(1) a member of the Coast Guard, who was scheduled to participate in such training, is unable or unavailable to participate in such training; ‘‘(2) no other member of the Coast Guard, who is assigned to the unit to which the member of the Coast Guard described in paragraph (1), is able or available to partici-pate in such training; and ‘‘(3) such training, if made available to emergency response providers, would further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.117 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4480 July 27, 2017 
the goal of interoperability among Federal agencies, non-Federal governmental agen-cies, or both. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF EMERGENCY RESPONSE  P
ROVIDER .—In this section, the term ‘emer-gency response provider’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 6. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursement for training that the Coast Guard receives under this section shall be credited to the appropriation used to pay the costs for such training. ‘‘(d) S
TATUS ; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) S
TATUS .—Any individual to whom, as an emergency response provider, training is made available under this section shall not be considered a Federal employee for any purpose, including the purposes of— ‘‘(A) chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to com-pensation for injury); or ‘‘(B) sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28 (relating to tort claims). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—The indi-vidual described in paragraph (1) or that in-dividual’s employer shall be liable for any claim arising out of such training.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 141 the following: ‘‘141a. Training; emergency response pro-viders.’’. 
SEC. 3623. COMMISSIONED SERVICE RETIRE-MENT. 
Section 291 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘Any regular’’ and indenting appropriately; (2) in subsection (a), as designated— (A) by inserting ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’ after ‘‘officer’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘President’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
CTIVE COMMISSIONED SERVICE .—The Secretary may authorize the Commandant, through fiscal year 2019, to reduce the re-quirement under subsection (a) for at least ten years of active service as a commis-sioned officer to a period of not less than eight years.’’. 
SEC. 3624. OFFICER PROMOTION ZONES. 
Section 256(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘six-tenths’’ and inserting ‘‘one-half’’. 
SEC. 3625. OFFICER EVALUATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall reduce lieutenant junior grade evaluation reports to the same length as an ensign or place lieu-tenant junior grade evaluations on an annual schedule. (b) B
OARD SURVEY .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall survey outgoing pro-motion board members and assignment offi-cers to determine, at a minimum— (1) which sections of the officer evaluation report were most useful; (2) which sections of the officer evaluation report were least useful; (3) how to better reflect high performers; and (4) any recommendations for improving the officer evaluation report. (c) S
URVEY OF OFFICERS .—The Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct a survey on the officer evaluation report to— (1) cover at least 10 percent of the officers from each grade of officers from O1 to O6; and (2) determine how much time each member of the rating chain spends on that member’s portion of the officer evaluation report. (d) R
EVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall revise the officer evaluation report, and providing corresponding directions, taking into ac-count the requirements under paragraph (2). (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In revising the officer evaluation report under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) consider the findings of the surveys under subsections (b) and (c); (B) improve administrative efficiency; (C) reduce and streamline performance di-mensions and narrative text; (D) eliminate redundancy with the officer specialty management system and any other record information systems that are used during the officer assignment or promotion process; (E) provide for fairness and equity for Coast Guard officers with regard to pro-motion boards, selection panels, and the as-signment process; and (F) ensure officer evaluation responsibil-ities can be accomplished within normal working hours— (i) to minimize any impact to officer du-ties; and (ii) to eliminate any need for an officer to take liberty or leave for administrative pur-poses. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 545 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report— (A) on the findings of the survey under sub-section (b); and (B) on the findings of the survey under sub-section (c). (2) F
ORMAT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall be formatted by each rank, type of board, and position, as applicable. 
SEC. 3626. REGULAR CAPTAINS; RETIREMENT. 
Section 288(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘zone is’’ and inserting ‘‘zone, or from being placed at the top of the list of selectees promulgated by the Sec-retary under section 271(a) of this title, is’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘or from being placed at the top of the list of selectees, as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 3627. INCLUSION OF VESSEL FOR INVES-TIGATION PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 678 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or vessel’’ after ‘‘aircraft’’ each place it ap-pears. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the table of contents of chapter 17, by inserting ‘‘and vessel’’ after ‘‘Aircraft’’ in the item relating to section 678; and (2) in the heading for section 678, by insert-ing ‘‘and vessel’’ after ‘‘Aircraft’’. 
SEC. 3628. LEAVE FOR THE BIRTH OR ADOPTION OF A CHILD. 
Section 431 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
EAVE ASSOCIATED WITH THE BIRTH OR  A
DOPTION OF A CHILD.—Notwithstanding sec-tion 701 of title 10 or any other provision of law, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall en-sure that any rule, policy, or memorandum that provides leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child to an officer or en-listed member of the Coast Guard permits, for not later than 1 year after the date of such birth or adoption and at the discretion of the Commanding Officer— ‘‘(1) the officer or member, as applicable, to take such leave in increments; and ‘‘(2) flexible work schedules (as defined in regulation promulgated by the Secretary) for the officer or member, as applicable, until all such leave is expended.’’. SEC. 3629. AVIATION CADETS; APPOINTMENT AS RESERVE OFFICERS; CROSS REF-ERENCE. 
Section 373(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘designated under section 371’’ after ‘‘cadet’’. 
SEC. 3630. CLOTHING AT TIME OF DISCHARGE FOR GOOD OF SERVICE; REPEAL. 
Section 482 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of chapter 13 of that title, are repealed. 
SEC. 3631. MULTIYEAR CONTRACTS. 
The Secretary is authorized to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of a tenth, eleventh, and twelfth National Secu-rity Cutter and associated government-fur-nished equipment. 
SEC. 3632. COAST GUARD ROTC PROGRAM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the costs and benefits of creating a Coast Guard Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program based on the other armed forces programs. 
SEC. 3633. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Subsection (b) of section 98 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) E
XPENDITURES .—The Secretary shall fund the operation and maintenance of the National Coast Guard Museum with non-appropriated and non-Federal funds to the maximum extent practicable. The priority use of Federal operation and maintenance funds should be to preserve and protect his-toric Coast Guard artifacts, including the de-sign, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are in-cluded.’’. 
SEC. 3634. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) R OLLING RECAPITALIZATION REPORT FOR  
THEPOLAR STAR.— (1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—The Sec- retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with Naval Sea Systems Command, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a detailed report describing a plan to extend the service life of the Coast Guard Cutter POLAR STAR (WAGB-10) under a rolling re-capitalization plan for 7 to 10 years. (2) C
ONTENT .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Based upon a materiel condition assess-ment of the Coast Guard Cutter POLAR STAR (WAGB-10)— (i) a description of the service life exten-sion needs of the vessel; (ii) detailed information regarding planned shipyard work for each fiscal year to meet such needs; and (iii) an estimate of the specific amount needed to be appropriated to complete the rolling recapitalization of the vessel. (B) A plan to ensure the vessel will main-tain seasonally operational status during the rolling recapitalization. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— The Commandant of the Coast Guard may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4481 July 27, 2017 
use funds made available pursuant to section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 3611 of this Act, for the rolling recapitalization described in the re-port required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 3635. GREAT LAKES ICEBREAKER ACQUISI-TION. 
(a) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by sec-tion 3611 of this Act, for the selection of a de-sign for, and the construction of, an ice-breaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (b) I
NITIAL SURVEY AND DESIGN WORK.—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall com-mence initial survey and design work associ-ated with the acquisition of a new Coast Guard icebreaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to en-hance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (c) A
CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit a plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for acquiring an icebreaker described in subsections (a) and (b). Such plan shall include— (1) the details and schedule of the acquisi-tion activities to be completed; and (2) a description of how the funding for Coast Guard acquisition, construction, and improvements that was appropriated under the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–31) will be allocated to sup-port the acquisition activities referred to in paragraph (1). Subtitle C—Marine Safety 
SEC. 3641. COAST GUARD ADVISORY COMMIT-TEES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Subtitle I of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—COAST GUARD ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘Sec. ................................................‘‘701. Administration. ‘‘702. Chemical Transportation Advisory Committee. ‘‘703. Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘704. Great Lakes Pilotage Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘705. Lower Mississippi River Waterway Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘706. Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee. ‘‘707. Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee. ‘‘708. National Boating Safety Advisory Council. ‘‘709. National Maritime Security Advisory Committee. ‘‘710. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘711. Navigation Safety Advisory Council. ‘‘712. Towing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘§ 701. Administration ‘‘(a) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—A member of an advisory committee or advisory council es-tablished under this chapter shall not be considered an employee of the Federal Gov-ernment by reason of service on such com-mittee or council, except for the purposes of the following provisions of law: ‘‘(1) Section 5703 of title 5 (relating to trav-el expenses). ‘‘(2) Chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to com-pensation for work injuries). ‘‘(3) Chapter 171 of title 28 and any other Federal statute relating to tort liability. ‘‘(4) If the member is a special Government employee— ‘‘(A) chapter 73 of title 5; ‘‘(B) sections 201, 202, 203, 205, 207, 208, and 209 of title 18; ‘‘(C) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App); and ‘‘(D) any other provision of law relating to employee conduct, political activities, eth-ics, conflict of interest, and corruption that applies to a special Government employee. ‘‘(b) COMPENSATION .—A member of an advi-sory committee or advisory council estab-lished under this chapter who is not other-wise a Federal employee shall not receive pay by reason of service on such committee or council. ‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTEER SERV-
ICES.—A member of an advisory committee or advisory council established under this chapter may serve on a voluntary basis with-out pay without regard to section 1342 of title 31 or any other law. ‘‘§ 702. Chemical Transportation Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Chemical Transportation Advisory Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to the safe and secure marine trans-portation of hazardous materials. ‘‘(c) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 25 members. ‘‘(B) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Each member of the Committee shall represent the point of view of 1 of the following entities or groups asso-ciated with marine transportation of haz-ardous materials: ‘‘(i) Chemical manufacturing. ‘‘(ii) Marine handling or transportation of chemicals. ‘‘(iii) Vessel design and construction. ‘‘(iv) Marine safety or security. ‘‘(v) Marine environmental protection. ‘‘(C) N
EEDS OF THE COAST GUARD .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of members who represent a specific point of view. ‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Neither this subsection nor any other provision of law or policy shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing spe-cific points of view among the membership of the Committee. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18, each member of the Committee is hereby deemed a representative of the mem-ber’s respective special interest entity or group, and not a special Government em-ployee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) REAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Committee as the Chair-person and another member of the Com-mittee as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 703. Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee)— ‘‘(1) shall advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title ap-plies, including navigation safety, safety equipment and procedures, marine insur-ance, vessel design, construction, mainte-nance and operation, and personnel quali-fications and training; ‘‘(2) shall review proposed regulations pro-mulgated pursuant to chapter 45 of this title; ‘‘(3) shall submit recommendations de-scribed in paragraph (1) to the Secretary in writing; ‘‘(4) may submit any recommendations de-scribed in paragraph (1) at any time and fre-quency as determined to be appropriate by the Committee; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4482 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(5) shall to review proposed regulations promulgated pursuant to chapter 45 of this title; and ‘‘(6) shall make available to Congress any information, advice, and recommendations that the Committee is authorized to give to the Secretary. ‘‘(c) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members. ‘‘(B) E
XPERIENCE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience regarding the commercial fishing industry. ‘‘(C) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Except as provided in subparagraph (D), a member of the Com-mittee shall represent the point of view of an entity or group, as follows: ‘‘(i) 10 members representing the commer-cial fishing industry who— ‘‘(I) reflect a regional and representational balance; and ‘‘(II) have experience in the operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title ap-plies or as a crew member or processing line worker on a fish processing vessel. ‘‘(ii) 1 member representing naval archi-tects or marine engineers. ‘‘(iii) 1 member representing manufactur-ers of equipment for vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(iv) 1 member representing education or training professionals related to fishing ves-sel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender ves-sel safety or personnel qualifications. ‘‘(v) 1 member representing underwriters that insure vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(vi) 1 member representing owners of ves-sels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), 3 members of the Committee shall represent the general public. ‘‘(ii) E
XPERIENCE .—Whenever possible, a member who represents the general public shall be either— ‘‘(I) an independent expert or consultant in maritime safety; ‘‘(II) a marine surveyor who provides serv-ices to vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; or ‘‘(III) a person familiar with issues affect-ing fishing communities and families of fish-ermen. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18— ‘‘(A) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent a point of view of an entity or group under para-graph (2)(C), is hereby deemed a representa-tive of the member’s respective special inter-est entity or group, and not a special Gov-ernment employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18); and ‘‘(B) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary may appoint to represent the general public, is hereby deemed a special Government employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) LIMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall elect a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among its members. ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall, whenever practicable— ‘‘(1) consult with the Committee before taking any significant action relating to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; ‘‘(2) consider the information, advice, and recommendations of the Committee in con-sulting with other agencies and the public or in formulating policy regarding the safe op-eration of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; ‘‘(3) make all recommendations made by the Committee in paragraph (b) public and available for comment within 30 days of re-ceiving the recommendation from the Com-mittee; ‘‘(4) respond in writing to all public com-ments made regarding recommendations made by the Committee in paragraph (b); ‘‘(5) respond in writing to any rec-ommendations or resolutions made by the Committee in paragraph (b) and provide rea-soning for acceptation or rejection to all rec-ommendations within 60 days of receiving the recommendation; and ‘‘(6) make all responses in paragraph (5) available to the Congress and the public at the time the response is transmitted. ‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 704. Great Lakes Pilotage Advisory Com-mittee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a Great Lakes Pilotage Advisory Committee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) DUTIES .—The Committee— ‘‘(A) may review proposed Great Lakes pi-lotage regulations and policies and make recommendations to the Secretary that the Committee considers appropriate; ‘‘(B) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to Great Lakes pilotage; ‘‘(C) may make available to the Congress recommendations that the Committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(D) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(i) the Secretary, who shall call such a meeting at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(ii) a majority of the Committee. ‘‘(b) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall consist of 7 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this subsection, each of whom has at least 5 years practical experience in maritime operations. ‘‘(B) T
ERM.—The term of each member is for a period of not more than 5 years, speci-fied by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Before filling a position on the Committee, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on the Com-mittee. ‘‘(2) R
EPRESENTATION .—The membership of the Committee shall include— ‘‘(A) the President of each of the 3 Great Lakes pilotage districts, or the President’s representative; ‘‘(B) 1 member representing the interests of vessel operators that contract for Great Lakes pilotage services; ‘‘(C) 1 member representing the interests of Great Lakes ports; ‘‘(D) 1 member representing the interests of shippers whose cargoes are transported through Great Lakes ports; and ‘‘(E) a member with a background in fi-nance or accounting, who— ‘‘(i) must have been recommended to the Secretary by a unanimous vote of the other members of the Committee, and ‘‘(ii) may be appointed without regard to requirement in paragraph (1) that each mem-ber have 5 years of practical experience in maritime operations. ‘‘(c)(1) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICECHAIRPERSON .— The Committee shall elect 1 of its members as the Chairperson and 1 of its members as the Vice Chairperson. The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or in-capacity of the Chairperson, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(2) O
BSERVER .—The Secretary shall, and any other interested agency may, designate a representative to participate as an ob-server with the Committee. The Secretary’s designated representative shall act as the ex-ecutive secretary of the Committee and shall perform the duties set forth in section 10(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, whenever practicable, consult with the Com-mittee before taking any significant action relating to Great Lakes pilotage. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Secretary shall consider the information, advice, and rec-ommendations of the Committee in formu-lating policy regarding matters affecting Great Lakes pilotage. ‘‘(3) A
PPROVAL .—Any recommendations to the Secretary under subsection (a)(2)(B) must have been approved by at least all but 1 of the members then serving on the Com-mittee. ‘‘(e)(1) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding section 701, a member of the Committee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4483 July 27, 2017 
when attending meetings of the Committee or when otherwise engaged in the business of the Committee, is entitled to receive— ‘‘(A) compensation at a rate fixed by the Secretary, not exceeding the daily equiva-lent of the current rate of basic pay in effect for GS-18 of the General Schedule under sec-tion 5332 of title 5 including travel time; and ‘‘(B) travel or transportation expenses under section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(2) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—Notwithstanding section 701, a member of the Committee shall not be considered to be an officer or employee of the United States for any pur-pose based on their receipt of any payment under this subsection. ‘‘(f) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) applies to the Committee, except that the Committee ter-minates on September 30, 2020. ‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—2 years before the termi-nation date set forth in paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Committee shall submit to the Congress its recommendation regarding whether the Committee should be renewed and continued beyond the termination date. ‘‘§ 705. Lower Mississippi River Waterway Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Lower Mississippi River Waterway Safety Advisory Committee (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to communication, surveillance, traffic management, anchorages, develop-ment and operation of New Orleans Vessel Traffic Services, and other related topics dealing with and actions relating to naviga-tional safety on the Lower Mississippi River. ‘‘(c) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 25 members. ‘‘(B) E
XPERIENCE .—Each member of the Committee shall have expertise, knowledge, and experience regarding the transportation, equipment, and techniques that are used to ship cargo and to navigate vessels on the Lower Mississippi River and its connecting navigable waterways, including the Gulf of Mexico. ‘‘(C) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Except as provided in subparagraph (D), each member of the Committee shall represent the point of view of an entity or group, as follows: ‘‘(i) 5 members representing River Port Au-thorities between Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and the head of passes of the Lower Mis-sissippi River, of which— ‘‘(I) 1 member shall be from the Port of St. Bernard; and ‘‘(II) 1 member from the Port of Plaquemines. ‘‘(ii) 2 members representing vessel owners or ship owners domiciled in the State of Lou-isiana. ‘‘(iii) 2 members representing organiza-tions which operate harbor tugs or barge fleets in the geographical area covered by the Committee. ‘‘(iv) 2 members representing companies which transport cargo or passengers on the navigable waterways in the geographical area covered by the Committee. ‘‘(v) 3 members representing State Com-missioned Pilot organizations, with 1 mem-ber each representing— ‘‘(I) the New Orleans-Baton Rouge Steam-ship Pilots Association; ‘‘(II) the Crescent River Port Pilots Asso-ciation; and ‘‘(III) the Association Branch Pilots. ‘‘(vi) 3 members representing consumers, shippers, or importers and exporters that utilize vessels which utilize the navigable waterways covered by the Committee. ‘‘(vii) 2 members representing those li-censed merchant mariners, other than pilots, who perform shipboard duties on those ves-sels which utilize navigable waterways cov-ered by the Committee. ‘‘(viii) 1 member representing an organiza-tion that serves in a consulting or advisory capacity to the maritime industry. ‘‘(ix) 1 member representing an environ-mental organization. ‘‘(D) ADDITIONAL MEMBERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—4 members of the Com-mittee shall represent the general public. ‘‘(ii) W
ATER TRANSPORTATION FACILITIES .— Whenever possible, 2 of the 4 members who represent the general public shall be individ-uals who utilize water transportation facili-ties located in the geographic area that the Committee covers. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18— ‘‘(A) each member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the point of view of an entity or group set out in paragraph (2)(C), is hereby deemed a representative of the member’s respective special interest entity or group, and not a special Government employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18); and ‘‘(B) each member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the gen-eral public, is hereby deemed a special Gov-ernment employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Committee as the Chair-person and another member of the Com-mittee as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall, whenever practicable, consult with the Committee be-fore taking any significant action relating to navigation safety in the Lower Mississippi River. ‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 706. Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to personnel in the United States merchant marine, including training, quali-fications, certification, documentation, and fitness standards. ‘‘(c) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 19 members. ‘‘(2) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), each member of the Com-mittee shall represent the point of view of an entity or group, as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 members representing the interests of mariners— ‘‘(i) each of whom— ‘‘(I) shall be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(II) shall hold an active license or certifi-cate issued under chapter 71 of this title or a merchant mariner document issued under chapter 73 of this title; and ‘‘(ii) among whom shall be— ‘‘(I) 3 deck officers representing the inter-ests of merchant marine deck officers, of whom— ‘‘(aa) 2 shall be licensed for oceans any gross tons; ‘‘(bb) 1 shall be licensed for inland river route with a limited or unlimited tonnage; ‘‘(cc) 2 shall have a master’s license or a master of towing vessels license; ‘‘(dd) 1 shall have significant tanker expe-rience; and ‘‘(ee) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(AA) 1 shall represent the interests of labor; and ‘‘(BB) 1 shall represent the interests of management; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4484 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(II) 3 engineering officers representing the interests of merchant marine engineer-ing officers, of whom— ‘‘(aa) 2 shall be licensed as chief engineer any horsepower; ‘‘(bb) 1 shall be licensed as either a limited chief engineer or a designated duty engineer; and ‘‘(cc) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(AA) 1 shall represent the interests of labor; and ‘‘(BB) 1 shall represent the interests of management; ‘‘(III) 2 unlicensed seamen, of whom— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent the interests of able-bodied seamen; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent the interests of qualified members of the engine department; and ‘‘(IV) 1 pilot representing the interests of merchant marine pilots. ‘‘(B) 6 members representing the interests of marine educators— ‘‘(i) each of whom shall be a marine educa-tor; and ‘‘(ii) among whom shall be— ‘‘(I) 3 marine educators who shall represent the interests of maritime academies, includ-ing— ‘‘(aa) 2 who shall represent the interests of State maritime academies; and ‘‘(bb) 1 who shall represent either the view-point of the State maritime academies or the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy; and ‘‘(II) 3 marine educators who shall rep-resent the interests of other maritime train-ing institutions, 1 of whom shall represent the interests of the small vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 2 members representing the interests of shipping companies employed in ship oper-ation management. ‘‘(D) 2 members of the Committee shall represent the general public. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of Fed-eral law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18— ‘‘(i) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the point of view of an entity or group set out in para-graph (2)(B), is hereby deemed a representa-tive of the member’s respective special inter-est entity or group, and not a special Gov-ernment employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18); and ‘‘(ii) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the gen-eral public, is hereby deemed a special Gov-ernment employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit the nomination or appointment of a Federal employee to serve as a member of the Com-mittee representing the interests of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(C) S
OLICITING NOMINATIONS .—Notwith- standing subparagraphs (A) and (B), the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(i) with regard to the appointment of a member or members to represent the inter-ests of the State maritime academies, solicit nominations for membership on the Com-mittee from each State maritime academy or a joint nomination from some or all State maritime academies; and ‘‘(ii) with regard to the appointment of a member to represent the interests of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, solicit a nomination for membership on the Committee from the Secretary of Transpor-tation. ‘‘(D) SERVICE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Committee as the Chair-person and another member of the Com-mittee as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 707. Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to— ‘‘(1) medical certification determinations of merchant mariners; ‘‘(2) medical standards and guidelines for the physical qualifications of operators of commercial vessels; ‘‘(3) medical examiner education; and ‘‘(4) medical research. ‘‘(c) ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 14 members. ‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION .—No member of the Com-mittee shall be a regular Federal employee. ‘‘(C) E
XPERIENCE .—Of the members of the Committee— ‘‘(i) 10 members shall be healthcare profes-sionals with particular expertise, knowledge, or experience regarding the medical exami-nations of merchant mariners or occupa-tional medicine; and ‘‘(ii) 4 members shall be professional mari-ners with knowledge and experience in mari-ners’ occupational requirements. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18, each member of the Committee is hereby deemed a special Government em-ployee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Committee as the Chair-person and another member of the Com-mittee as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4485 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(7) D ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 708. National Boating Safety Advisory Council ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Boating Safety Advisory Council (referred to in this section as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(b) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Council shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall con-sist of 21 members. ‘‘(B) E
XPERIENCE .—Each member of the Council shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in recreational boating safety. ‘‘(C) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Except as provided in subparagraph (D), each member of the Council shall represent the point of view of an entity or group, as follows: ‘‘(i) 7 members representing State officials responsible for State boating safety pro-grams. ‘‘(ii) 7 members representing manufactur-ers, wholesale distributors, or retail distribu-tors of recreational vessels or associated equipment. ‘‘(iii) At least 5 members representing na-tional recreational boating organizations. ‘‘(D) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—Not more than 2 members of the Council may represent the general public. ‘‘(E) P
ANELS .—Additional individuals from an entity or group set out in subparagraph (C) may be appointed to panels of the Coun-cil to assist the Council in performing its du-ties. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18— ‘‘(A) a member of the Council, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the point of view of an entity or group set out in para-graph (2)(C), is hereby deemed a representa-tive of the member’s respective special inter-est entity or group, and not a special Gov-ernment employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18); and ‘‘(B) in the event that the Secretary ap-points a member to represent the general public, such member of the Council is hereby deemed a special Government employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Council. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Council. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Council. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCY .—The Secretary may re-appoint a member to the Council more than once. ‘‘(C) SERVICE .—Each member of the Coun-cil shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Council shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (1), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Council to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Council, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Council as the Chairperson and another member of the Council as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Council, recommenda-tions with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Council in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In addition to the consultation required by section 4302 of this title, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall, whenever prac-ticable, consult with the Council on boating safety matters related to chapter 131 of this title. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Council. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Council shall ter-minate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 709. National Maritime Security Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to national maritime security. ‘‘(c) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not less than 8 members, but not more than 21 members. ‘‘(B) E
XPERIENCE .—Each member of the Committee shall have at least 5 years prac-tical experience in maritime security oper-ations. ‘‘(C) POINTS OF VIEW .—Each member of the Committee shall represent the point of view of an entity or group, as follows: ‘‘(i) At least 1 member representing the port authorities. ‘‘(ii) At least 1 member representing the fa-cilities owners or operators. ‘‘(iii) At least 1 member representing the terminal owners or operators. ‘‘(iv) At least 1 member representing the vessel owners or operators. ‘‘(v) At least 1 member representing the maritime labor organizations. ‘‘(vi) At least 1 member representing the academic community. ‘‘(vii) At least 1 member representing State or local governments. ‘‘(viii) At least 1 member representing the maritime industry. ‘‘(ix) Not more than 4 members, each rep-resenting an entity or group, the point of view of which or the area of expertise of which the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) determines would aid the Committee’s deliberations. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18, each member of the Committee is hereby deemed a representative of the mem-ber’s respective special interest entity or group, and not a special Government em-ployee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall appoint mem-bers to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of an in-dividual in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(D) B
ACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .—The Sec- retary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to the Com-mittee. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Committee as the Chair-person and another member of the Com-mittee as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4486 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(B) R ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 710. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Offshore Safety Advisory Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to activities directly involved with, or in support of, the exploration of offshore mineral and energy resources insofar as such activities relate to matters within Coast Guard jurisdiction. ‘‘(c) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 15 members. ‘‘(B) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), each member of the Committee shall represent the point of view of an entity or group, as follows: ‘‘(i) 2 members representing companies, or-ganizations, enterprises, or similar entities engaged in the production of petroleum. ‘‘(ii) 2 members representing companies, organizations, enterprises, or similar enti-ties engaged in offshore drilling. ‘‘(iii) 2 members representing companies, organizations, enterprises or similar entities engaged in the support, by offshore supply vessels or other vessels, of offshore oper-ations. ‘‘(iv) 1 member representing a company, organization, enterprise or similar entity en-gaged in the construction of offshore facili-ties. ‘‘(v) 1 member representing a company, or-ganization, enterprise or similar entity pro-viding diving services to the offshore indus-try. ‘‘(vi) 1 member representing a company, organization, enterprise or similar entity providing safety and training services to the offshore industry. ‘‘(vii) 1 member representing a company, organization, enterprise or similar entity providing subsea engineering, construction or remotely operated vehicle support to the offshore industry. ‘‘(viii) 2 members representing employees of companies, organizations, enterprises or similar entities engaged in offshore oper-ations, 1 of whom should have recent prac-tical experience on vessels or units involved in the offshore industry. ‘‘(ix) 1 member representing a company, organization, enterprise or similar entity providing environmental protection, compli-ance or response services to the offshore in-dustry. ‘‘(x) 1 member representing a company, or-ganization, enterprise or similar entity en-gaged in offshore oil exploration or produc-tion on the Outer Continental Shelf of Alas-ka. ‘‘(C) ADDITIONAL MEMBER .—1 member of the Committee shall represent the general pub-lic. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18— ‘‘(A) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the point of view of an entity or group set out in paragraph (2)(C), is hereby deemed a rep-resentative of the member’s respective spe-cial interest entity or group, and not a spe-cial Government employee (as defined in sec-tion 202(a) of title 18); and ‘‘(B) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the gen-eral public, is hereby deemed a special Gov-ernment employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate one member of the Committee as the Chair-person and another member of the Com-mittee as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) DESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 711. Navigation Safety Advisory Council ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Navigation Safety Advisory Council (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Council, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings and groundings, Inland Rules of the Road, International Rules of the Road, navigation regulations and equipment, routing meas-ures, marine information, and aids to navi-gation systems. ‘‘(c) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Council shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall con-sist of not more than 21 members. ‘‘(B) E
XPERIENCE .—Each member of the Council shall have expertise in Inland and International vessel navigation Rules of the Road, aids to maritime navigation, maritime law, vessel safety, or port safety. ‘‘(C) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Each member of the Council shall represent the point of view of one of the following entities or groups: ‘‘(i) Commercial vessel owners or opera-tors. ‘‘(ii) Professional mariners. ‘‘(iii) Recreational boaters. ‘‘(iv) State agencies responsible for vessel or port safety. ‘‘(v) The Maritime Law Association. ‘‘(vi) Recreational boating industry. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18, each member of the Council is here-by deemed a representative of the member’s respective special interest entity or group, and not a special Government employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Council. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Council. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to the Council. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Council more than once. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—Each member of the Coun-cil shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Council shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4487 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(ii) E XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Council to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—In the case of an appointment to fill a vacancy on the Coun-cil, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Council as the Chairperson and another member of the Council as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Council, recommenda-tions with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Council in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Council. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Council shall ter-minate on September 30, 2027. ‘‘§ 712. Towing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Towing Safety Advisory Committee (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee, acting through the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee), is authorized to advise, consult with, report to, and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to shallow-draft inland navigation, coastal waterway navigation, and towing safety. ‘‘(c) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) M
EETING .—The Committee shall, at least once each calendar year, meet at the call of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members. ‘‘(B) E
XPERIENCE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience regarding— ‘‘(i) shallow-draft inland navigation or coastal waterway navigation; and ‘‘(ii) towing safety. ‘‘(C) P
OINTS OF VIEW .—Except as provided in subparagraph (D), each member of the Committee shall represent the point of view of an entity or group, as follows: ‘‘(i) 7 members representing the barge and towing industry, reflecting a regional geo-graphic balance. ‘‘(ii) 1 member representing the offshore mineral and oil supply vessel industry. ‘‘(iii) 1 member representing Masters or Pi-lots of towing vessels who have experience on the Western Rivers and the Gulf Intra-coastal Waterway. ‘‘(iv) 1 member representing Masters of towing vessels who have experience in off-shore service. ‘‘(v) 1 member representing Masters of tow-ing vessels who have experience in harbor-as-sist operations. ‘‘(vi) 1 member representing towing vessel engineers. ‘‘(vii) 2 members representing port dis-tricts, authorities, or terminal operators. ‘‘(viii) 1 member representing shippers. ‘‘(ix) 1 member representing shippers who are engaged in the chartering or shipping of oil or hazardous materials by barge. ‘‘(D) ADDITIONAL MEMBERS .—2 members of the Committee shall represent the general public. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .—For the pur-poses of Federal law, including the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 and chapter 11 of title 18— ‘‘(A) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the point of view of an entity or group set out in paragraph (2)(C), is hereby deemed a rep-resentative of the member’s respective spe-cial interest entity or group, and not a spe-cial Government employee (as defined in sec-tion 202(a) of title 18); and ‘‘(B) a member of the Committee, whom the Secretary appoints to represent the gen-eral public, is hereby deemed a special Gov-ernment employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18). ‘‘(4) N
OMINATIONS ; APPOINTMENTS ; SERV -
ICE.— ‘‘(A) N
OMINATIONS .—As necessary, the Sec-retary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a notice soliciting nominations for member-ship on the Committee. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After timely notice is published, the Secretary shall, as necessary, appoint members to the Committee. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary may not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of an in-dividual in making an appointment to the Committee. ‘‘(iii) R
EAPPOINTMENTS .—The Secretary may reappoint a member to the Committee more than once. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall serve at the pleasure of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) T
ERM; VACANCY .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of the Committee shall expire on Decem-ber 31 of the third full year after the effec-tive date of the appointment. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSIONS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), paragraph (4), or any other provision of law or policy, the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) may extend the term of a member of the Committee to December 31 of the fifth full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCY .—In the case of an appoint-ment to fill a vacancy on the Committee, the Secretary shall appoint an individual for a full term. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON ; VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall designate 1 member of the Committee as the Chair-person and another member of the Com-mittee as the Vice Chairperson, both of whom shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) and for a term to be fixed by the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee). ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Com-mandant (or the Commandant’s designee) may solicit, from the Committee, rec-ommendations with regard to the members whom the Commandant (or the Com-mandant’s designee) shall designate as the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(C) VACANCY .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or inca-pacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairperson. ‘‘(7) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s des-ignee) shall designate a Designated Federal Officer to the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION .—The Commandant (or the Commandant’s designee) shall, whenever practicable, consult with the Committee be-fore taking any significant action affecting shallow-draft inland navigation, coastal wa-terway navigation, and towing safety. ‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chap-ters for subtitle I of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘7. Coast Guard advisory committees 701.’’ (2) C
OMMERCIAL FISHING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 4508 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 45 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 4508. (3) G
REAT LAKES PILOTAGE ADVISORY COM -
MITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 9307 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 93 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 9307. (4) L
OWER MISSISSIPPI RIVER WATERWAY  
SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—Section 19 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2215) is re-pealed. (5) M
ERCHANT MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 8108 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 81 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 8108. (6) M
ERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 7115 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 71 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 7115. (7) N
ATIONAL BOATING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 13110 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 131 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 13110. (C) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 4302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘13110’’ and inserting ‘‘708’’. (8) N
ATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 109(a)(1) of the Mari-time Transportation Security Act of 2002 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 709 of title 46, United States Code’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4488 July 27, 2017 
(9) N AVIGATION SAFETY ADVISORY COUNCIL .— Section 5 of the Inland Navigational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073) is repealed. (10) T
OWING SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— The Act to establish a Towing Safety Advi-sory Committee in the Department of Trans-portation, approved October 6, 1980, (33 U.S.C. 1231a) is repealed. (c) A
REA MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ Maritime Security Advisory Committees’’ and inserting ‘‘Area Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees’’; (B) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary may— ‘‘(A) establish an Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee for any port area of the United States; and ‘‘(B) request an Area Maritime Security Committee to review the proposed Area Mar-itime Transportation Security Plan devel-oped under section 70103(b) and make rec-ommendations to the Secretary that the Committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(2) Each Area Maritime Security Advi-sory Committee— ‘‘(A) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to maritime security in that area; ‘‘(B) may make available to the Congress recommendations that the Committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(C) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(i) the Secretary, who shall call such a meeting at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(ii) a majority of the Committee.’’; (C) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of the committees’’ and inserting ‘‘Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee’’; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘such a committee’’ and in-serting ‘‘an Area Maritime Security Advi-sory Committee’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the committee’’ and in-serting ‘‘an Area Maritime Security Advi-sory Committee’’; (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the Committee’’ and inserting ‘‘an Area Mari-time Security Advisory Committee’’; and (iv) in paragraph (5)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘
(B)’’ and indenting appropriately; (D) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘com-mittee’’ and inserting ‘‘Area Maritime Secu-rity Advisory Committee’’; (E) by striking subsection (d); (F) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; (G) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘the Committee’’ and in-serting ‘‘an Area Maritime Security Advi-sory Committee’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘for an area.’’; (H) in subsection (e), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a com-mittee’’ and inserting ‘‘an Area Maritime Se-curity Advisory Committee’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘such a committee’’ and inserting ‘‘an Area Mari-time Security Advisory Committee’’; and (I) by amending subsection (f), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(f) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT; T
ERMINATION DATE.— ‘‘(1) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to Area Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees established under this section. ‘‘(2) TERMINATION .—The Area Maritime Se-curity Advisory Committees shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 701 of title 46, United States Code, is amended in the item relating to sec-tion 70112 by striking ‘‘Maritime Security Advisory Committees’’ and inserting ‘‘Area Maritime Security Advisory Committees’’. (e) H
OUSTON -GALVESTON NAVIGATION SAFE-
TYADVISORY COMMITTEE ; REPEAL .—Section 18 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2213) is re-pealed. (f) T
RANSITION OF COAST GUARD ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the amendments made under subsections (b) and (c) of this section, an advisory committee de-scribed in paragraph (2) of this subsection shall continue to be subject to the require-ments under law to which such advisory committee was subject as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, including its charter, and the members ap-pointed to such advisory committee shall continue to serve pursuant thereto, until the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating makes the applica-ble appointments under sections 702 through 712 of title 46, United States Code. (2) C
OAST GUARD ADVISORY COMMITTEES .— An advisory committee described in this paragraph is as follows: (A) Chemical Transportation Advisory Committee. (B) Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee established under section 4508 of title 46, United States Code. (C) Great Lakes Pilotage Advisory Com-mittee established under section 9307 of title 46, United States Code. (D) Lower Mississippi River Waterway Safety Advisory Committee established under section 19 of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2215). (E) Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee established under section 8108 of title 46, United States Code. (F) Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee established under section 7115 of title 46, United States Code. (G) National Boating Safety Advisory Council established under section 13110 of title 46, United States Code. (H) National Maritime Security Advisory Committee established under section 70112 of title 46, United States Code. (I) National Offshore Safety Advisory Com-mittee. (J) Navigation Safety Advisory Council es-tablished under section 5 of the Inland Navi-gational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073). (K) Towing Safety Advisory Committee es-tablished under the Act entitled the ‘‘Act to establish a Towing Safety Advisory Com-mittee in the Department of Transpor-tation’’, approved October 6, 1980 (33 U.S.C. 1231a). (3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall make the appoint-ments, and file any necessary charters, under sections 702 through 712 of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 3642. CLARIFICATION OF LOGBOOK AND ENTRY REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 11304 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘an official logbook, which’’ and inserting ‘‘a logbook, which may be in any form, including electronic, and’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or a ferry, passenger ves-sel, or small passenger vessel (as those terms are defined in section 2101)’’ after ‘‘Canada’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘log book’’ and inserting ‘‘log-book’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Each illness or injury, the nature of the illness or injury, and any medical treat-ment administered.’’. SEC. 3643. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS; LICENSES, CERTIFICATIONS OF REGISTRY, AND MERCHANT MARINER DOCUMENTS. 
Part E of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 7106(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document’’ and inserting ‘‘license’’; (2) in section 7107(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document’’ and inserting ‘‘certificate of registry’’; and (3) in section 7507(b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘licenses or certificates of registry’’ and inserting ‘‘merchant mariner documents’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a mer-chant mariner’s document’’ and inserting ‘‘a license or a certificate of registry.’’. 
SEC. 3644. NUMBERING FOR UNDOCUMENTED BARGES. 
Chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 12102— (A) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may require such an undocumented barge more than 100 gross tons operating on the navigable waters of the United States to be numbered.’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (2) in section 12301— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by striking the subsection designation in subsection (a) and indenting appro-priately. 
SEC. 3645. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS; EXEMP-TION FROM THROWABLE PERSONAL FLOTATION DEVICES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall revise section 175.17 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to exempt paddleboards and rafts from the requirement for carriage of an additional throwable per-sonal flotation device if each person is re-quired to wear a personal flotation device while under way and at least 1 rescue throw bag, as typically used in whitewater rafting, is on board. 
SEC. 3646. ENSURING MARITIME COVERAGE. 
In order to meet Coast Guard mission re-quirements for search and rescue, all-hazard incident response, and maritime environ-mental response during recapitalization of Coast Guard vessels, the Coast Guard shall ensure continuity of the coverage, to the maximum extent practicable, in the loca-tions that may lose assets. 
SEC. 3647. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH AL-TERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4503(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary, if’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (3), beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary prescribes an alternate safety compliance program, a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4489 July 27, 2017 
which section 4502(b) of this title applies shall comply with the alternate safety com-pliance program if’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘estab-lishes standards for an alternate safety com-pliance program, shall comply with such an alternative safety compliance program that is developed in cooperation with the com-mercial fishing industry and prescribed by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘prescribes an alternate safety compliance program under paragraph (1), shall comply with the alter-nate safety compliance program’’; and (3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (1), a sepa-rate alternate safety compliance program may be developed for a specific region or spe-cific fishery.’’. (b) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing the alternate to classing under section 4503(e) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 3648. FISHING, FISH TENDER, AND FISH PROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) N ONAPPLICATION .—Section 4503(c)(2)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘79’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. (b) D
ETERMINING WHENKEELISLAID.—Sec- tion 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) For purposes of this section, a keel is laid when a structure, adequate of serving as a keel for a vessel greater than 79 feet in length is identified for use in the construc-tion of a specific vessel and is so affirmed by a marine surveyor.’’. 
SEC. 3649. TERMINATION OF UNSAFE OPER-ATIONS; TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Section 4505 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘4503(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘4503(a)’’. 
SEC. 3650. INSTALLATION AND USE OF ENGINE CUT-OFF SWITCHES ON REC-REATIONAL VESSEL. 
(a) U SE OF ENGINE CUT-OFFSWITCH LINKS.— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall revise the regulations under part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to prohibit a person from operating a rec-reational vessel 25 feet or less in length un-less— (A) the person is wearing an engine cut-off switch link while operating on plane or above displacement speed; and (B) the engine cut-off switch is factory equipped on the primary propulsion machin-ery. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The requirement under paragraph (1) shall not apply to the fol-lowing: (A) A vessel 25 feet or less in length whose main helm is installed within an enclosed cabin that would protect an operator from being thrown overboard should the operator be displaced from the helm. (B) A vessel with propulsion machinery de-veloping static thrust of less than 115 pounds or 3 horsepower. (C) A vessel that is not equipped with an engine cut-off switch. (b) I
NSTALLATION OF ENGINE CUT-OFF S
WITCHES .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall revise the regulations under part 183 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to require an equipment manufacturer, distributor, or dealer that installs propulsion machinery and associate starting controls on a rec-reational vessel 25 feet or less in length and capable of developing at least 115 pounds of static thrust to install an engine cut-off switch on such recreational vessel in accord-ance with the American Boat and Yacht Standard A–33, as amended. (c) PENALTY .—A person that violates a reg-ulation promulgated under subsection (a)(1) of this section shall be subject to a civil pen-alty under section 4311 of title 46, United States Code, not to exceed— (1) $100 for the first offense; (2) $250 for the second offense; and (3) $500 for any subsequent offense. (d) P
REEMPTION .—In accordance with sec-tion 4306 of title 46, United States Code, a State may not establish, continue in effect, or enforce any law or regulation addressing engine cut-off switch requirements that is not identical to a regulation prescribed under this section. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
NGINE CUT -OFF SWITCH .—The term ‘‘en-gine cut-off switch’’ means a mechanical or electronic device that is connected to pro-pulsion machinery that will stop propulsion if— (A) the switch is not properly connected; or (B) the switch components are submerged in water or separated from the switch by a predetermined distance. (2) E
NGINE CUT -OFF SWITCH LINK .—The term ‘‘engine cut-off switch link’’ means the equipment attached to the recreational ves-sel operator and which activates the engine cut-off switch. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—A regulation pre-scribed under this section shall specify an ef-fective date that is not earlier than 1 year from the date the regulation was published. 
SEC. 3651. VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS AND AL-TERNATIVE USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall develop a performance standard for the alternative use and possession of vis-ual distress alerting and locating signals as mandated by carriage requirements for rec-reational boats in subpart C of part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the performance standard for alter-native use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals is finalized, the Secretary shall revise part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow for carriage of such alternative signal devices. 
SEC. 3652. RENEWAL PERIOD FOR DOCUMENTED RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
SSUANCE OF CERTIFICATE OF DOCU-
MENTATION .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating is authorized to issue certificates of docu-mentation with effective periods of 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, or 5 years. ‘‘(1) P
HASED IN ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES .— ‘‘(A) In fiscal year 2019, vessel owners or operators with vessel documentation num-bers ending in 0, 1, 2, 3 shall be qualified to apply for a renewal certificate of documenta-tion with an effective period of 5 years. Al-ternatively, vessel owners or operators with vessel documentation numbers ending in 0, 1, 2, 3 may elect to apply for a renewal certifi-cate of documentation with an effective pe-riod of 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, or 4 years. All other vessel owners and operators shall be qualified to apply for an initial or renewal certificate with an effective period of 1 year. ‘‘(B) In fiscal year 2020, vessel owners or operators with vessel documentation num-bers ending in 4, 5, or 6 shall be qualified to apply for a renewal certificate of documenta-tion with an effective period of 5 years. Al-ternatively, vessel owners or operators with vessel documentation numbers ending in 4, 5, or 6 may elect to apply for a renewal certifi-cate of documentation with an effective pe-riod of 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, or 4 years. All other vessel owners and operators shall be qualified to apply for an initial or renewal certificate with an effective period of 1 year. ‘‘(C) In fiscal year 2021, vessel owners or operators with vessel documentation num-bers ending in 7, 8, or 9 shall be qualified to apply for an initial or renewal certificate of documentation with an effective period of 5 years. Alternatively, vessel owners or opera-tors with vessel documentation numbers ending in 7, 8, or 9 may elect to apply for an initial or renewal certificate of documenta-tion with an effective period of 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, or 4 years. All other vessel owners and operators shall be qualified to apply for an initial or renewal certificate with an effective period of 1 year. ‘‘(D) Starting in fiscal year 2022 all vessel owners and operators shall be qualified to apply for a renewal certificate of documenta-tion with effective periods of 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, or 5 years. ‘‘(E) Starting in fiscal year 2019 vessel own-ers and operators applying for an initial cer-tificate of documentation may apply for such documentation with an effective period of 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, or 5 years. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION FOR RENEWAL .—Applica- tions for renewal may be submitted no ear-lier than 90 days prior to the expiration date of a certificate of documentation. ‘‘(3) F
EES.— ‘‘(A) For fiscal years 2019 through 2021, the Secretary shall collect the following fees from vessel owners or operators: ‘‘(i) For a certificate of documentation with an effective period of 5 years the fee collected from the vessel owner or operator shall be $130. ‘‘(ii) For a certificate of documentation with an effective period of 4 years the fee collected from the vessel owner or operator shall be $104. ‘‘(iii) For a certificate of documentation with an effective period of 3 years the fee collected from the vessel owner or operator shall be $78. ‘‘(iv) For a certificate of documentation with an effective period of 2 years the fee collected from the vessel owner or operator shall be $52. ‘‘(v) For a certificate of documentation with an effective period of 1 year the fee col-lected from the vessel owner or operator shall be $26. ‘‘(B) For fiscal years 2022 and thereafter, such fees shall be published in the Federal Register as a direct final rule. Such rule-making shall be exempt from the require-ments of the Administrative Procedure Act (Public Law 79–404; 60 Stat 237). ‘‘(4) F
UNDS AVAILABILITY .—Fees collected for the issuance of certificates of documenta-tion by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited into the account that bore the expense for issuance of such certificate of documentation; and ‘‘(B) shall be available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 3653. EXCEPTION FROM SURVIVAL CRAFT REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 4502(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘a sur-vival craft’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to para-graph (3), a survival craft’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3)(A) Except for a nonapplicable vessel, an auxiliary craft shall satisfy the equip-ment requirement under paragraph (2)(B) if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4490 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(i) it is necessary for normal fishing oper-ations; ‘‘(ii) is readily accessible during an emer-gency; and ‘‘(iii) is capable of safely holding all indi-viduals on board the vessel, in accordance with the Coast Guard capacity rating, when applicable. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘non-applicable vessel’ means a vessel that is— ‘‘(i) operating outside of 12 nautical miles; and ‘‘(ii) required by the Secretary to have an inflatable life raft.’’. 
SEC. 3654. INLAND WATERWAY AND RIVER TEN-DER, AND BAY CLASS ICEBREAKER ACQUISITION PLAN. 
(a) A CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 545 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a plan to replace the aging fleet of in-land waterway and river tenders, and the bay class icebreakers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan described in sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a schedule for the acquisition to begin; (2) the date the first vessel will be deliv-ered; (3) the date the acquisition will be com-plete; (4) a description of the order and location of replacements; (5) an estimate of the cost per vessel and for total acquisition program of record; and (6) an analysis of whether existing vessels can be used. 
SEC. 3655. ARCTIC PLANNING CRITERIA. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PLANNING CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may approve a vessel response plan for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic, for purposes of complying with the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), if the Com-mandant— (A) verifies that equipment included in the plan has been tested and proven capable of operating in the environmental conditions expected in the area in which it is intended to be operated; and (B) verifies that training has been con-ducted by the equipment operators on the equipment listed in the plan within the geo-graphic boundaries of the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic. (2) P
OST-APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—For each plan approved under paragraph (1)— (A) the oil spill removal organization list-ed in the vessel response plan shall conduct regular exercises and drills of the plan in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic; or (B) the oil spill removal organization listed in the vessel response plan may take credit for responses to actual spills or releases in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic instead of con-ducting regular exercises and drills of the plan, if the oil spill removal organization— (i) documents which exercise requirements were met during the response; and (ii) submits a request for credit to and re-ceives approval from the Commandant. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the oil spill prevention and response capabilities for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic. (2) CONTENTS .—The report shall include the following: (A) A description of equipment and assets available for oil spill response under the ves-sel response plans approved for vessels oper-ating in the Captain of the Port Zone, in-cluding details on the provider of such equip-ment and assets. (B) A description of the location of equip-ment and assets that are to be deployed, in-cluding an estimate of the time to deploy the equipment and assets. (C) A determination on the degree of how effectively the oil spill equipment and assets are distributed throughout the Captain of the Port Zone. (D) A statement on whether the ability to maintain and deploy equipment and assets is taken into account when measuring the level of equipment available throughout the Cap-tain of the Port Zone. (E) Validation of port assessment visit process and response resource inventory for oil spill response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the Captain of the Port Zone. (F) A determination of the compliance rate with Federal vessel response plan regula-tions in the Captain of the Port Zone in the previous 3 years. (G) A description of the resources need throughout the Coast Guard to conduct port assessments, exercises, response plan review, and spill responses. (c) D
EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term under section 112 of the Arctic Re-search and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
SEC. 3656. FISHING SAFETY GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) F ISHING SAFETY TRAINING GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 4502(i)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. (b) F
ISHING SAFETY RESEARCH GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 4502(j)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 3657. SAFETY STANDARDS. 
Section 4502(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (2) by striking paragraph (2), and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) shall examine at dockside a vessel de-scribed in subsection (b) at least once every 5 years, but may require an exam at dockside every 2 years for certain vessels described in subsection (b) requested by the owner or op-erator; ‘‘(3) shall issue a certificate of compliance to a vessel meeting the requirements of this chapter and satisfying the requirements in paragraph (2); and’’. 
SEC. 3658. COMMERCIAL FISHING VESSEL SAFE-TY OUTREACH STRATEGY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall de-velop and submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a national communications plan for the purposes of— (1) disseminating information to the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; (2) conducting outreach with the commer-cial fishing vessel industry; (3) facilitating interaction with the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; and (4) releasing information collected under section 703 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this Act, to the commercial fish-ing vessel industry. (b) CONTENT .—The plan required by sub-section (a), and each annual update, shall— (1) employ all available staff, resources, and systems available to the Secretary to ensure the widest dissemination of informa-tion to the commercial fishing vessel indus-try; (2) be individually adapted as necessary by Captain of the Port Zone to ensure the most effective strategy and means to commu-nicate with commercial fishing vessel indus-try; (3) include a means to document all com-munication and outreach conducted with the commercial fishing vessel industry; and (4) include a mechanism to measure effec-tiveness of such plan. (c) U
PDATES .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) update and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the plan required by sub-section (a) not less frequently than once each year; and (2) include input from individual Captains of the Port and any feedback received from the commercial fishing vessel industry under subsection (b)(3). 
SEC. 3659. CONSISTENCY IN MARINE INSPEC-TIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF OFFICER IN CHARGE , MA-
RINE INSPECTION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection’’ has the meaning given the term in section 50.10- 10 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall make it a priority to in-terpret regulations and standards, with re-spect to inspections, enforcement, and ad-ministration under subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, and title 33, United States Code, consistently between all Offi-cers in Charge, Marine Inspections to avoid disruption and undue expense to industry. (c) D
ISCREPANCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Efforts to resolve any dis-agreements regarding the existing condition of a vessel should be made between the local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection con-ducting an inspection and the Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection that issued the most recent Certificate of Inspection or the Marine Safety Center, unless there is a jus-tifiable safety concern. (2) G
OOD FAITH EFFORTS .—The Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection shall make a good faith effort to resolve the discrepance, if pos-sible, or submit a justification for the dis-crepancy to the Commandant of the Coast Guard, via the cognizant District Com-mander, before a decision on the appeal is made. (d) A
PPEALS FROM DECISIONS OR ACTIONS .— The Coast Guard shall provide the necessary information regarding the right of appeal to any person affected by an Office in Charge, Marine Inspection or Marine Safety Center for any unresolved discrepancy and facilitate the process for appealing that decision or ac-tion under parts 1 through 4 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations. (e) R
EPORT ON MARINE INSPECTOR TRAIN-
ING.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the training, experience, and qualifications re-quired for assignment as a marine inspector under section 57 of title 14, United States Code, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4491 July 27, 2017 
(1) a description of any continuing edu-cation requirement, including a specific list of the courses; (2) a description of the training, including a specific list of the courses, offered to a journeyman or an advanced journeyman ma-rine inspector to advance inspection exper-tise; (3) a description of any training that was offered in the 15-year period before the date of enactment of this Act, but is no longer re-quired or offered, including a specific list of the courses, including the senior marine in-spector course and any plan review courses; (4) a justification for why a course de-scribed in paragraph (3) is no longer required or offered; and (5) a list of the course content the Com-mandant considers necessary to promote consistency among marine inspectors in an environment of increasingly complex vessels and vessel systems. Subtitle D—Maritime Security 
SEC. 3661. MARITIME BORDER SECURITY CO-OPERATION. 
The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall, in ac-cordance with law— (1) partner with other Federal, State, and local government agencies to leverage exist-ing technology, including camera systems and other sensors, to provide continuous monitoring of high-risk maritime borders, as determined by the Secretary; and (2) enter into such agreements as the Sec-retary considers necessary to ensure 24-hour monitoring of such technology. 
SEC. 3662. CURRENCY DETECTION CANINE TEAM PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ANINE CURRENCY DETECTION TEAM .—The term ‘‘canine currency detection team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect currency. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to allow the use of canine currency detection teams for purposes of Coast Guard maritime law enforcement and maritime security oper-ations, including underway vessel boardings. (c) O
PERATION .—The Secretary may co-operate with, or enter into an agreement with, the head of another Federal agency to meet the requirements under subsection (b). 
SEC. 3663. CONFIDENTIAL INVESTIGATIVE EX-PENSES. 
Section 658 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$45,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$250,000’’. 
SEC. 3664. MONITORING OF ILLEGAL, UNRE-PORTED, AND UNREGULATED FISH-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall conduct a 1-year pilot program to determine the impact of persistent use of dif-ferent types of surveillance systems on ille-gal maritime activities in the Western Pa-cific regions. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program shall— (1) consider using light aircraft-based de-tection systems which can identify potential illegal activity from higher altitudes and produce enforcement-quality evidence at lower altitudes; and (2) be directed at detecting and deterring illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing and enhancing maritime domain awareness. 
SEC. 3665. STRATEGIC ASSETS IN THE ARCTIC. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Arctic continues to grow in signifi-cance to both the national security interests and the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) the Coast Guard must ensure it is posi-tioned to respond to any accident, incident, or threat with appropriate assets. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and taking into consideration the Department of De-fense 2016 Arctic Strategy, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress toward implementing the stra-tegic objectives described in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013. (d) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (c) shall include— (1) a description of the Coast Guard’s progress toward each strategic objective; (2) plans to provide communications throughout the entire Coastal Western Alas-ka Captain of the Port zone to improve wa-terway safety and mitigate close calls, colli-sions, and other dangerous interactions be-tween the shipping industry and subsistence hunters; (3) plans to prevent marine casualties, when possible, by ensuring vessels avoid en-vironmentally sensitive areas and perma-nent security zones; (4) an explanation of— (A) whether it is feasible to establish a ves-sel traffic service, using existing resources or otherwise; and (B) whether an Arctic Response Center of Expertise is necessary to address the gaps in experience, skills, equipment, resources, training, and doctrine to prepare, respond to, and recover spilled oil in the Arctic; (5) an assessment of whether sufficient agreements are in place to ensure the Coast Guard is receiving the information it needs to carry out its responsibilities; (6) an assessment of the assets and infra-structure necessary to meet the strategic ob-jectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013 based on factors such as— (A) response time; (B) coverage area; (C) endurance on scene; (D) presence; and (E) deterrence; and (7) an analysis of National Security Cut-ters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and Fast Re-sponse Cutters capabilities based on the fac-tors described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (6), both stationed from var-ious Alaska ports and in other locations. 
SEC. 3666. FLEET REQUIREMENTS ASSESSMENT AND STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with in-terested Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report including— (1) an assessment of Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements to support its statutory missions established in the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.); and (2) a strategic plan for meeting the require-ments identified under paragraph (1). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements are currently being met; (B) the Coast Guard’s current fleet, its operational lifespan, and how the aging of the fleet will impact at-sea operational needs; (C) fleet operations and recommended im-provements to minimize costs and extend operational vessel life spans; and (D) actual cutter requirements for the Fast Response Cutter, the Offshore Patrol Cutter, and the National Security Cutter to meet at- sea operational needs as compared to planned acquisitions under the current pro-grams of record; (2) an analysis of— (A) how the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements are currently met, includ-ing the use of the Coast Guard’s current cut-ter fleet, agreements with partners, char-tered vessels, and unmanned vehicle tech-nology; and (B) how existing and planned cutter pro-grams of record meet the at-sea operational requirements, including the Fast Response Cutter, the Offshore Patrol Cutter, and the National Security Cutter; and (3) a description of— (A) planned manned and unmanned vessel acquisition; and (B) how such acquisitions will change the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea oper-ational requirements are met. (c) CONSULTATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—In consulting with the Federal and non-Federal stakeholders under subsection (a), the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (A) provide the stakeholders with opportu-nities for input— (i) prior to initially drafting the report, in-cluding the assessment and strategic plan; and (ii) not later than 3 months prior to final-izing the report, including the assessment and strategic plan, for submission; and (B) document the input and its disposition in the report. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—All input provided under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. 
SEC. 3667. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON CERTAIN TASK FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the Joint Interagency Task Force South (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘JIATF- South’’) is an exemplary program that exe-cutes its counter-narcotics mission with dis-tinction and in a cost-effective manner. (b) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall study each of the fol-lowing task forces and compare the execu-tion of the task force’s counter-narcotics and illegal migrant operation to that of the JIATF-South: (1) The Joint Interagency Task Force West (referred to in this section as the ‘‘JIATF- West’’). (2) The Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Joint Task Forces (referred to in this section as the ‘‘DHS–JTF’’). (c) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (b), the Comptroller Gen-eral shall, at a minimum— (1) review the JIATF-West Counter-narcotics Operations Center and its perform-ance of its mission to support counter-nar-cotics missions by United States law en-forcement agencies; (2) compare the JIATF-West, DHS–JTFs, and JIATF-South organizational and man-ning structure; (3) assess the JIATF-West’s current organi-zational and manning structure as it relates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4492 July 27, 2017 
to JIATF-West’s ability to conduct counter- narcotics missions; (4) review the JIATF-West’s December 2015–May 2017 reorganization initiative and its impact, if any, on improving mission per-formance; (5) review the JIATF-West’s leadership, in-cluding an assessment of— (A) the role of a Coast Guard flag officer as the director as compared to the Coast Guard’s role in JIAFT-South; and (B) the process used by the JIATF-West for developing and implementing its December 2015–May 2017 reorganization initiative, in-cluding how it assessed progress and solic-ited feedback on the initiative; (C) its general management and personnel practices, and their impact, if any, on mis-sion performance; (6) include recommendations for improving the JIATF-West’s performance; and (7) review whether there is any redundancy between DHS–JTF and JIATF-South or JIATF-West. (d) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study under subsection (b), including any recommendations for improving the counter- narcotics and illegal migrant operations of the JIATF-West or DHS–JTF. 
SEC. 3668. SAFETY OF VESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 91 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ naval ves- sels’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels of the armed forces’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the armed forces’’; and (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘senior naval officer present in command’’ and inserting ‘‘senior officer present in command’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States naval ves-sel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the armed forces’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by amending the item re-lating to section 91 to read as follows: ‘‘91. Safety of vessels of the armed forces.’’. 
SEC. 3669. PROTECTING AGAINST UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROTECTING AGAINST UNMANNED AIR-
CRAFT .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 91, the following: ‘‘§ 91A. Protecting against unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding title 18 (including section 32 (commonly known as the Aircraft Sabotage Act), section 1030 (commonly known as the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act), sections 2510–2522 (com-monly known as the Wiretap Act), and sec-tions 3121–3127 (commonly known as the Pen/ Trap Statute)), and section 46502 of title 49, the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, may take such action as necessary to miti-gate, prevent, or respond to the operation of an unmanned aircraft that could interfere with the security or safe navigation of— ‘‘(1) any vessel or aircraft of the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(2) any vessel the Coast Guard is assisting or escorting. ‘‘(b) R
EMEDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The exclusive remedy for any cause of action by the owner or operator of an unmanned aircraft arising from such action as necessary taken under this section shall be limited to the monetary value of the unmanned aircraft at the time such action as necessary is taken. ‘‘(2) INDEMNIFICATION .—The senior member present and all persons acting under that of-ficer’s direction shall be indemnified from any penalties or actions for damages arising from such action as necessary taken under this section. ‘‘(c) P
OLICY DEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Trans-portation, shall develop policy for the ac-tions authorized in subsection (a). ‘‘(d) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any notice, regulation, or amendment to an existing regulation pro-mulgated pursuant to this section shall be deemed a military function of the United States, and the Secretary shall promulgate such notice, regulation, or amendment with-out regard to chapters 5 and 6 of title 5, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to publish information concerning any aspect of any as-sistance or escort that the Coast Guard may conduct. ‘‘(e) P
ENALTIES .—Any person who operates an unmanned aircraft which interferes with the security or safe navigation of a vessel or aircraft described in subsection (a) shall be subject to a civil penalty or criminal pen-alty. ‘‘(1) C
IVIL PENALTY .— ‘‘(A) Any person whom Secretary the finds, after notice and an opportunity for a hear-ing, to have violated this section or a regula-tion issued hereunder shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, not to ex-ceed $25,000 for each violation. The amount of such civil penalty shall be assessed by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, by written notice. In determining the amount of such penalty, the Secretary shall take into account the nature, circumstances, extent and gravity of the prohibited acts committed and, with respect to the violator, the degree of culpability, any history of prior offenses, ability to pay, and such other matters as jus-tice may require. ‘‘(B) The Secretary may compromise, mod-ify, or remit, with or without conditions, any civil penalty which is subject to imposi-tion or which has been imposed under this section. ‘‘(C) If any person fails to pay an assess-ment of a civil penalty after it has become final, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney General of the United States, for collection in any appropriate district court of the United States. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(A) Any person who willfully and know-ingly violates this section or any regulation issued hereunder commits a class D felony. ‘‘(B) Any person who, in the willful and knowing violation of this section or of any regulation issued hereunder engages in con-duct that causes bodily injury to any person or damage to any vessel or aircraft described in subsection (a) commits a class C felony. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
NTERFERE .—The term ‘interfere’, with respect to security or safe navigation, means— ‘‘(A) inflict or otherwise cause physical harm to a person; ‘‘(B) inflict or otherwise cause damage to a vessel or aircraft described in subsection (a); ‘‘(C) impede the operation of a vessel or aircraft described in subsection (a), includ-ing the diversion of a crewmember from a duty related to such vessel or aircraft; ‘‘(D) conduct unauthorized surveillance or reconnaissance; or ‘‘(E) result in unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, classified, or otherwise law-fully protected information. ‘‘(2) S
UCH ACTION AS NECESSARY .—The term ‘such action as necessary’ means any action to disable, disrupt or exercise control of, seize, or destroy an unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(3) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term‘unmanned aircraft’ has the meaning given the term in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading for section 91, by strik-ing ‘‘naval vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘
VESSELS  
OF THE ARMED FORCES ’’; and (2) in the analysis for chapter 5— (A) in the item relating to section 91, by striking ‘‘naval vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘ves-sels of the armed forces’’; and (B) by inserting, after the item relating to section 91, the following: ‘‘91A. Protecting against unmanned air-craft.’’. 
SEC. 3670. JURISDICTION AND VENUE. 
Section 70504(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the district court of the United States for—’’ and inserting ‘‘in any district court of the United States.’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2). Subtitle E—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 3681. SHIP SHOAL LIGHTHOUSE TRANSFER; REPEAL. 
Section 27 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2218) is repealed. 
SEC. 3682. ACQUISITION WORKFORCE EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY. 
(a) E XPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 563 the following: ‘‘§ 563a. Acquisition workforce expedited hir-ing authority ‘‘For purposes of section 3304 of title 5, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may— ‘‘(1) designate any category of acquisition positions within the Coast Guard as shortage category positions; and ‘‘(2) use the authorities in such section to recruit and appoint highly qualified persons directly to positions so designated.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 563 the following: ‘‘563a. Acquisition workforce expedited hir-ing authority.’’. (3) R
EPEAL .—Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950) is repealed. (b) A
CQUISITION WORKFORCE REEMPLOYMENT  A
UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 15 of title 14, as amended by subsection (a) of this section, is further amended by inserting after section 563a the following: ‘‘§ 563b. Acquisition workforce reemployment authority ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), if an annuitant receiving an annuity from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund becomes employed in any category of acquisition positions des-ignated by the Commandant of the Coast Guard under section 563a of this title, the an-nuity of an annuitant so employed shall con-tinue. An annuitant so reemployed shall not be considered an employee for purposes of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5. ‘‘(b)(1) E
LECTION .—An annuitant retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8414(b)(1)(A) of title 5, receiving an annuity from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, who becomes employed in a position within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4493 July 27, 2017 
the Coast Guard after the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’, may elect to be subject to section 8344 or 8468 of such title (as the case may be). ‘‘(A) D
EADLINE .—An election for coverage under this subsection shall be filed not later than 90 days after the Commandant takes reasonable actions to notify employees who may file an election. ‘‘(B) C
OVERAGE .—If an employee files an election under this subsection, coverage shall be effective beginning on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after the date of the filing of the elec-tion. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—Paragraph (1) shall apply to an individual who is eligible to file an election under paragraph (1) and does not file a timely election under this sub-section.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, as amended in subsection (a) of this section, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 563a the following: ‘‘563b. Acquisition workforce reemployment authority.’’. 
SEC. 3683. DRAWBRIDGES. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to ensure the public is made aware of any temporary change to a drawbridge oper-ating schedule; and (2) to ensure the operators are maintaining logbook records of drawbridge movement. (b) T
EMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  O
PERATING SCHEDULES .—Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by adding at the end the following— ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  O
PERATING SCHEDULES .—Notwithstanding section 553 of title 5, United States Code, whenever a temporary change to the oper-ating schedule of a drawbridge, lasting 180 days or less— ‘‘(1) is approved— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(i) issue a deviation approval letter to the bridge owner; and ‘‘(ii) announce the temporary change in— ‘‘(I) the Local Notice to Mariners; ‘‘(II) broadcast notices to mariners through radio stations; or ‘‘(III) such other local media as the Sec-retary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(B) the bridge owner, except a railroad bridge owner, shall notify— ‘‘(i) the public by publishing notice of the temporary change in a newspaper of general circulation published in the place where the bridge is located; ‘‘(ii) the department, agency, or office of transportation with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; and ‘‘(iii) the law enforcement organization with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; or ‘‘(2) is denied, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the request, provide the bridge owner in writing the reasons for the denial, including any supporting data and evidence used to make the determination; and ‘‘(B) provide the bridge owner a reasonable opportunity to address each reason for the denial and resubmit the request. ‘‘(e) DRAWBRIDGE MOVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(1) shall require a drawbridge operator to record each movement of the drawbridge in a logbook; ‘‘(2) may inspect the log to ensure draw-bridge movement is in accordance with the posted operating schedule; ‘‘(3) shall review whether deviations from the posted operating schedule are impairing vehicular and pedestrian traffic; and ‘‘(4) may determine if the operating sched-ule should be adjusted for efficiency of mari-time or vehicular and pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
ECORDS .—An operator of a draw-bridge built across a navigable river or other water of the United States— ‘‘(A) that opens the draw of such bridge for the passage of a vessel, shall maintain for not less than 5 years a logbook record of— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator for each opening; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened for navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed for navigation; ‘‘(v) the number and direction of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vi) the types of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vii) an estimated or known size (height, length, and beam) of the largest vessel pass-ing through during each opening; ‘‘(viii) for each vessel, the vessel name and registration number if easily observable; and ‘‘(ix) all maintenance openings, malfunc-tions, or other comments; and ‘‘(B) that remains open to navigation but closes to allow for trains to cross, shall maintain for not less than 5 years a record of— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened to navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed to navigation; and ‘‘(v) all maintenance openings, malfunc-tions, or other comments. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION OF RECORDS .—At the re-quest of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, a draw-bridge operator shall submit to the Sec-retary such logbook records under paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION .—The requirements under paragraph (1) of this section shall be exempt from sections 3501 through 3521 of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 3684. INCENTIVE CONTRACT; COAST GUARD YARD AND INDUSTRIAL ESTABLISH-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever the parties to a project order for industrial work to be per-formed by the Coast Guard Yard or a des-ignated Coast Guard industrial establish-ment agree that delivery or technical per-formance of the wage-grade industrial em-ployees may, during the term of such project order, improve, the parties to such project order may, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, including any provision of law that provides for the time or purpose of ap-propriated funds, enter into an incentive project order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee project order by which an agreed upon amount of the adjustment to be made pursu-ant to section 648(a) of title 14, United States Code, may, notwithstanding that provision of law or any other provision of law, be dis-tributed as an incentive to the wage-grade industrial employees who completed the project order. (b) C
ONDITION .—Before entering into an in-centive project order or a cost-plus-incen-tive-fee project order, the commanding offi-cer of the Coast Guard Yard or the com-manding officer of the Coast Guard indus-trial establishment, as the case may be, shall complete a determination and finding for such incentive project order or cost-plus-in-centive-fee project order that justifies the use of such project order as in the best inter-est of the Federal Government. (c) TREATMENT OF INCENTIVE AWARD .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, in the event that the industrial workforce of the Coast Guard Yard or a Coast Guard in-dustrial establishment satisfies the perform-ance target set out in an incentive project order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee project order— (1) the adjustment to be made pursuant to section 648(a) of title 14, United States Code, shall, notwithstanding that provision of law, be reduced by the agreed amount and distrib-uted as an incentive to such wage-grade in-dustrial employees; and (2) the remainder of the adjustment shall be credited to the appropriation current at that time. 
SEC. 3685. COAST GUARD HEALTH-CARE PROFES-SIONALS; LICENSURE PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1094(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall apply in the same manner and to the same degree as such section applies to a health-care professional described in subsection (d)(2) of that section to a health-care professional described in subsection (b) of this section. (b) H
EALTH -CARE PROFESSIONAL .—A health- care professional described in this subsection is a member of the Coast Guard, civilian em-ployee of the Coast Guard, member of the Public Health Service assigned to the Coast Guard, personal services contractor under section 1091 of title 10, United States Code, or other health-care professional credentialed and privileged at a Federal health care institution or location specially designated by the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating for this purpose who— (1) has a current license to practice medi-cine, osteopathic medicine, dentistry, or an-other health profession; and (2) is performing authorized duties for the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 3686. LAND EXCHANGE; AYAKULIK ISLAND, ALASKA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE ; A YAKULIK ISLAND , A
LASKA .—If the owner of Ayakulik Island, Alaska, offers to exchange the Island for the Tract— (1) within 10 days after receiving such offer, the Secretary shall provide notice of the offer to the Commandant; (2) within 60 days after receiving the notice under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall develop and transmit to the Secretary pro-posed operational restrictions on commer-cial activity conducted on the Tract, includ-ing the right of the Commandant to— (A) order the immediate termination, for a period of up to 72 hours, of any activity oc-curring on or from the Tract that violates or threatens to violate 1 or more of such re-strictions; or (B) commence a civil action for appro-priate relief, including a permanent or tem-porary injunction enjoining the activity that violates or threatens to violate such restric-tions; (3) within 30 days after receiving the pro-posed operational restrictions from the Com-mandant, the Secretary shall transmit such restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island; and (4) within 30 days after transmitting the proposed operational restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island, and if the owner agrees to such restrictions, the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4494 July 27, 2017 
shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner, subject to an easement granted to the Commandant to enforce such restrictions, in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (b) B
OUNDARY REVISIONS .—The Secretary may make technical and conforming revi-sions to the boundaries of the Tract before the date of the exchange. (c) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—Effective on the date of an exchange under subsection (a), Public Land Order 5550 shall have no force or effect with respect to submerged lands that are part of the Tract. (d) F
AILURE TO TIMELY RESPOND TO NO-
TICE.—If the Commandant does not transmit proposed operational restrictions to the Sec-retary within 60 days after receiving the no-tice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 75 days after trans-mitting such notice, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner of Ayakulik Island in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (e) CERCLA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section and an ex-change under this section shall not be con-strued to limit the application of or other-wise affect section 120(h) of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (2) E
XEMPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), the Coast Guard shall be exempt from liability under the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Com-mandant’’ means the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RACT .—The term ‘‘Tract’’ means the land (including submerged land) depicted as ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE AREA’’ on the survey titled ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE PARCEL’’ and dated March 22, 2017. 
SEC. 3687. ABANDONED SEAFARERS FUND AMENDMENTS. 
Section 11113 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘may be appropriated to the Secretary’’ in the matter before subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘shall be available to the Secretary without further appropriation, and shall remain available until expended,’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘plus a surcharge of 25 percent of such total amount,’’ after ‘‘seafarer,’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A); and (B) by striking paragraph (4). 
SEC. 3688. SMALL SHIPYARD CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 667 the following: ‘‘§ 667a. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects ‘‘The assignment of Coast Guard vessel conversion, alteration, and repair projects shall be based on economic and military con-siderations and may not be restricted by a requirement that certain parts of Coast Guard shipwork be assigned to a particular type of shipyard or geographical area or by a similar requirement.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 667 the following: ‘‘667a. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects.’’. SEC. 3689. WESTERN CHALLENGER; CERTIFICATE OF DOCUMENTATION. 
Section 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3062) is amended by inserting ‘‘and a fisheries en-dorsement’’ after ‘‘endorsement’’. 
SEC. 3690. RADAR REFRESHER TRAINING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prescribe a final rule eliminating the requirement that a mariner actively using the mariner’s credential complete an approved refresher or recertification course to maintain a radar observer endorsement. This rulemaking shall be exempt from chap-ters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. 
SEC. 3691. VESSEL RESPONSE PLAN AUDIT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR AUDIT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an audit of the verification and approval process of the Coast Guard for vessel response plans re-quired under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321). (b) R
EVIEW AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—The audit required by subsection (a) shall— (1) review and make recommendations re-garding the verification and approval process of the Coast Guard for vessel response plans required under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321) for— (A) the current Coast Guard staffing model and organization used for such process; (B) the amount of time expended by the Coast Guard verifying and approving such vessel response plans; and (C) the amount of time expended by the Coast Guard for verification and approval of a single such vessel response plan; and (2) include a detailed analysis of— (A) such process beginning with initial sub-mission from the vessel through final ap-proval; (B) how such process ensures compliance with applicable statutes and regulations; (C) the role of local and regional Coast Guard units in such process; (D) any public comment or other forms of engagement with regional stakeholders, in-cluding State governments and Indian tribes; (E) any engagement or utilization of Fed-eral or State agency resources and consulta-tion, including weather data systems, oil spill trajectory modeling, or risk manage-ment information for the purposes of review-ing vessel response plans; (F) how the Coast Guard verifies avail-ability and contractual obligation of re-sources required in a such a vessel response plan; (G) the resources available and used by the Coast Guard to verify operational capability and capacity of equipment listed in a vessel response plan for the applicable operating environment; (H) how the Coast Guard verifies alternate measures when a vessel cannot meet the Na-tional Planning Criteria; (I) the weather data, modeling software, and information systems available and used by the Coast Guard when determining com-pliance for response resource mobilization times stipulated in regulation; (J) how the Coast Guard factors in regional specific adverse weather, as defined in sec-tion 155.1020 of title 33, Code of Federal Regu-lations, in determining compliance for re-sponse resource mobilization times stipu-lated in regulation; (K) how the Coast Guard reviews and verifies previously approved vessel response plans for compliance when there is a change in statute or regulation which effects re-sponse planning criteria or resource mobili-zation times; (L) the Coast Guard process for calculating compliance for response resource mobiliza-tion times stipulated in statute and regula-tion; (M) how the Coast Guard verifies avail-ability and compliance with response re-source mobilization requirements for dif-ferent geographic regions; (N) how the Coast Guard ensures vessel re-sponse plans are adapted and updated to ac-count for new regional response needs, such as regional trends of transportation of heavy oils and volume of traffic; (O) the Coast Guard processes and actions taken if an approved vessel response plan is discovered to be noncompliant; (P) how such process could be improved; and (Q) the resources needed to improve such process. SEC. 3692. CENTER OF EXPERTISE FOR GREAT LAKES OIL SPILL RESEARCH AND RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall estab-lish a Center of Expertise for Great Lakes Oil Spill Preparedness and Response (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Center of Ex-pertise’’) in accordance with section 58 of title 14, United States Code. (b) L
OCATION .—The Center of Expertise shall be located in close proximity to— (1) critical crude oil transportation infra-structure on and connecting the Great Lakes, such as submerged pipelines and high- traffic navigation locks; and (2) an institution of higher education with adequate aquatic research laboratory facili-ties and capabilities and expertise in Great Lakes aquatic ecology, environmental chem-istry, fish and wildlife, and water resources. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Center of Expertise shall— (1) monitor and assess, on an ongoing basis, the current state of knowledge regard-ing freshwater oil spill response technologies and the behavior and effects of oil spills in the Great Lakes; (2) identify any significant gaps in Great Lakes oil spill research, including an assess-ment of major scientific or technological de-ficiencies in responses to past spills in the Great Lakes and other freshwater bodies, and seek to fill those gaps; (3) conduct research, development, testing, and evaluation for freshwater oil spill re-sponse equipment, technologies, and tech-niques to mitigate and respond to oil spills in the Great Lakes; (4) educate and train Federal, State, and local first responders located in United States Coast Guard District 9 in— (A) the incident command system struc-ture; (B) Great Lakes oil spill response tech-niques and strategies; and (C) public affairs; and (5) work with academic and private sector response training centers to develop and standardize maritime oil spill response training and techniques for use on the Great Lakes. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Great Lakes’’ means Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4495 July 27, 2017 
Subtitle F—Department of Commerce Vessels 
SEC. 3701. WAIVERS FOR CERTAIN CONTRACTS. 
Section 3134 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security,’’ after ‘‘Air Force,’’ each place it appears; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
OMMERCE .—The Secretary of Com-merce may waive this subchapter with re-spect to contracts for the construction, al-teration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Act entitled ‘An Act to define the functions and duties of the Coast and Geodetic Survey, and for other purposes’, approved August 6, 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.).’’. Subtitle G—Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017 
SEC. 3711. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 3712. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 308 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,490,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’. 
SEC. 3713. RECORD OF MEETINGS AND VOTES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 303. Meetings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission shall be deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. ‘‘(b) R
ECORD .—The Commission, through its secretary, shall keep a record of its meet-ings and the votes taken on any action, order, contract, or financial transaction of the Commission. ‘‘(c) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552b of title 5, a majority of the Commis-sioners may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— ‘‘(A) no formal or informal vote or other official agency action is taken at the meet-ing; ‘‘(B) each individual present at the meet-ing is a Commissioner or an employee of the Commission; and ‘‘(C) the General Counsel of the Commis-sion is present at the meeting. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meeting under paragraph (1), the Commission shall make available to the public, in a place easily ac-cessible to the public— ‘‘(A) a list of the individuals present at the meeting; and ‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed at the meeting, except for any matters the Commission properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—If the Commission prop-erly determines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Commission shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. ‘‘(4) O
NGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a meeting under paragraph (1) directly relates to an on-going proceeding before the Commission, the Commission shall make the disclosure under paragraph (2) on the date of the final Com-mission decision. ‘‘(5) P
RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the Commis-sioners other than that described in this sub-section. ‘‘(6) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to any informa-tion which is proposed to be withheld from the public under paragraph (2)(B) of this sub-section; or ‘‘(B) to authorize the Commission to with-hold from any individual any record that is accessible to that individual under section 552a of title 5.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by amending the item re-lating to section 303 to read as follows: ‘‘303. Meetings.’’. 
SEC. 3714. PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
(a) N OTICE OF FILING .—Section 40304(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) N
OTICE OF FILING .—Not later than 7 days after the date an agreement is filed, the Federal Maritime Commission shall— ‘‘(1) transmit a notice of the filing to the Federal Register for publication; and ‘‘(2) request interested persons to submit relevant information and documents.’’. (b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION AND DOCU-
MENTS .—Section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’. (c) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, may be construed— (1) to prevent the Federal Maritime Com-mission from requesting from a person, at any time, any additional information or doc-uments the Commission considers necessary to carry out chapter 403 of title 46, United States Code; (2) to prescribe a specific deadline for the submission of relevant information and doc-uments in response to a request under sec-tion 40304(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code; or (3) to limit the authority of the Commis-sion to request information under section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 3715. REPORTS FILED WITH THE COMMIS-SION. 
Section 40104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission may require a common carrier or marine terminal operator, or an officer, receiver, trustee, lessee, agent, or employee of the common carrier or marine terminal operator to file with the Commission a peri-odical or special report, an account, record, rate, or charge, or a memorandum of facts and transactions related to the business of the common carrier or marine terminal op-erator, as applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report, account, record, rate, charge, or memorandum shall— ‘‘(A) be made under oath if the Commission requires; and ‘‘(B) be filed in the form and within the time prescribed by the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 3716. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Maritime Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives biannual reports that describe the Commission’s progress toward addressing the issues raised in each unfinished regulatory proceeding, regardless of whether the pro-ceeding is subject to a statutory or regu-latory deadline. (b) FORMAT OF REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall, among other things, clearly identify for each unfinished regulatory proceeding— (1) the popular title; (2) the current stage of the proceeding; (3) an abstract of the proceeding; (4) what prompted the action in question; (5) any applicable statutory, regulatory, or judicial deadline; (6) the associated docket number; (7) the date the rulemaking was initiated; (8) a date for the next action; and (9) if a date for next action identified in the previous report is not met, the reason for the delay. 
SEC. 3717. NEGOTIATIONS. 
(a) E XCEPTIONS .—Section 40307(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘tug operators,’’ after ‘‘motor carriers,’’. (b) C
ONCERTED ACTION .—Section 41105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘non-ocean carrier’’ and in-serting ‘‘tug operator, non-ocean carrier,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘tug operators or’’ after ‘‘States by those’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (6) through (9), respec-tively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) negotiate with a marine terminal op-erator on any rate or service matter associ-ated with certain covered services provided to ocean common carriers within the United States by those marine terminal operators, unless the negotiations and any resulting agreements are not in violation of the anti-trust laws and are consistent with the pur-poses of this part, except that this paragraph does not prohibit the setting and publishing of a joint through rate by a conference, joint venture, or association of ocean common carriers;’’; (4) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A conference’’ and indenting appropriately; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERV-
ICES.—In this section, the term ‘certain cov-ered services’ means berthing, the loading or unloading of cargo to or from a vessel to or from a point of rest on a wharf, the bun-kering of such a vessel, towage and tug as-sistance of such a vessel, or the positioning, removal, or replacement of navigation buoys.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
ONTENT REQUIREMENTS .—Section 40303(b)(5) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 41105(1) or (3) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or paragraph (3) of section 41105(a) of this title’’; and (2) A
WARD OF REPARATIONS .—Section 41305(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 41105(1) or (3) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or paragraph (3) of section 41105(a) of this title’’. (d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Department of Justice regarding anti-trust matters. 
SEC. 3718. PROHIBITIONS AND PENALTIES. 
Section 41104(11) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(11) knowingly and willfully accept cargo from or transport cargo for the account of a non-vessel-operating common carrier that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4496 July 27, 2017 
does not have a tariff as required by section 40501 of this title, or an ocean transportation intermediary that does not have a bond, in-surance, or other surety as required by sec-tion 40902 of this title; or’’. Subtitle H—Vessel Incidental Discharge Act 
SEC. 3721. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Incidental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. 3722. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a non-indigenous species (including a pathogen) that threatens the diversity or abundance of native species or the ecological stability of navigable waters of the United States, or commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activities dependent on such waters. (3) B
ALLAST WATER .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water and suspended mat-ter taken on board a commercial vessel to control or maintain trim, draught, stability, or stresses of the commercial vessel, regard-less of how it is carried. (4) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘ballast water discharge standard’’ means the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, or section 151.1511 of such title, or a revised numerical ballast water discharge standard established under section 805, as applicable. (5) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— The term ‘‘ballast water management sys-tem’’ means any system (including all bal-last water treatment equipment and all asso-ciated control and monitoring equipment) that processes ballast water to kill, render harmless, or remove organisms. (6) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ means a vessel (as defined in section 3 of title 1, United States Code) that is en-gaged in commercial service (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ does not include a recreational ves-sel. (7) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL  
OPERATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I)(aa) graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator effluent, anti-foul-ing hull coating leachate, boiler or econo-mizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic protection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, distillation and re-verse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system effluent, freshwater layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gas-oline and compensating effluent, refrigera-tion and air condensate effluent, seawater piping biofouling prevention substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome efflu-ent, exhaust gas scrubber washwater, or stern tube packing gland effluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, shipboard maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protective, preservative, or absorp-tive application to the hull of a commercial vessel; (II) deck runoff, deck washdown, above the waterline hull cleaning effluent, aqueous film forming foam effluent, chain locker ef-fluent, non-oily machinery wastewater, un-derwater ship husbandry effluent, welldeck effluent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly func-tioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navi-gable waters of the United States in connec-tion with the testing, maintenance, or repair of a system, equipment, or engine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) when-ever the commercial vessel is waterborne. (B) EXCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel’’ does not include— (i) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I) ballast water; (II) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged over-board; (III) oil or a hazardous substance (as such terms are defined in section 311 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321)); or (IV) sewage (as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6))); or (ii) any emission of an air pollutant result-ing from the operation onboard a commer-cial vessel of a commercial vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or inciner-ator; or (iii) any discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel when the commercial vessel is operating in a capacity other than as a means of transpor-tation on water. (8) G
ENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘‘General Permit’’ means the Final National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Vessel Gen-eral Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel noticed in the Federal Register on April 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 21938). (9) G
EOGRAPHICALLY LIMITED AREA .—The term ‘‘geographically limited area’’ means an area— (A) with a physical limitation that pre-vents a commercial vessel from operating outside the area, such as the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River, as determined by the Secretary; or (B) that is ecologically homogeneous, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments or agencies the Secretary considers appro-priate. (10) M
AJOR CONVERSION .—The term ‘‘major conversion’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2101(14a) of title 46, United States Code. (11) N
AVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘navigable waters of the United States’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2101(17a) of title 46, United States Code. (12) O
WNER OR OPERATOR .—The term ‘‘owner or operator’’ means a person owning, operating, or chartering by demise a com-mercial vessel. (13) P
OLLUTANT .—The term ‘‘pollutant’’ has the meaning given such term in section 502(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362(6)). (14) R
ECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘‘rec-reational vessel’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2101(25) of title 46, United States Code. (15) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. 3723. EXISTING BALLAST WATER REGULA-TIONS. 
(a) E FFECT ON EXISTING REGULATIONS .— Any regulation issued pursuant to the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 that is in effect on the date immediately preceding the effective date of this subtitle, and that relates to a matter subject to regulation under this sub-title, shall remain in full force and effect un-less or until superseded by a new regulation issued under this subtitle relating to such matter. (b) APPLICATION OF OTHER REGULATIONS .— The regulations issued pursuant to the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) re-lating to sanctions for violating a regulation under that Act shall apply to violations of a regulation issued under this subtitle. 
SEC. 3724. BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), and subject to sections 151.2035 and 151.2036 of title 33, Code of Federal Regu-lations (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act), an owner or operator may discharge ballast water into navigable waters of the United States from a commer-cial vessel covered under subsection (b) only if— (A) by applying the best available tech-nology economically achievable, the dis-charge meets the ballast water discharge standard; and (B) the owner or operator discharges the ballast water in accordance with other re-quirements established by the Secretary. (2) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS ENTERING THE  
GREAT LAKES SYSTEM AND HUDSON RIVER .—If a commercial vessel enters the Great Lakes through the Saint Lawrence River or the Hudson River north of the George Wash-ington Bridge after operating outside the ex-clusive economic zone of the United States or Canada, the owner or operator shall— (A) comply with the requirements of— (i) paragraph (1); (ii) subpart C of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; and (iii) section 401.30 of such title; and (B) conduct a complete ballast water ex-change in an area that is 200 nautical miles or more from any shore before the owner or operator may discharge ballast water while operating in the Saint Lawrence River or the Great Lakes, subject to any requirements the Secretary determines necessary with re-gard to such exchange, or any ballast water management system that is to be used in conjunction with such exchange, to ensure that any discharge of ballast water complies with the requirements under paragraph (1). (3) S
AFETY EXEMPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), an owner or operator may discharge any ballast water into navi-gable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel if— (A) the ballast water is discharged solely to ensure the safety of life at sea; (B) the ballast water is discharged acciden-tally as the result of damage to the commer-cial vessel or its equipment and— (i) all reasonable precautions to prevent or minimize the discharge have been taken; and (ii) the owner or operator did not willfully or recklessly cause such damage; or (C) the ballast water is discharged solely for the purpose of avoiding or minimizing a discharge from the commercial vessel of a pollutant that would violate an applicable Federal or State law. (4) L
IMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—In estab- lishing requirements under this subsection, the Secretary may not require the installa-tion of a ballast water management system on a commercial vessel that— (A) carries all of its ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge; or (B) discharges ballast water solely into a reception facility described in section 3727. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) C
OVERED VESSELS .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), subsection (a) shall apply to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4497 July 27, 2017 
any commercial vessel that is designed, con-structed, or adapted to carry ballast water while such commercial vessel is operating in navigable waters of the United States. (2) E
XEMPTED VESSELS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— (A) that continuously takes on and dis-charges ballast water in a flow-through sys-tem, if such system does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into navigable waters of the United States, as determined by the Secretary; (B) that operates exclusively within a geo-graphically limited area; (C) that operates pursuant to a geographic restriction issued as a condition under sec-tion 3309 of title 46, United States Code, or an equivalent restriction issued by the coun-try of registration of the commercial vessel; (D) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled to be disposed of through scrapping or sinking; (E) that discharges ballast water con-sisting solely of water taken aboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken aboard, meets the applicable regulations or permit require-ments for such source under the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); or (F) in an alternative compliance program established pursuant to section 3726. (c) T
YPE APPROVAL OF BALLAST WATER  M
ANAGEMENT SYSTEMS THAT RENDER BAL-
LAST WATER ORGANISMS INCAPABLE OF RE-
PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions, a ballast water management system that renders organisms in ballast water in-capable of reproduction at the concentra-tions prescribed in the ballast water dis-charge standard shall be type approved by the Secretary, if— (A) such system— (i) undergoes type approval testing at an independent laboratory designated by the Secretary under such regulations; and (ii) meets the requirements of subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions, other than the requirements related to staining methods or measuring the con-centration of living organisms; and (B) such laboratory uses a type approval testing method described in a final policy letter published under paragraph (2). (2) T
YPE APPROVAL TESTING METHODS .— (A) D
RAFT POLICY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a draft policy letter describing type approval testing methods ca-pable of measuring the concentration of or-ganisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction. (B) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide for a period of not more than 60 days for the public to comment on the draft pol-icy letter published under paragraph (1). (C) F
INAL POLICY .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a final policy let-ter describing type approval testing methods capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction. (D) R
EVISIONS .—The Secretary shall revise such policy letter as additional testing methods are determined by the Secretary to be capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction. (E) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing a pol-icy letter under this paragraph, the Sec-retary— (i) shall consider a type approval testing method that uses organism grow out and most probable number statistical analysis to determine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduc-tion; and (ii) shall not consider a type approval test-ing method that relies on a staining method that measures the concentration of orga-nisms greater than or equal to 10 microm-eters and organisms less than or equal to 50 micrometers. SEC. 3725. REVIEW OF BALLAST WATER DIS-CHARGE STANDARD. 
(a) E FFECTIVENESS REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct reviews in accordance with this section to determine whether revising the ballast water discharge standard based on the appli-cation of the best available technology eco-nomically achievable would result in a re-duction in the risk of the introduction or es-tablishment of aquatic nuisance species. (2) R
EQUIRED REVIEWS .—Not later than Jan-uary 1, 2022, and every 10 years thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator, shall complete a review under paragraph (1). (3) S
TATE PETITIONS FOR REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition requesting the Sec-retary to conduct a review under paragraph (1) if there is significant new information that could reasonably indicate the ballast water discharge standard could be revised to result in a reduction in the risk of the intro-duction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (B) T
IMING .—A Governor may not submit a petition under subparagraph (A) during the 1-year period following the date of comple-tion of a review under paragraph (1). (C) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition submitted to the Secretary under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a proposed ballast water discharge standard that would result in a reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) information regarding any ballast water management systems that may achieve the proposed ballast water discharge standard; (iii) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based, including a description of the risk reduction that would result from the proposed ballast water discharge standard included under clause (i); and (iv) any additional information the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information in-cluded under subparagraph (C). (E) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under subparagraph (A) as a single such peti-tion. (F) A
UTHORITY TO REVIEW .—After receiving a petition that meets the requirements of this paragraph, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, may conduct a review under paragraph (1). (b) P
RACTICABILITY REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines under subsection (a) that revision of the ballast water discharge standard would result in a reduction in the risk of the intro-duction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall conduct a practica-bility review to determine whether— (A) a ballast water management system that is capable of achieving the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised is economically achievable and operationally practicable; and (B) testing protocols that can assure accu-rate measurement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised can be practicably imple-mented. (2) CRITERIA FOR PRACTICABILITY REVIEW .— In conducting a practicability review under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— (A) improvements in the scientific under-standing of biological and ecological proc-esses that lead to the introduction or estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species; (B) improvements in ballast water manage-ment systems, including— (i) the capability of such systems to achieve the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised; (ii) the effectiveness and reliability of such systems in the shipboard environment; (iii) the compatibility of such systems with the design and operation of a commercial vessel by class, type, and size; (iv) the commercial availability of such systems; and (v) the safety of such systems; (C) improvements in the capabilities to de-tect, quantify, and assess whether aquatic nuisance species are capable of reproduction under the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised; (D) the impact of ballast water manage-ment systems on water quality; (E) the costs, cost-effectiveness, and ef-fects of— (i) a revised ballast water discharge stand-ard; and (ii) maintaining the existing ballast water discharge standard; and (F) other criteria that the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) I
NFORMATION FROM STATES .—In con- ducting a practicability review under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall solicit infor-mation from the States concerning matters the Secretary is required to consider under paragraph (2). (c) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD .—The Secretary shall issue a rule to revise the ballast water discharge stand-ard if the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines on the basis of the practicability review under subsection (b) that— (1) a ballast water management system that is capable of achieving the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised is economically achievable and operationally practicable; and (2) testing protocols that can assure accu-rate measurement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised can be practicably imple-mented. (d) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD EFFECTIVE DATE AND COMPLIANCE  D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary issues a rule to revise the ballast water discharge standard under subsection (c), the Secretary shall include in such rule— (A) an effective date for the revised ballast discharge standard that is 3 years after the date on which such rule is published in the Federal Register; and (B) for the owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel that is constructed or completes a major conversion on or after the date that is 3 years after the date on which the rule is published in the Federal Register, a deadline to comply with the revised ballast water dis-charge standard that is the first day on which such commercial vessel operates in navigable waters of the United States. (2) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a process for an owner or operator to submit a petition to the Secretary for an ex-tension of a compliance deadline under para-graph (1)(B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4498 July 27, 2017 
(3) F ACTORS .—In reviewing a petition under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or op-erator to meet a compliance deadline— (A) whether the ballast water management system to be installed, if applicable, is avail-able in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline; (B) whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity; (C) whether there is sufficient availability of engineering and design resources; (D) commercial vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of in-stalled piping; (E) electric power generating capacity aboard the commercial vessel; (F) the safety of the commercial vessel and crew; and (G) any other factor that the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (4) C
ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .— (A) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall approve or deny a petition for an extension of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this subsection. (B) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not approve or deny a petition referred to in sub-paragraph (A) on or before the last day of the 90-day period beginning on the date of sub-mission of the petition, the petition shall be deemed approved. (5) P
ERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an owner or operator shall be considered to be in compliance with the ballast water discharge standard if— (i) the ballast water management system installed on the commercial vessel complies with the ballast water discharge standard in effect at the time of installation, notwith-standing any revisions to the ballast water discharge standard occurring after the in-stallation; (ii) the owner or operator maintains the ballast water management system in proper working condition, as determined by the Secretary; and (iii) the ballast water management system continues to meet the ballast water dis-charge standard applicable to the commer-cial vessel at the time of installation, as de-termined by the Secretary. (B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall cease to apply with respect to a commercial vessel after— (i) the expiration of the service life of the ballast water management system of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; (ii) the expiration of the service life of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; or (iii) the completion of a major conversion of the commercial vessel. 
SEC. 3726. ALTERNATIVE COMPLIANCE PRO-GRAM. 
The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may issue a rule establishing 1 or more compliance programs that may be used by an owner or operator as an alter-native to compliance with the requirements of section 3724(a) for a commercial vessel that— (1) has a maximum ballast water capacity of less than 8 cubic meters; or (2) is less than 3 years from the end of the service life of the commercial vessel, as de-termined by the Secretary. 
SEC. 3727. RECEPTION FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-quirements under section 3724(a), an owner or operator may discharge ballast water into an onshore or offshore facility for the recep-tion of ballast water that meets the stand-ards established by the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, under sub-section (b). (b) ISSUANCE OF STANDARDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall publish a rule in the Federal Register that establishes reason-able and practicable standards for reception facilities to mitigate adverse effects of aquatic nuisance species on navigable waters of the United States. 
SEC. 3728. REQUIREMENTS FOR DISCHARGES IN-CIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPER-ATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, shall publish a rule in the Federal Register that establishes best management practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel for commercial vessels that are— (1) greater than or equal to 79 feet in length; and (2) not fishing vessels, including fish proc-essing vessels and fish tender vessels (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (b) T
RANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the expi-ration date for the General Permit, any prac-tice, limitation, or concentration applicable to any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel that is re-quired by the General Permit on the date of enactment of this Act, and any reporting re-quirement required by the General Permit on such date of enactment, shall remain in effect until the effective date of a rule issued by the Secretary under subsection (a). (2) P
ART 6 CONDITIONS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and any other provision of law, the terms and conditions of Part 6 of the General Permit (relating to specific require-ments for individual States or Indian coun-try lands) shall expire on the date of enact-ment of this Act. (c) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN VESSELS .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT .—No permit shall be re-quired under section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) or pro-hibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any best management practice regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel under this subtitle apply to, a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel if the commercial vessel is— (A) less than 79 feet in length; or (B) a fishing vessel, including a fish proc-essing vessel and a fish tender vessel (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (2) A
PPLICATION OF GENERAL PERMIT .—The terms and conditions of the General Permit shall cease to apply to vessels described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) S
TATE PETITION FOR REVISION OF BEST M
ANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition to the Secretary re-questing that the Secretary revise a best management practice established under sub-section (a) if there is significant new infor-mation that could reasonably indicate that— (A) revising the best management practice would substantially reduce the adverse ef-fects on navigable waters of the United States of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel; and (B) the revised best management practice would be economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable. (2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition sub-mitted to the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based; and (B) any additional information the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (3) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information included under paragraph (2). (4) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under paragraph (1) as a single petition. (5) R
EVISION OF BEST MANAGEMENT PRAC -
TICES .—If, after reviewing a petition sub-mitted by a Governor under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator, determines that revising a best management practice would substantially reduce the adverse effects on navigable waters of the United States of discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel, and the revised best manage-ment practice would be economically achiev-able and operationally practicable, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, may issue a rule to revise the best management practice established under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 3729. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A person may file a peti-tion for review of a final rule issued under this subtitle in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A petition shall be filed under this section not later than 120 days after the date on which the rule to be re-viewed is published in the Federal Register. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under paragraph (1) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date on which such grounds first arise. 
SEC. 3730. STATE ENFORCEMENT. 
The Secretary may enter into an agree-ment with the Governor of a State to author-ize the State to enforce the provisions of this subtitle, as the Secretary considers appro-priate. 
SEC. 3731. EFFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b) and as necessary to implement an agreement entered into under section 3730, no State or political subdivision thereof may adopt or enforce any statute, regula-tion, or other requirement of the State or political subdivision with respect to— (1) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of ballast water; or (2) a discharge incidental to the normal op-eration of a commercial vessel. (b) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this subtitle may be construed as affect-ing the authority of a State or political sub-division thereof to adopt or enforce any stat-ute, regulation, or other requirement with respect to any water or other substance dis-charged or emitted from a vessel in prepara-tion for transport of the vessel by land from one body of water to another body of water. 
SEC. 3732. EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tion 3728(b), on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) shall not apply to a discharge into navigable waters of the United States of ballast water from a commercial vessel or a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel. (2) O
IL AND HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE LIABIL -
ITY; MARINE SANITATION DEVICES .—Nothing in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4499 July 27, 2017 
this subtitle may be construed as affecting the application to a commercial vessel of section 311 or 312 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321 and 1322). (b) E
STABLISHED REGIMES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this subtitle, nothing in this subtitle may be construed as affecting the authority of the Federal Gov-ernment under— (1) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Government of any discharge or emission that, on or after the date of enactment of this Act, is covered under the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978; and (2) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Gov-ernment of any anti-fouling system that, on or after the date of enactment of this Act, is covered under the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-fouling Sys-tems on Ships, done at London October 5, 2001. (c) I
NTERNATIONAL LAW.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any action taken under this subtitle shall be taken in accordance with international law. (2) S
TANDARDS .—Nothing in this subtitle may be construed to impose any design, equipment, or operation standard on a com-mercial vessel not documented under the laws of the United States and engaged in in-nocent passage unless the standard imple-ments a generally accepted international rule, as determined by the Secretary. (d) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this subtitle may be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior, as the case may be, to administer lands or waters under such Secretary’s administrative control. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1101(c)(2) (16 U.S.C. 4711(c)(2))— (A) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (B) by striking subparagraph (L); and (2) in section 1205 (16 U.S.C. 4725), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Ballast water and discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a commercial vessel (as such terms are defined in the Vessel Incidental Dis-charge Act) shall be regulated pursuant to such Act.’’. Subtitle I—National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Commissioned Offi-cer Corps Amendments and Hydrographic Services Improvement Act Reauthorization and Amendments Act of 2017 
SEC. 3801. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Amend-ments and Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act Reauthorization and Amendments Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 3802. REFERENCES TO NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRA-TION COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS ACT OF 2002. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this subtitle an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to, or repeal of, a section or other pro-vision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). PART I—GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 3811. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
Section 214 (33 U.S.C. 3004) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 214. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
‘‘(a) G RADES .—The commissioned grades in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration are the following, in relative rank with officers of the Navy: ‘‘(1) Vice admiral. ‘‘(2) Rear admiral. ‘‘(3) Rear admiral (lower half). ‘‘(4) Captain. ‘‘(5) Commander. ‘‘(6) Lieutenant commander. ‘‘(7) Lieutenant. ‘‘(8) Lieutenant (junior grade). ‘‘(9) Ensign. ‘‘(b) G
RADE DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall prescribe, with respect to the distribu-tion on the lineal list in grade, the percent-ages applicable to the grades set forth in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL COMPUTATION OF NUMBER IN  G
RADE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall make a computation to determine the number of of-ficers on the lineal list authorized to be serv-ing in each grade. ‘‘(2) M
ETHOD OF COMPUTATION .—The number in each grade shall be computed by applying the applicable percentage to the total num-ber of such officers serving on active duty on the date the computation is made. ‘‘(3) F
RACTIONS .—If a final fraction occurs in computing the authorized number of offi-cers in a grade, the nearest whole number shall be taken. If the fraction is 
1⁄2, the next higher whole number shall be taken. ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY INCREASE IN NUMBERS .— The total number of officers authorized by law to be on the lineal list during a fiscal year may be temporarily exceeded if the av-erage number on that list during that fiscal year does not exceed the authorized number. ‘‘(e) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPON -
SIBILITY .—Officers serving in positions des-ignated under section 228(a) and officers re-called from retired status shall not be count-ed when computing authorized strengths under subsection (c) and shall not count against those strengths. ‘‘(f) P
RESERVATION OF GRADE AND PAY.—No officer may be reduced in grade or pay or separated from the commissioned officer corps of the Administration as the result of a computation made to determine the au-thorized number of officers in the various grades.’’. 
SEC. 3812. RECALLED OFFICERS. 
Section 215 (33 U.S.C. 3005) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Effective’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Effective’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPON -
SIBILITY .—Officers serving in positions des-ignated under section 228 and officers re-called from retired status or detailed to an agency other than the Administration— ‘‘(1) may not be counted in determining the total number of authorized officers on the lineal list under this section; and ‘‘(2) may not count against such number.’’. 
SEC. 3813. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 216. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall prescribe the obligated service requirements for appointments, training, promotions, sep-arations, continuations, and retirement of officers not otherwise covered by law. ‘‘(2) WRITTEN AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary and officers shall enter into written agree-ments that describe the officers’ obligated service requirements prescribed under para-graph (1) in return for such appointments, training, promotions, separations, and re-tirements as the Secretary considers appro-priate. ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT FOR FAILURE TO SATISFY  R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an officer who fails to meet the service requirements prescribed under subsection (a)(1) to reimburse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the training provided to that officer by the Secretary as the unserved por-tion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve. ‘‘(2) O
BLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED  
STATES .—An obligation to reimburse the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be con-sidered for all purposes as a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(3) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A dis- charge in bankruptcy under title 11 that is entered less than 5 years after the termi-nation of a written agreement entered into under subsection (a)(2) does not discharge the individual signing the agreement from a debt arising under such agreement. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER OR SUSPENSION OF COMPLI -
ANCE .—The Secretary may waive the service obligation of an officer who— ‘‘(1) becomes unqualified to serve on active duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a circumstance not within the control of that officer; or ‘‘(2) is— ‘‘(A) not physically qualified for appoint-ment; and ‘‘(B) determined to be unqualified for serv-ice in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a physical or medical condition that was not the result of the officer’s own misconduct or grossly neg-ligent conduct.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 215 the following: ‘‘Sec. 216. Obligated service requirement.’’. 
SEC. 3814. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by section 3813(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 217. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
‘‘(a) T RAINING .—The Secretary may take such measures as may be necessary to ensure that officers are prepared to carry out their duties in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration and proficient in the skills necessary to carry out such duties. Such measures may include the following: ‘‘(1) Carrying out training programs and correspondence courses, including estab-lishing and operating a basic officer training program to provide initial indoctrination and maritime vocational training for officer candidates as well as refresher training, mid- career training, aviation training, and such other training as the Secretary considers necessary for officer development and pro-ficiency. ‘‘(2) Providing officers and officer can-didates with books and school supplies. ‘‘(3) Acquiring such equipment as may be necessary for training and instructional pur-poses. ‘‘(b) P
HYSICAL FITNESS .—The Secretary shall ensure that officers maintain a high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4500 July 27, 2017 
physical state of readiness by establishing standards of physical fitness for officers that are substantially equivalent to those pre-scribed for officers in the Coast Guard.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3813(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 216 the following: ‘‘Sec. 217. Training and physical fitness.’’. 
SEC. 3815. RECRUITING MATERIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by section 3814(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 218. USE OF RECRUITING MATERIALS FOR PUBLIC RELATIONS. 
‘‘The Secretary may use for public rela-tions purposes of the Department of Com-merce any advertising materials developed for use for recruitment and retention of per-sonnel for the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. Any such use shall be under such conditions and subject to such re-strictions as the Secretary shall prescribe.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3814(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 217 the following: ‘‘Sec. 218. Use of recruiting materials for public relations.’’. 
SEC. 3816. TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 101(21)(C) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘in the com-missioned officer corps’’ before ‘‘of the Na-tional’’. PART II—PARITY AND RECRUITMENT 
SEC. 3821. EDUCATION LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 267. EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOREPAY EDUCATION  L
OANS .—For the purpose of maintaining ade-quate numbers of officers of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty who have skills required by the commissioned officer corps, the Secretary may repay, in the case of a person described in subsection (b), a loan that— ‘‘(1) was used by the person to finance edu-cation; and ‘‘(2) was obtained from a governmental en-tity, private financial institution, edu-cational institution, or other authorized en-tity. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .—To be eligible to obtain a loan repayment under this section, a person must— ‘‘(1) satisfy 1 of the requirements specified in subsection (c); ‘‘(2) be fully qualified for, or hold, an ap-pointment as a commissioned officer in the commissioned officer corps of the Adminis-tration; and ‘‘(3) sign a written agreement to serve on active duty, or, if on active duty, to remain on active duty for a period in addition to any other incurred active duty obligation. ‘‘(c) A
CADEMIC AND PROFESSIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—One of the following academic re-quirements must be satisfied for purposes of determining the eligibility of an individual for a loan repayment under this section: ‘‘(1) The person is fully qualified in a pro-fession that the Secretary has determined to be necessary to meet identified skill short-ages in the commissioned officer corps. ‘‘(2) The person is enrolled as a full-time student in the final year of a course of study at an accredited educational institution (as determined by the Secretary of Education) leading to a degree in a profession that will meet identified skill shortages in the com-missioned officer corps. ‘‘(d) LOANREPAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limits es-tablished under paragraph (2), a loan repay-ment under this section may consist of the payment of the principal, interest, and re-lated expenses of a loan obtained by a person described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—For each year of obligated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in sub-section (b)(3), the Secretary may pay not more than the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(e) A
CTIVE DUTYSERVICE OBLIGATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person entering into an agreement described in subsection (b)(3) incurs an active duty service obligation. ‘‘(2) L
ENGTH OF OBLIGATION DETERMINED  
UNDER REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the length of the obliga-tion under paragraph (1) shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM OBLIGATION .—The regula-tions prescribed under subparagraph (A) may not provide for a period of obligation of less than 1 year for each maximum annual amount, or portion thereof, paid on behalf of the person for qualified loans. ‘‘(3) P
ERSONS ON ACTIVE DUTY BEFORE EN -
TERING INTO AGREEMENT .—The active duty service obligation of persons on active duty before entering into the agreement shall be served after the conclusion of any other obli-gation incurred under the agreement. ‘‘(f) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TOCOMPLETE OBLI-
GATION .— ‘‘(1) A
LTERNATIVE OBLIGATIONS .—An officer who is relieved of the officer’s active duty obligation under this section before the com-pletion of that obligation may be given any alternative obligation, at the discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer who does not complete the period of active duty specified in the agreement entered into under sub-section (b)(3), or the alternative obligation imposed under paragraph (1), shall be subject to the repayment provisions under section 216. ‘‘(g) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion, including— ‘‘(1) standards for qualified loans and au-thorized payees; and ‘‘(2) other terms and conditions for the making of loan repayments.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 266 the following: ‘‘Sec. 267. Education loan repayment pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 3822. INTEREST PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 3821(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 268. INTEREST PAYMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary may pay the interest and any special allowances that accrue on 1 or more student loans of an eligi-ble officer, in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE OFFICERS .—An officer is eli-gible for the benefit described in subsection (a) while the officer— ‘‘(1) is serving on active duty; ‘‘(2) has not completed more than 3 years of service on active duty; ‘‘(3) is the debtor on 1 or more unpaid loans described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(4) is not in default on any such loan. ‘‘(c) STUDENT LOANS .—The authority to make payments under subsection (a) may be exercised with respect to the following loans: ‘‘(1) A loan made, insured, or guaranteed under part B of title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq.). ‘‘(2) A loan made under part D of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087a et seq.). ‘‘(3) A loan made under part E of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(d) M
AXIMUM BENEFIT .—Interest and any special allowance may be paid on behalf of an officer under this section for any of the 36 consecutive months during which the officer is eligible under subsection (b). ‘‘(e) F
UNDS FOR PAYMENTS .—The Secretary may use amounts appropriated for the pay and allowances of personnel of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration for payments under this section. ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITH SECRETARY OF  E
DUCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretary of Education regard-ing the administration of this section. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of Education the funds necessary— ‘‘(A) to pay interest and special allowances on student loans under this section (in ac-cordance with sections 428(o), 455(l), and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o), 1087e(l), and 1087dd(j)); and ‘‘(B) to reimburse the Secretary of Edu-cation for any reasonable administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in coordi-nating the program under this section with the administration of the student loan pro-grams under parts B, D, and E of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq., 1087a et seq., 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(g) S
PECIAL ALLOWANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘special allowance’ means a special allowance that is payable under sec-tion 438 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 428(o) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘A
RMED FORCES AND NOAA C OM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANIN-
TEREST PAYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 268 of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, re-spectively,’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (2) Sections 455(l) and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(l) and 1087dd(j)) are each amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘A
RMED FORCES AND NOAA C OM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANIN-
TEREST PAYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 268 of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, re-spectively’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4501 July 27, 2017 
section 3821(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 267 the following: ‘‘Sec. 268. Interest payment program.’’. 
SEC. 3823. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 3822(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 269. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE FINANCIAL AS-
SISTANCE .—For the purpose of maintaining adequate numbers of officers of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty, the Secretary may provide fi-nancial assistance to a person described in subsection (b) for expenses of the person while the person is pursuing on a full-time basis at an accredited educational institu-tion (as determined by the Secretary of Edu-cation) a program of education approved by the Secretary that leads to— ‘‘(1) a baccalaureate degree in not more than 5 academic years; or ‘‘(2) a postbaccalaureate degree. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person is eligible to obtain financial assistance under subsection (a) if the person— ‘‘(A) is enrolled on a full-time basis in a program of education referred to in sub-section (a) at any educational institution de-scribed in such subsection; ‘‘(B) meets all of the requirements for ac-ceptance into the commissioned officer corps of the Administration except for the comple-tion of a baccalaureate degree; and ‘‘(C) enters into a written agreement with the Secretary described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) A
GREEMENT .—A written agreement re-ferred to in paragraph (1)(C) is an agreement between the person and the Secretary in which the person— ‘‘(A) agrees to accept an appointment as an officer, if tendered; and ‘‘(B) upon completion of the person’s edu-cational program, agrees to serve on active duty, immediately after appointment, for— ‘‘(i) up to 3 years if the person received less than 3 years of assistance; and ‘‘(ii) up to 5 years if the person received at least 3 years of assistance. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFYING EXPENSES .—Expenses for which financial assistance may be provided under subsection (a) are the following: ‘‘(1) Tuition and fees charged by the edu-cational institution involved. ‘‘(2) The cost of books. ‘‘(3) In the case of a program of education leading to a baccalaureate degree, labora-tory expenses. ‘‘(4) Such other expenses as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe the amount of finan-cial assistance provided to a person under subsection (a), which may not exceed the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code, for each year of obli-gated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(e) D
URATION OF ASSISTANCE .—Financial assistance may be provided to a person under subsection (a) for not more than 5 consecu-tive academic years. ‘‘(f) S
UBSISTENCE ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person who receives fi-nancial assistance under subsection (a) shall be entitled to a monthly subsistence allow-ance at a rate prescribed under paragraph (2) for the duration of the period for which the person receives such financial assistance. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .—The Sec- retary shall prescribe monthly rates for sub-sistence allowance provided under paragraph (1), which shall be equal to the amount speci-fied in section 2144(a) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(g) INITIAL CLOTHING ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—The Secretary may pre-scribe a sum which shall be credited to each person who receives financial assistance under subsection (a) to cover the cost of the person’s initial clothing and equipment issue. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Upon completion of the program of education for which a person receives financial assistance under sub-section (a) and acceptance of appointment in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, the person may be issued a subsequent clothing allowance equivalent to that normally provided to a newly appointed officer. ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION OF FINANCIAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ter-minate the assistance provided to a person under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary accepts a request by the person to be released from an agreement de-scribed in subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(B) the misconduct of the person results in a failure to complete the period of active duty required under the agreement; or ‘‘(C) the person fails to fulfill any term or condition of the agreement. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may require a person who receives assistance de-scribed in subsection (c), (f), or (g) under an agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) to reimburse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the assistance provided to that person as the unserved portion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve under the agreement. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the service obligation of a person through an agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) if the person— ‘‘(A) becomes unqualified to serve on ac-tive duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a cir-cumstance not within the control of that person; or ‘‘(B) is— ‘‘(i) not physically qualified for appoint-ment; and ‘‘(ii) determined to be unqualified for serv-ice in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a physical or medical condition that was not the result of the person’s own misconduct or grossly neg-ligent conduct. ‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED  
STATES .—An obligation to reimburse the Secretary imposed under paragraph (2) is, for all purposes, a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A dis- charge in bankruptcy under title 11, United States Code, that is entered less than 5 years after the termination of a written agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) does not discharge the person signing the agree-ment from a debt arising under such agree-ment or under paragraph (2). ‘‘(i) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may promulgate such regulations and orders as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3822(c), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 268 the following: ‘‘Sec. 269. Student pre-commissioning edu-cation assistance program.’’. SEC. 3824. LIMITATION ON EDUCATIONAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each fiscal year, begin-ning with the fiscal year in which this Act is enacted, the Secretary of Commerce shall ensure that the total amount expended by the Secretary under section 267 of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (as added by section 3821(a)), section 268 of such Act (as added by section 3822(a)), and section 269 of such Act (as added by section 3823(a)) does not exceed the amount by which— (1) the total amount the Secretary would pay in that fiscal year to officer candidates under section 203(f)(1) of title 37, United States Code (as added by section 3846(d)), if such section entitled officer candidates to pay at monthly rates equal to the basic pay of a commissioned officer in the pay grade O– 1 with less than 2 years of service; exceeds (2) the total amount the Secretary actu-ally pays in that fiscal year to officer can-didates under section 203(f)(1) of such title (as so added). (b) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘officer candidate’’ has the meaning given the term in section 212 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3002), as added by section 3846(c). 
SEC. 3825. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, AND EXTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
OFTITLE 10.—Section 261(a) (33 U.S.C. 3071(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (16) as paragraphs (22) through (25), respectively; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (12) as paragraphs (14) through (19), respec-tively; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) Section 771, relating to unauthorized wearing of uniforms. ‘‘(5) Section 774, relating to wearing reli-gious apparel while in uniform. ‘‘(6) Section 982, relating to service on State and local juries. ‘‘(7) Section 1031, relating to administra-tion of oaths.’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (10), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(11) Section 1074n, relating to annual mental health assessments. ‘‘(12) Section 1090a, relating to referrals for mental health evaluations. ‘‘(13) Chapter 58, relating to the Benefits and Services for members being separated or recently separated.’’; and (6) by inserting after paragraph (19), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(20) Subchapter I of chapter 88, relating to Military Family Programs. ‘‘(21) Section 2005, relating to advanced education assistance, active duty agree-ments, and reimbursement requirements.’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES .— (1) N
OTARIAL SERVICES .—Section 1044a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’. (2) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES  
FOR PROGRAMS SERVING MEMBERS AND THEIR  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4502 July 27, 2017 
FAMILIES .—Section 1588 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), in the matter be-fore subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED FOR ACCEPT -
ANCE OF SERVICES FOR PROGRAMS SERVING  M
EMBERS OF NOAA C ORPS AND THEIR FAMI-
LIES.—For purposes of the acceptance of services described in subsection (a)(3), the term ‘Secretary concerned’ in subsection (a) shall include the Secretary of Commerce with respect to members of the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.’’. (3) C
APSTONE COURSE FOR NEWLY SELECTED  
FLAG OFFICERS .—Section 2153 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the commissioned offi-cer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration’’ after ‘‘in the case of the Navy’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘other armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘other uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter be-fore subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Commerce, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’. 
SEC. 3826. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 261 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 261A. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
‘‘(a) P ROVISIONS MADEAPPLICABLE TO COM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS .—The provisions of law applicable to the Armed Forces under the following provisions of title 37, United States Code, shall apply to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration: ‘‘(1) Section 324, relating to accession bo-nuses for new officers in critical skills. ‘‘(2) Section 403(f)(3), relating to pre-scribing regulations defining the terms ‘field duty’ and ‘sea duty’. ‘‘(3) Section 403(l), relating to temporary continuation of housing allowance for de-pendents of members dying on active duty. ‘‘(4) Section 488, relating to allowances for recruiting expenses. ‘‘(5) Section 495, relating to allowances for funeral honors duty. ‘‘(b) R
EFERENCES .—The authority vested by title 37, United States Code, in the ‘military departments’, ‘the Secretary concerned’, or ‘the Secretary of Defense’ with respect to the provisions of law referred to in sub-section (a) shall be exercised, with respect to the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, by the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary’s designee.’’. (b) P
ERSONAL MONEY ALLOWANCE .—Section 414 of title 37, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘or the director of the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’’ after ‘‘Health Service’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 261 the following: ‘‘Sec. 261A. Applicability of certain provi-sions of title 37, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 3827. LEGION OF MERIT AWARD. 
Section 1121 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’. SEC. 3828. PROHIBITION ON RETALIATORY PER-SONNEL ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 261 (33 U.S.C. 3071), as amended by section 3825(a), is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (25) as paragraphs (9) through (26), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) Section 1034, relating to protected communications and prohibition of retalia-tory personnel actions.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of para-graph (8) of subsection (a), the term ‘Inspec-tor General’ in section 1034 of such title 10 shall mean the Inspector General of the De-partment of Commerce.’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS REGARDING PROTECTED  C
OMMUNICATIONS AND PROHIBITION OF RETAL -
IATORY PERSONNEL ACTIONS .—The Secretary may promulgate regulations to carry out the application of section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including by promulgating such administrative proce-dures for investigation and appeal within the commissioned officer corps as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 3829. PENALTIES FOR WEARING UNIFORM WITHOUT AUTHORITY. 
Section 702 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Service or any’’ and inserting ‘‘Service, the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, or any’’. 
SEC. 3830. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF COMPETITIVE SERVICE LAW. 
Section 3304(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and members of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘sepa-rated from the armed forces’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or vet-eran’’ and inserting ‘‘, veteran, or member’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and members of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘sepa-rated from the armed forces’’. 
SEC. 3831. EMPLOYMENT AND REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. 
Section 4303(16) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,’’ after ‘‘Public Health Service,’’. 
SEC. 3832. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DE-CISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by this subtitle, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 269A. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS AS EM-PLOYMENT IN ADMINISTRATION FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In any case in which the Secretary accepts an application for a posi-tion of employment with the Administration and limits consideration of applications for such position to applications submitted by individuals serving in a career or career-con-ditional position in the competitive service within the Administration, the Secretary shall deem an officer who has served as an officer in the commissioned officer corps for at least 3 years to be serving in a career or career-conditional position in the competi-tive service within the Administration for purposes of such limitation. ‘‘(b) CAREER APPOINTMENTS .—If the Sec-retary selects an application submitted by an officer described in subsection (a) for a position described in such subsection, the Secretary shall give such officer a career or career-conditional appointment in the com-petitive service, as appropriate. ‘‘(c) C
OMPETITIVE SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘competitive service’ has the meaning given the term in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 269, as added by section 3823, the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 269A. Treatment of commission in commissioned officer corps as employment in Administration for purposes of certain hiring decisions.’’. 
SEC. 3833. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of a Federal agency may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sec-tions 3303 and 3328 of such title, a qualified candidate described in subsection (b) directly to a position in the agency for which the candidate meets qualification standards of the Office of Personnel Management. (b) C
ANDIDATES DESCRIBED .—A candidate described in this subsection is a current or former member of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration who— (1) fulfilled his or her obligated service re-quirement under section 216 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, as added by section 3813; (2) if no longer a member of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, was not discharged or released therefrom as part of a disciplinary action; and (3) has been separated or released from service in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration for a period of not more than 5 years. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to appointments made in fiscal year 2017 and in each fiscal year there-after. PART III—APPOINTMENTS AND PROMOTION OF OFFICERS 
SEC. 3841. APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .—Section 221 (33 U.S.C. 3021) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 221. ORIGINAL APPOINTMENTS AND RE-APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) G
RADES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an original appointment of an officer may be made in such grades as may be appropriate for— ‘‘(i) the qualification, experience, and length of service of the appointee; and ‘‘(ii) the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT OF OFFICER CAN -
DIDATES .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON GRADE .—An original ap-pointment of an officer candidate, upon grad-uation from the basic officer training pro-gram of the commissioned officer corps of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4503 July 27, 2017 
the Administration, may not be made in any other grade than ensign. ‘‘(ii) R
ANK.—Officer candidates receiving appointments as ensigns upon graduation from basic officer training program shall take rank according to their proficiency as shown by the order of their merit at date of graduation. ‘‘(2) S
OURCE OF APPOINTMENTS .—An original appointment may be made from among the following: ‘‘(A) Graduates of the basic officer training program of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(B) Graduates of the military service academies of the United States who other-wise meet the academic standards for enroll-ment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Graduates of the maritime academies of the States who— ‘‘(i) otherwise meet the academic stand-ards for enrollment in the training program described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) completed at least 3 years of regi-mented training while at a maritime acad-emy of a State; and ‘‘(iii) obtained an unlimited tonnage or un-limited horsepower Merchant Mariner Cre-dential from the United States Coast Guard. ‘‘(D) Licensed officers of the United States merchant marine who have served 2 or more years aboard a vessel of the United States in the capacity of a licensed officer, who other-wise meet the academic standards for enroll-ment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) M
ARITIME ACADEMIES OF THE STATES .— The term ‘maritime academies of the States’ means the following: ‘‘(i) California Maritime Academy, Vallejo, California. ‘‘(ii) Great Lakes Maritime Academy, Tra-verse City, Michigan. ‘‘(iii) Maine Maritime Academy, Castine, Maine. ‘‘(iv) Massachusetts Maritime Academy, Buzzards Bay, Massachusetts. ‘‘(v) State University of New York Mari-time College, Fort Schuyler, New York. ‘‘(vi) Texas A&M Maritime Academy, Gal-veston, Texas. ‘‘(B) M
ILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—The term ‘military service academies of the United States’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The United States Military Academy, West Point, New York. ‘‘(ii) The United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland. ‘‘(iii) The United States Air Force Acad-emy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. ‘‘(iv) The United States Coast Guard Acad-emy, New London, Connecticut. ‘‘(v) The United States Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, New York. ‘‘(b) R
EAPPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an individual who previously served in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration may be appointed by the Secretary to the grade the individual held prior to separation. ‘‘(2) R
EAPPOINTMENTS TO HIGHER GRADES .— An appointment under paragraph (1) to a po-sition of importance and responsibility des-ignated under section 228 may only be made by the President. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—An appointment under subsection (a) or (b) may not be given to an individual until the individual’s men-tal, moral, physical, and professional fitness to perform the duties of an officer has been established under such regulations as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(d) P
RECEDENCE OF APPOINTEES .—Ap- pointees under this section shall take prece-dence in the grade to which appointed in ac-cordance with the dates of their commissions as commissioned officers in such grade. Ap-pointees whose dates of commission are the same shall take precedence with each other as the Secretary shall determine. ‘‘(e) INTER -SERVICE TRANSFERS .—For inter- service transfers (as described in the Depart-ment of Defense Directive 1300.4 (dated De-cember 27, 2006)) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating to pro-mote and streamline inter-service transfers; ‘‘(2) give preference to such inter-service transfers for recruitment purposes as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(3) reappoint such inter-service transfers to the equivalent grade in the commissioned officer corps.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 221 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 221. Original appointments and re-appointments.’’. 
SEC. 3842. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
Section 222 (33 U.S.C. 3022) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 222. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
‘‘(a) C ONVENING .—Not less frequently than once each year and at such other times as the Secretary determines necessary, the Sec-retary shall convene a personnel board. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A board convened under subsection (a) shall consist of 5 or more offi-cers who are serving in or above the perma-nent grade of the officers under consider-ation by the board. ‘‘(2) R
ETIRED OFFICERS .—Officers on the re-tired list may be recalled to serve on such personnel boards as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘(3) N
O MEMBERSHIP ON 2 SUCCESSIVE  
BOARDS .—No officer may be a member of 2 successive personnel boards convened to con-sider officers of the same grade for pro-motion or separation. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—Each personnel board shall— ‘‘(1) recommend to the Secretary such changes as may be necessary to correct any erroneous position on the lineal list that was caused by administrative error; and ‘‘(2) make selections and recommendations to the Secretary and the President for the appointment, promotion, involuntary sepa-ration, continuation, and involuntary retire-ment of officers in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration as prescribed in this title. ‘‘(d) A
CTION ON RECOMMENDATIONS NOTAC-
CEPTABLE .—If any recommendation by a board convened under subsection (a) is not accepted by the Secretary or the President, the board shall make such further rec-ommendations as the Secretary or the Presi-dent considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 3843. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 226 (33 U.S.C. 3026) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Appointments’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Appointments’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this section, the President shall, during a pe-riod in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. SEC. 3844. ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE OFFICE OF MARINE AND AVIATION OPERATIONS. 
Section 228(c) (33 U.S.C. 3028(c)) is amend-ed— (1) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘Di-rector’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Adminis-trator’’; and (2) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘A
SSISTANT  A
DMINISTRATOR OF THE ’’ before ‘‘O FFICE ’’. 
SEC. 3845. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 229 (33 U.S.C. 3029) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 229. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A PPOINTMENTS BY PRESIDENT .—Tem- porary appointments in the grade of ensign, lieutenant junior grade, or lieutenant may be made by the President. ‘‘(b) T
ERMINATION .—A temporary appoint-ment to a position under subsection (a) shall terminate upon approval of a permanent ap-pointment for such position made by the President. ‘‘(c) O
RDER OF PRECEDENCE .—Appointees under subsection (a) shall take precedence in the grade to which appointed in accordance with the dates of their appointments as offi-cers in such grade. The order of precedence of appointees who are appointed on the same date shall be determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) A
NYONEGRADE .—When determined by the Secretary to be in the best interest of the commissioned officer corps, officers in any permanent grade may be temporarily promoted one grade by the President. Any such temporary promotion terminates upon the transfer of the officer to a new assign-ment. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this section, the President shall, during a pe-riod in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Hydrographic Serv-ices Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 229 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 229. Temporary appointments.’’. 
SEC. 3846. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 234. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
‘‘(a) D ETERMINATION OF NUMBER .—The Sec- retary shall determine the number of ap-pointments of officer candidates. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .—Appointment of officer candidates shall be made under regulations which the Secretary shall prescribe, includ-ing regulations with respect to determining age limits, methods of selection of officer candidates, term of service as an officer can-didate before graduation from the program, and all other matters affecting such appoint-ment. ‘‘(c) D
ISMISSAL .—The Secretary may dis-miss from the basic officer training program of the Administration any officer candidate who, during the officer candidate’s term as an officer candidate, the Secretary considers unsatisfactory in either academics or con-duct, or not adapted for a career in the com-missioned officer corps of the Administra-tion. Officer candidates shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Director of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps. ‘‘(d) A
GREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each officer candidate shall sign an agreement with the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4504 July 27, 2017 
in accordance with section 216(a)(2) regard-ing the officer candidate’s term of service in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—An agreement signed by an officer candidate under paragraph (1) shall provide that the officer candidate agrees to the following: ‘‘(A) That the officer candidate will com-plete the course of instruction at the basic officer training program of the Administra-tion. ‘‘(B) That upon graduation from the such program, the officer candidate— ‘‘(i) will accept an appointment, if ten-dered, as an officer; and ‘‘(ii) will serve on active duty for at least 4 years immediately after such appointment. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion. Such regulations shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes a breach of an agreement signed under such subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred. ‘‘(f) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer candidate or former officer candidate who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as speci-fied under section (d) shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 216(b).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Hydrographic Serv-ices Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 233 the following: ‘‘Sec. 234. Officer candidates.’’. (c) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—Section 212(b) (33 U.S.C. 3002(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) O
FFICER CANDIDATE .—The term ‘officer candidate’ means an individual who is en-rolled in the basic officer training program of the Administration and is under consider-ation for appointment as an officer under section 221(a)(2)(A).’’. (d) P
AY FOR OFFICER CANDIDATES .—Section 203 of title 37, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f)(1) An officer candidate enrolled in the basic officer training program of the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration is en-titled, while participating in such program, to monthly officer candidate pay at monthly rate equal to the basic pay of an enlisted member in the pay grade E–5 with less than 2 years service. ‘‘(2) An individual who graduates from such program shall receive credit for the time spent participating in such program as if such time were time served while on active duty as a commissioned officer. If the indi-vidual does not graduate from such program, such time shall not be considered creditable for active duty or pay.’’. 
SEC. 3847. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.), as amended by section 3846(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 235. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
‘‘The Secretary may make such expendi-tures as the Secretary considers necessary in order to obtain recruits for the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, including advertising.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Hydrographic Serv-ices Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3846(b), is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 234 the following: ‘‘235. Procurement of personnel.’’. PART IV—SEPARATION AND RETIREMENT OF OFFICERS SEC. 3851. INVOLUNTARY RETIREMENT OR SEPA-RATION. 
Section 241 (33 U.S.C. 3041) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
EFERMENT OF RETIREMENT OR SEPA-
RATION FOR MEDICAL REASONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the evaluation of the medical condition of an officer requires hospitaliza-tion or medical observation that cannot be completed with confidence in a manner con-sistent with the officer’s well being before the date on which the officer would other-wise be required to retire or be separated under this section, the Secretary may defer the retirement or separation of the officer. ‘‘(2) C
ONSENT REQUIRED .—A deferment may only be made with the written consent of the officer involved. If the officer does not pro-vide written consent to the deferment, the officer shall be retired or separated as sched-uled. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A deferral of retirement or separation under this subsection may not extend for more than 30 days after comple-tion of the evaluation requiring hospitaliza-tion or medical observation.’’. 
SEC. 3852. SEPARATION PAY. 
Section 242 (33 U.S.C. 3042) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—An officer discharged for twice failing selection for promotion to the next higher grade is not entitled to separa-tion pay under this section if the officer— ‘‘(1) expresses a desire not to be selected for promotion; or ‘‘(2) requests removal from the list of se-lectees.’’. PART V—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 3861. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDRO-GRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Adminis-tration—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coast-al change in the Arctic; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to Alaska Na-tive subsistence and coastal communities as-sociated with increased international mari-time traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to ac-quire hydrographic data and provide hydro-graphic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Conti-nental Shelf.’’. (b) LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts author-ized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administra-tive costs associated with contract manage-ment.’’. 
SEC. 3862. SYSTEM FOR TRACKING AND REPORT-ING ALL-INCLUSIVE COST OF HY-DROGRAPHIC SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall— (1) develop and implement a system to track and report the full cost to the Depart-ment of Commerce of hydrographic data col-lection, including costs relating to vessel ac-quisition, vessel repair, and administration of contracts to procure data; (2) evaluate additional measures for com-paring cost per unit effort beyond square nautical miles; and (3) submit to Congress a report on which additional measures for comparing cost per unit effort the Secretary intends to use and the rationale for such use. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY FOR IN-
CREASED CONTRACTING WITH NONGOVERN -
MENTAL ENTITIES FOR HYDROGRAPHIC DATA C
OLLECTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy for how the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration will increase contracting with nongovernmental entities for hydrographic data collection in a manner that is con-sistent with the requirements of the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (Public Law 111–11; 33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
SEC. 3863. HOMEPORT OF CERTAIN RESEARCH VESSELS. 
(a) A CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary of Commerce may accept non- Federal funds for the purpose of obtaining such cost estimates, designs, permits, and construction as may be necessary for con-struction of a new port facility— (1) to facilitate the homeporting of the R/ V FAIRWEATHER in accordance with title II of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 775); and (2) that is under the administrative juris-diction of the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for the construction described in subsection (a). (c) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary of Commerce may accept non- Federal funds for the purpose of obtaining such cost estimates, designs, permits, and construction as may be necessary for con-struction of a new port facility— (1) to facilitate the homeporting of a new, existing, or reactivated research vessel in the city of St. Petersburg, Florida; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4505 July 27, 2017 
(2) that is under the administrative juris-diction of the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere. (d) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for con-struction or acquisition of the facilities needed to allow for an oceanographic re-search vessel to be homeported in St. Peters-burg, Florida. The strategic plan shall in-clude an estimate of funding needed to con-struct such facilities. 
SA 496. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, insert the following: 
SEC. 710. REGULAR UPDATE OF PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICING STANDARD UNDER TRICARE RETAIL PHARMACY PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1074g(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) With respect to the TRICARE retail pharmacy program described in subsection (a)(2)(E)(ii), the Secretary shall ensure that a contract entered into with a TRICARE pharmacy program contractor includes re-quirements described in section 1860D– 12(b)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–112(b)(6)) to ensure the provision of in-formation regarding the pricing standard for prescription drugs.’’. 
SA 497. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN HEALTH CARE BENEFITS OF MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE ORDERED TO ACTIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MISSIONS IN SUPPORT OF THE COM-BATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) P RE-MOBILIZATION HEALTH CARE.—Sec- tion 1074(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a con-tingency operation under’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or’’. (b) T
RANSITIONAL HEALTH CARE.—Section 1145(a)(2)(B) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a contingency oper-ation’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of this title’’. 
SA 498. Mr. McCAIN (for himself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 786, between lines 3 and 4, insert the following: Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations On page 787, strike lines 1 through 6 and in-sert the following: Subtitle B—Defense Force and Infrastructure Review and Recommendations 
SEC. 2711. SHORT TITLE; PURPOSE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Defense Force and Infrastruc-ture Review Act of 2017’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this subtitle is to provide a fair and transparent process that will result in the credible analysis of in-frastructure requirements and recommenda-tions for military infrastructure. 
SEC. 2712. PROCEDURE FOR MAKING REC-OMMENDATIONS FOR INFRASTRUC-TURE CLOSURES AND REALIGN-MENTS. 
(a) F ORCE -STRUCTURE PLAN AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE INVENTORY .—(1) As part of the budget justification documents submitted to Congress in support of the budget for the De-partment of Defense for fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the fol-lowing: (A)(i) Subject to clause (ii), a force-struc-ture plan for the Armed Forces based on the most recent National Military Strategy, an assessment by the Secretary of the probable threats to the national security during the 20-year period beginning with that fiscal year, the probable end-strength levels and major military force units (including land force divisions, carrier and other major com-batant vessels, air wings, and other com-parable units) needed to meet those threats, and the anticipated levels of funding that will be available for national defense pur-poses during such period. (ii) The force structure described in the force-structure plan under clause (i) shall contain, at a minimum, a Navy of 355 ships, an Air Force of 1500 combat coded aircraft, an Army of 60 brigade combat teams, and a Marine Corps of three Marine expeditionary forces, together with all enabling and sup-porting elements. (B) A comprehensive inventory of military installations world-wide for each military department, with specifications of the num-ber and type of facilities in the active and re-serve forces of each military department. (2) Using the most recent National Mili-tary Strategy and the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory prepared under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall prepare (and include as part of the submission of such plan and inventory) the following: (A) A description of the infrastructure nec-essary to support the force structure de-scribed in the force-structure plan. (B) A discussion of categories of excess in-frastructure and infrastructure capacity within the United States and the target of the Secretary for the reduction of such ex-cess capacity. (C) An economic analysis of the effect of the closure or realignment of military in-stallations to reduce excess infrastructure. (3) In determining the level of necessary versus excess infrastructure under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall consider the fol-lowing: (A) The anticipated continuing need for and availability of military installations outside the United States, taking into ac-count current restrictions on the use of mili-tary installations outside the United States and the potential for future prohibitions or restrictions on the use of such military in-stallations. (B) Any efficiencies that may be gained from joint tenancy by more than one branch of the Armed Forces at a military installa-tion. (4) The Secretary may revise the force- structure plan and infrastructure inventory prepared under paragraph (1). If the Sec-retary makes such a revision, the Secretary shall submit the revised plan or inventory to Congress not later than September 15, 2018. For purposes of selecting military installa-tions for closure or realignment under this subtitle, no revision of the force-structure plan or infrastructure inventory is author-ized after September 15, 2018. (b) CERTIFICATION OF NEED FOR FURTHER  C
LOSURES AND REALIGNMENTS .—(1) On the basis of the force-structure plan and infra-structure inventory prepared under sub-section (a) and the descriptions and eco-nomic analysis prepared under such sub-section, the Secretary shall include as part of the submission of the plan and inven-tory— (A) a certification regarding whether the need exists for the closure or realignment of additional military installations; and (B) if such need exists, a certification that the additional round of closures and realign-ments would result in substantial annual net savings for the Department of Defense fol-lowing the completion of such closures and realignments. (2) If the Secretary does not include the certifications referred to in paragraph (1) as part of the submission of the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory prepared under subsection (a), the President may not commence a round for the selection of mili-tary installations for closure and realign-ment under this subtitle in the year fol-lowing submission of the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL EVALUATION .— (1) If the certification is provided under sub-section (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare an evaluation of the following: (A) The force-structure plan and infra-structure inventory prepared under sub-section (a) and the final selection criteria specified in subsection (d), including an eval-uation of the accuracy and analytical suffi-ciency of such plan, inventory, and criteria. (B) The need for the closure or realignment of additional military installations. (2) The Comptroller General shall submit to Congress the evaluation prepared under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after the date on which the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory are submitted to Congress. (d) F
INAL SELECTION CRITERIA .—(1) The final criteria to be used by the Secretary in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military installations in the United States under this subtitle shall be the military value criteria specified in para-graph (2) and other criteria specified in para-graph (3). (2) The military value criteria specified in this paragraph are as follows: (A) The current and future mission capa-bilities and the impact on operational readi-ness of the total force of the Department of Defense, including the impact on joint warfighting, training, and readiness. (B) The availability and condition of land, facilities, and associated airspace (including training areas suitable for maneuver by ground, naval, or air forces throughout a di-versity of climate and terrain areas and staging areas for the use of the Armed Forces in homeland defense missions) at both existing and potential receiving loca-tions. (C) The ability to accommodate contin-gency, mobilization, surge, and future total 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.093 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4506 July 27, 2017 
force requirements at both existing and po-tential receiving locations to support oper-ations and training. (D) The cost of operations and the man-power implications. (E) The strategic impact of the location of an installation on operational plans, contin-gency plans, and missions of the combatant commands. (3)(A) The other criteria that the Secretary shall use in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military installa-tions in the United States under this subtitle are as follows: (i) The extent and timing of potential costs and savings, including the number of years, beginning with the date of completion of the closure or realignment, for the savings to ex-ceed the costs. (ii) The economic impact on existing com-munities in the vicinity of military installa-tions. (iii) The extent with which a closure or re-alignment contributes to the reduction of ex-cess infrastructure and infrastructure capac-ity to meet the targeted reduction estab-lished by the Secretary as required by sub-section (a)(2)(B). (iv) The ability of the infrastructure of both the existing and potential receiving communities to support forces, missions, and personnel. (v) The cost of mitigating the impact of any increases of such forces, missions, and personnel at receiving locations to maintain the level of service that exists prior to the closure or realignment. (vi) The environmental impact, including the impact of costs related to potential envi-ronmental restoration, vulnerability adapta-tion, mitigation, waste management, and en-vironmental compliance activities. (B) When determining the costs associated with a closure or realignment under subpara-graph (A)(i), the Secretary shall consider costs associated with military construction, information technology, environmental re-mediation, relocation of personnel, termi-nation of public-private contracts, guaran-tees, and other factors contributing to the cost of a closure or realignment as deter-mined by the Secretary. (e) P
RIORITY GIVEN TO MILITARY VALUE .— The Secretary shall give priority consider-ation to the military value criteria specified in subsection (d)(2) in the making of rec-ommendations for the closure or realign-ment of military installations. (f) E
FFECT ON DEPARTMENT AND OTHER  A
GENCY COSTS.—Selection criteria relating to cost savings or return on investment from the proposed closure or realignment of mili-tary installations under this subtitle shall take into account the effect of the proposed closure or realignment on the costs of any other activity of the Department of Defense or any other Federal agency that may be re-quired to assume responsibility for activities at the military installations. (g) R
ELATION TO OTHER MATERIALS .—The final selection criteria specified in sub-section (d) shall be the only criteria to be used, along with the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory referred to in sub-section (a), in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military in-stallations in the United States under this subtitle. (h) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—(1)(A) If the Secretary makes the certifications required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall, by not later than May 15, 2019, publish in the Federal Register— (i) with respect to each military installa-tion in the United States, unclassified as-sessment data of the current condition of fa-cilities and infrastructure and an environ-mental baseline of known contamination and remediation activities at each such installa-tion that will be used by the Secretary to de-velop closure and realignment recommenda-tions; and (ii) standard rules to be used by the Sec-retary to calculate annual recurring savings for manpower, base operating costs, utility costs, base closure guarantees, service-shar-ing agreements, and other installation sup-port activities that the Secretary will use in the determination of the savings derived from closure and realignment of military in-stallations. (B) The Secretary shall provide a public comment period of 60 days to allow for a re-view of the data published under subpara-graph (A) and an opportunity for the Sec-retary to correct the assessments to ensure accurate and reliable information is used for final closure and realignment recommenda-tions. (C) If the Secretary does not publish the data or standard rules under subparagraph (A) by May 15, 2019, the President shall not commence a round for the selection of mili-tary installations for closure and realign-ment under this subtitle. (2)(A) If the Secretary makes the certifi-cations required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall, by not later than October 15, 2019, publish in the Federal Register and transmit to the congressional defense com-mittees a list of the military installations inside the United States that the Secretary recommends for closure or realignment on the basis of the force-structure plan and in-frastructure inventory prepared by the Sec-retary under subsection (a) and the final se-lection criteria specified in subsection (d). (B) The closures and realignments included in the list published by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) may not have an estimated cost to implement that exceeds $5,000,000,000 as certified by the Director of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation of the Department of Defense. (C) At the same time as the transmittal of the list under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a certification that— (i) the recommendations included in such list will yield net savings to the Department of Defense within seven years of completing the closures and realignments included in such recommendations; and (ii) no individual recommendation for clo-sure or realignment is included in such list unless the closure or realignment dem-onstrates net savings to the Department within 10 years. (D) Not later than seven days after the transmittal of the list of recommendations for closure and realignment under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (i) a summary of the selection process that resulted in the recommendation for each in-stallation, including a justification for each recommendation based on the final selection criteria under subsection (d); and (ii) for each such recommendation, a mas-ter plan that contains a list of each facility action (including construction, development, conversion, or extension, and any acquisition of land necessary to produce a complete and usable facility or a complete and usable im-provement to an existing facility) required to carry out the closure or realignment, in-cluding the scope of work, cost, and timing of each construction activity as documented in military construction project data jus-tifications. (E) With respect to each recommendation for closure or realignment of a military in-stallation under subparagraph (A), the con-struction scope and cost data contained in the master plan under subparagraph (D)(ii) for such installation shall be deemed to be the authorization by law to carry out the construction activity as required under chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code. (3)(A) In considering military installations for closure or realignment, the Secretary shall consider all military installations in the United States equally without regard to whether the installation has been previously considered or proposed for closure or realign-ment by the Department. (B) In considering military installations for closure or realignment, the Secretary may not take into account for any purpose any advance conversion planning undertaken by an affected community with respect to the anticipated closure or realignment of an installation. (C) For purposes of subparagraph (B), in the case of a community anticipating the economic effects of a closure or realignment of a military installation, advance conver-sion planning— (i) shall include community adjustment and economic diversification planning under-taken by the community before an antici-pated selection of a military installation in or near the community for closure or re-alignment; and (ii) may include the development of contin-gency redevelopment plans, plans for eco-nomic development and diversification, and plans for the joint use (including civilian and military use, public and private use, civilian dual use, and civilian shared use) of the prop-erty or facilities of the installation after the anticipated closure or realignment. (D) In making recommendations for clo-sure or realignment of a military installa-tion under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider any notice received from a local government in the vicinity of a mili-tary installation that the government would approve of the closure or realignment of the installation. (E) Notwithstanding the requirement in subparagraph (D), the Secretary shall make the recommendations referred to in that sub-paragraph based on the force-structure plan, infrastructure inventory, and final selection criteria otherwise applicable to such rec-ommendations. (F) The recommendations shall include a statement of the result of the consideration of any notice described in subparagraph (D) that is received with respect to a military installation covered by such recommenda-tions. The statement shall set forth the rea-sons for the result. (G) For each closure recommendation, and based on an assessment of the extent of eco-nomic impact to local communities sup-porting the military installation to be closed, the Secretary shall determine and propose an amount to be provided to the local redevelopment agency within a year of the final decision to close the installation to be used to accelerate local redevelopment ac-tivities. (4)(A) In addition to making all informa-tion used by the Secretary to prepare the recommendations under this subsection available to Congress (including any com-mittee or member of Congress), the Sec-retary shall also make such information available to the Comptroller General of the United States. (B) The Comptroller General shall analyze the information made available to the Comp-troller General under subparagraph (A) for each recommendation (including informa-tion provided by local communities) and sub-mit any recommendations of the Comp-troller General to Congress for consider-ation. (5)(A) Each person referred to in subpara-graph (B), when submitting information to the Secretary of Defense concerning the clo-sure or realignment of a military installa-tion, shall certify that such information is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4507 July 27, 2017 
accurate and complete to the best of that person’s knowledge and belief. (B) Subparagraph (A) applies to the fol-lowing persons: (i) The Secretaries of the military depart-ments. (ii) The heads of the Defense Agencies. (iii) Each person who is in a position the duties of which include personal and sub-stantial involvement in the preparation and submission of information and recommenda-tions concerning the closure or realignment of military installations, as designated in regulations that the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe, regulations that the Sec-retary of each military department shall pre-scribe for personnel within that military de-partment, or regulations that the head of each Defense Agency shall prescribe for per-sonnel within that Defense Agency. (6) Any information provided to the Sec-retary of Defense by a person described in paragraph (5)(B), regardless of the method of transmission, shall be made available for the public record and submitted in written form to the Senate and the House of Representa-tives to be made available to the Members of the House concerned in accordance with the rules of that House. The information shall be submitted to the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives within 48 hours after the sub-mission of the information to the Secretary. (7) No military installation may be rec-ommended for inactive status under this sub-section unless the Secretary certifies that its use for future mobilization is essential to meet operational plans. (8) The Secretary shall analyze and, to the extent the Secretary considers appropriate, recommend the realignment and closure of military installations outside the United States. (9) Not later than October 31, 2019, the Sec-retary shall submit to the President a report containing a list of the military installa-tions that the Secretary recommends for clo-sure or realignment under this subsection, including recommendations regarding mili-tary installations outside the United States under paragraph (8). (i) R
EVIEW BY THE PRESIDENT .—(1) The President shall, by not later than November 15, 2019, transmit to Congress a report con-taining the President’s approval or dis-approval of the recommendations of the Sec-retary under subsection (h). (2) If the President approves all of the rec-ommendations of the Secretary, the Presi-dent shall transmit a copy of such rec-ommendations to Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (3) If the President disapproves of the rec-ommendations of the Secretary, in whole or in part, the President shall transmit to Con-gress the reasons for that disapproval. The Secretary shall then transmit to the Presi-dent, by not later than December 1, 2019, a revised list of recommendations for the clo-sure and realignment of military installa-tions. (4) If the President approves all of the re-vised recommendations of the Secretary transmitted to the President under para-graph (3), the President shall transmit a copy of such revised recommendations to Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (5) If the President does not transmit to Congress an approval and certification de-scribed in paragraph (2) or (4) by December 2, 2019, the process by which military installa-tions may be selected for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle shall be terminated. 
SEC. 2713. CLOSURE AND REALIGNMENT OF MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) close all military installations rec-ommended for closure in the report trans-mitted to Congress by the President pursu-ant to section 2712(i) and approved under subsection (b); (2) realign all military installations rec-ommended for realignment in such report and approved under such subsection; (3) carry out the privatization in place of a military installation recommended for clo-sure or realignment in such report and ap-proved under such subsection only if privat-ization in place is a method of closure or re-alignment of the military installation speci-fied in the recommendations in such report and is determined by the Secretary to be the most cost-effective method of implementa-tion of the recommendation; (4) carry out the construction activities contained in the master plan for the military installation as required under section 2712(h)(2)(D)(ii); (5) initiate all such closures and realign-ments not later than two years after the date on which the President transmits the report to Congress pursuant to section 2712(i) containing the recommendations for such closures or realignments; and (6) complete all such closures and realign-ments not later than the end of the five-year period beginning on the date on which the President transmits the report pursuant to section 2712(i) containing the recommenda-tions for such closures or realignments. (b) CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL .—The Sec- retary may not carry out a closure or re-alignment recommended in the report trans-mitted by the President pursuant to section 2712(i) unless a joint resolution is enacted ap-proving that closure or realignment. 
SEC. 2714. IMPLEMENTATION AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) U SE IN MAKING ASSESSMENTS AND REC-
OMMENDATIONS .—In making assessments and recommendations under section 2712, the Secretary shall analyze the requirements and authorities under this section and con-sider all of the actions to be taken under this section with respect to closing or realigning a military installation under this subtitle. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—(1) In closing or re-aligning any military installation under this subtitle, the Secretary may— (A) take such actions as may be necessary to close or realign any military installation, including the acquisition of such land, the construction of such replacement facilities, the performance of such activities, and the conduct of such advance planning and design as may be required to transfer functions from a military installation being closed or realigned to another military installation, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for use in planning and de-sign, minor construction, or operation and maintenance; (B)(i) provide— (I) economic adjustment assistance to any community located near a military installa-tion being closed or realigned, and (II) community planning assistance to any community located near a military installa-tion to which functions will be transferred as a result of the closure or realignment of a military installation, if the Secretary of Defense determines that the financial resources available to the com-munity (by grant or otherwise) for such pur-poses are inadequate, and may use for such purposes funds in the Account or funds ap-propriated to the Department of Defense for economic adjustment assistance or commu-nity planning assistance; (C) carry out activities for the purposes of environmental restoration and mitigation at any such installation, and shall use for such purposes funds in the Account; (D) provide outplacement assistance to ci-vilian employees employed by the Depart-ment of Defense at military installations being closed or realigned, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for outplacement assistance to employees; and (E) reimburse other Federal agencies for actions performed at the request of the Sec-retary with respect to any such closure or re-alignment, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Department of Defense and available for such purpose. (2) In carrying out any closure or realign-ment under this subtitle, the Secretary shall ensure that environmental restoration of any property made excess to the needs of the Department of Defense as a result of such closure or realignment be carried out as soon as possible with funds available for such pur-pose. (c) MANAGEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF PROP-
ERTY .—(1) The Administrator of General Services shall delegate to the Secretary of Defense, with respect to excess and surplus real property, facilities, and personal prop-erty located at a military installation closed or realigned under this subtitle— (A) the authority of the Administrator to utilize excess property under subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code; (B) the authority of the Administrator to dispose of surplus property under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code; (C) the authority to dispose of surplus property for public airports under sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code; and (D) the authority of the Administrator to determine the availability of excess or sur-plus real property for wildlife conservation purposes in accordance with the Act of May 19, 1948 (16 U.S.C. 667b et seq.). (2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), the Secretary of Defense shall exercise the authority dele-gated to the Secretary pursuant to para-graph (1) in accordance with all regulations governing the utilization of excess property and the disposal of surplus property under subtitle I of title 40, United States Code. (B) The Secretary may, with the concur-rence of the Administrator of General Serv-ices— (i) prescribe general policies and methods for utilizing excess property and disposing of surplus property pursuant to the authority delegated under paragraph (1); and (ii) issue regulations relating to such poli-cies and methods, which shall supersede the regulations referred to in subparagraph (A) with respect to that authority. (C) The Secretary of Defense may transfer real property or facilities located at a mili-tary installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, with or without reim-bursement, to a military department or other entity (including a nonappropriated fund instrumentality) within the Depart-ment of Defense or the Coast Guard. (D) Before any action may be taken with respect to the disposal of any surplus real property or facility located at any military installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Governor of the State and the heads of the local governments con-cerned for the purpose of considering any plan for the use of such property by the local community concerned. (E) If a military installation to be closed, realigned, or placed in an inactive status under this subtitle includes a road used for public access through, into, or around the in-stallation, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Governor of the State and the heads of the local governments con-cerned for the purpose of considering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4508 July 27, 2017 
continued availability of the road for public use after the installation is closed, re-aligned, or placed in an inactive status. (3)(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of approval of the closure or realignment of a military installation under this subtitle, the Secretary, in consultation with the rede-velopment authority with respect to the in-stallation, shall— (i) inventory the personal property located at the installation; and (ii) identify the items (or categories of items) of such personal property that the Secretary determines to be related to real property and anticipates will support the im-plementation of the redevelopment plan with respect to the installation. (B) If no redevelopment authority referred to in subparagraph (A) exists with respect to an installation, the Secretary shall consult with— (i) the local government in whose jurisdic-tion the installation is wholly located; or (ii) a local government agency or State government agency designated for the pur-pose of such consultation by the chief execu-tive officer of the State in which the instal-lation is located. (C)(i) Except as provided in subparagraphs (E) and (F), the Secretary may not carry out any of the activities specified in clause (ii) with respect to an installation referred to in that clause until the earlier of— (I) one week after the date on which the re-development plan for the installation is sub-mitted to the Secretary; (II) the date on which the redevelopment authority notifies the Secretary that it will not submit such a plan; (III) two years after the date of approval of the closure or realignment of the installa-tion; or (IV) 90 days before the date of the closure or realignment of the installation. (ii) The activities specified in this clause are activities relating to the closure or re-alignment of an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle as follows: (I) The transfer from the installation of items of personal property at the installa-tion identified in accordance with subpara-graph (A). (II) The reduction in maintenance and re-pair of facilities or equipment located at the installation below the minimum levels re-quired to support the use of such facilities or equipment for nonmilitary purposes. (D) Except as provided in paragraph (4), the Secretary may not transfer items of personal property located at an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle to an-other installation, or dispose of such items, if such items are identified in the redevelop-ment plan for the installation as items es-sential to the reuse or redevelopment of the installation. In connection with the develop-ment of the redevelopment plan for the in-stallation, the Secretary shall consult with the entity responsible for developing the re-development plan to identify the items of personal property located at the installation, if any, that the entity desires to be retained at the installation for reuse or redevelop-ment of the installation. (E) This paragraph shall not apply to any personal property located at an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle if the property— (i) is required for the operation of a unit, function, component, weapon, or weapons system at another installation; (ii) is uniquely military in character, and is likely to have no civilian use (other than use for its material content or as a source of commonly used components); (iii) is not required for the reutilization or redevelopment of the installation (as jointly determined by the Secretary and the rede-velopment authority); (iv) is stored at the installation for pur-poses of distribution (including spare parts or stock items); or (v)(I) meets known requirements of an au-thorized program of another Federal agency for which expenditures for similar property would be necessary; and (II) is the subject of a written request by the head of the agency. (F) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (C)(i) and (D), the Secretary may carry out any ac-tivity referred to in subparagraph (C)(ii) or (D) if the Secretary determines that the car-rying out of such activity is in the national security interest of the United States. (4)(A) The Secretary may transfer real property and personal property located at a military installation to be closed or re-aligned under this subtitle to the redevelop-ment authority with respect to the installa-tion for purposes of job generation on the in-stallation. (B) The transfer of property located at a military installation under subparagraph (A) may be for consideration at or below the es-timated fair market value or without consid-eration. The determination of such consider-ation may account for the economic condi-tions of the local affected community and the estimated costs to redevelop the prop-erty. The Secretary may accept, as consider-ation, a share of the revenues that the rede-velopment authority receives from third- party buyers or lessees from sales and long- term leases of the conveyed property, a por-tion of the profits obtained over time from the development of the conveyed property, consideration in kind (including goods and services), real property and improvements, or such other consideration as the Secretary considers appropriate. The transfer of prop-erty located at a military installation under subparagraph (A) may be made for consider-ation below the estimated fair market value or without consideration only if the redevel-opment authority with respect to the instal-lation— (i) agrees that the proceeds from any sale or lease of the property (or any portion thereof) received by the redevelopment au-thority during at least the first seven years after the date of the initial transfer of prop-erty under subparagraph (A) shall be used to support the economic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation; and (ii) executes the agreement for transfer of the property and accepts control of the prop-erty within a reasonable time after the date of the property disposal record of decision or finding of no significant impact under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (C) For purposes of subparagraph (B)(i), the use of proceeds from a sale or lease described in such subparagraph to pay for, or offset the costs of, public investment on or related to the installation for any of the following pur-poses shall be considered a use to support the economic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation: (i) Road construction. (ii) Transportation management facilities. (iii) Storm and sanitary sewer construc-tion. (iv) Police and fire protection facilities and other public facilities. (v) Utility construction. (vi) Building rehabilitation. (vii) Historic property preservation. (viii) Pollution prevention equipment or facilities. (ix) Demolition. (x) Disposal of hazardous materials gen-erated by demolition. (xi) Landscaping, grading, and other site or public improvements. (xii) Planning for or the marketing of the development and reuse of the installation. (xiii) Adaptation for and mitigation of nat-ural disasters. (D) The Secretary may recoup from a rede-velopment authority such portion of the pro-ceeds from a sale or lease described in sub-paragraph (B) as the Secretary determines appropriate if the redevelopment authority does not use the proceeds to support eco-nomic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation for the period specified in sub-paragraph (B). (E)(i) The Secretary may transfer real property at an installation approved for clo-sure or realignment under this subtitle (in-cluding property at an installation approved for realignment which will be retained by the Department of Defense or another Fed-eral agency after realignment) to the rede-velopment authority for the installation if the redevelopment authority agrees to lease, directly upon transfer, one or more portions of the property transferred under this sub-paragraph to the Secretary or to the head of another Federal agency. Subparagraph (B) shall apply to a transfer under this subpara-graph. (ii) A lease under clause (i) shall be for a term not to exceed 50 years, but may provide for options for renewal or extension of the term by the agency concerned. (iii) A lease under clause (i) may not re-quire rental payments by the United States. (iv) A lease under clause (i) shall include a provision specifying that if the agency con-cerned ceases requiring the use of the leased property before the expiration of the term of the lease, the remainder of the lease term may be satisfied by the same or another Fed-eral agency using the property for a use similar to the use under the lease. Exercise of the authority provided by this clause shall be made in consultation with the redevelop-ment authority concerned. (v) Notwithstanding clause (iii), if a lease under clause (i) involves a substantial por-tion of the installation, the agency con-cerned may obtain facility services for the leased property and common area mainte-nance from the redevelopment authority or the redevelopment authority’s assignee as a provision of the lease. The facility services and common area maintenance shall be pro-vided at a rate no higher than the rate charged to non-Federal tenants of the trans-ferred property. Facility services and com-mon area maintenance covered by the lease shall not include— (I) municipal services that a State or local government is required by law to provide to all landowners in its jurisdiction without di-rect charge; or (II) firefighting or security-guard func-tions. (F) The transfer of personal property under subparagraph (A) shall not be subject to the provisions of subchapters II and III of chap-ter 5 of title 40, United States Code, if the Secretary determines that the transfer of such property is necessary for the effective implementation of a redevelopment plan with respect to the installation at which such property is located. (G) The provisions of section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) shall apply to any transfer of real property under this paragraph. (H) The Secretary may require any addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with a transfer under this paragraph as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (5)(A) Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary shall take such ac-tions as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure that final determinations under paragraph (1) regarding whether another Federal agency has identified a use for any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4509 July 27, 2017 
portion of a military installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, or will accept transfer of any portion of such installation, are made not later than 180 days after the date of approval of closure or realignment of that installation. (B) The Secretary may, in consultation with the redevelopment authority with re-spect to an installation, postpone making the final determinations referred to in sub-paragraph (A) with respect to the installa-tion for such period as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate if the Secretary deter-mines that such postponement is in the best interests of the communities affected by the closure or realignment of the installation. (C)(i) Before acquiring non-Federal real property as the location for a new or replace-ment Federal facility of any type, the head of the Federal agency acquiring the property shall consult with the Secretary regarding the feasibility and cost advantages of using Federal property or facilities at a military installation closed or realigned or to be closed or realigned under this subtitle as the location for the new or replacement facility. In considering the availability and suit-ability of a specific military installation, the Secretary and the head of the Federal agen-cy involved shall obtain the concurrence of the redevelopment authority with respect to the installation and comply with the rede-velopment plan for the installation. (ii) Not later than 30 days after acquiring non-Federal real property as the location for a new or replacement Federal facility, the head of the Federal agency acquiring the property shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the consultation under clause (i) and the reasons why mili-tary installations referred to in such clause that are located within the area to be served by the new or replacement Federal facility or within a 200-mile radius of the new or re-placement facility, whichever area is great-er, were considered to be unsuitable or un-available for the site of the new or replace-ment facility. (6)(A) The disposal of buildings and prop-erty located at installations approved for closure or realignment under this subtitle shall be carried out in accordance with this paragraph. (B)(i) Not later than the date on which the Secretary of Defense completes the final de-terminations referred to in paragraph (5) re-lating to the use or transferability of any portion of an installation covered by this paragraph, the Secretary shall— (I) identify the buildings and property at the installation for which the Department of Defense has a use, for which another Federal agency has identified a use, or of which an-other Federal agency will accept a transfer; (II) take such actions as are necessary to identify any building or property at the in-stallation not identified under subclause (I) that is excess property or surplus property; (III) submit to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and to the redevel-opment authority for the installation (or the chief executive officer of the State in which the installation is located if there is no rede-velopment authority for the installation at the completion of such final determinations) information on any building or property that is identified under subclause (II); and (IV) publish in the Federal Register and in a newspaper of general circulation in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion information on the buildings and prop-erty identified under subclause (II). (ii) Upon the recognition of a redevelop-ment authority for an installation covered by this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall publish in the Federal Register and in a newspaper of general circulation in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion information on the redevelopment au-thority. (C)(i) State and local governments, rep-resentatives of the homeless, and other in-terested parties located in the communities in the vicinity of an installation covered by this paragraph shall submit to the redevelop-ment authority for the installation a notice of the interest, if any, of such governments, representatives, and parties in the buildings or property, or any portion thereof, at the installation that are identified under sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II). A notice of interest under this clause shall describe the need of the government, representative, or party concerned for the buildings or property cov-ered by the notice. (ii) The redevelopment authority for an in-stallation shall assist the governments, rep-resentatives, and parties referred to in clause (i) in evaluating buildings and prop-erty at the installation for purposes of this subparagraph. (iii) In providing assistance under clause (ii), a redevelopment authority shall— (I) consult with representatives of the homeless in the communities in the vicinity of the installation concerned; and (II) undertake outreach efforts to provide information on the buildings and property to representatives of the homeless, and to other persons or entities interested in assisting the homeless, in such communities. (iv) It is the sense of Congress that redevel-opment authorities should begin to conduct outreach efforts under clause (iii)(II) with re-spect to an installation as soon as prac-ticable after the date of approval of closure or realignment of the installation. (D)(i) State and local governments, rep-resentatives of the homeless, and other in-terested parties shall submit a notice of in-terest to a redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C) not later than the date specified for such notice by the redevelop-ment authority. (ii) The date specified under clause (i) shall be— (I) in the case of an installation for which a redevelopment authority has been recog-nized as of the date of the completion of the determinations referred to in paragraph (5), not earlier than 90 days and not later than 180 days after the date of publication of such determination in a newspaper of general cir-culation in the communities in the vicinity of the installation under subparagraph (B)(i)(IV); and (II) in the case of an installation for which a redevelopment authority is not recognized as of such date, not earlier than 90 days and not later than 180 days after the date of the recognition of a redevelopment authority for the installation. (iii) Upon specifying a date for an installa-tion under this subparagraph, the redevelop-ment authority for the installation shall— (I) publish the date specified in a news-paper of general circulation in the commu-nities in the vicinity of the installation con-cerned; and (II) notify the Secretary of Defense of the date. (E)(i) In submitting to a redevelopment au-thority under subparagraph (C) a notice of interest in the use of buildings or property at an installation to assist the homeless, a representative of the homeless shall submit the following: (I) A description of the homeless assistance program that the representative proposes to carry out at the installation. (II) An assessment of the need for the pro-gram. (III) A description of the extent to which the program is or will be coordinated with other homeless assistance programs in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion. (IV) A list of the buildings and property to be used for the program at the installation and a justification for why such buildings and property are necessary to carry out the program. (V) A description of the financial plan, the organization, and the organizational capac-ity of the representative to carry out the program. (VI) An assessment of the time required in order to commence carrying out the pro-gram. (ii) A redevelopment authority may not re-lease to the public any information sub-mitted to the redevelopment authority under clause (i)(V) without the consent of the rep-resentative of the homeless concerned unless such release is authorized under Federal law and under the law of the State and commu-nities in which the installation concerned is located. (iii) If a redevelopment authority does not receive a notice of interest in accordance with clause (i), the requirements set forth in subparagraph (H) are not applicable. (F)(i) The redevelopment authority for each installation covered by this paragraph shall prepare a redevelopment plan for the installation. The redevelopment authority shall, in preparing the plan, consider the in-terests in the use to assist the homeless of the buildings and property at the installa-tion that are expressed in the notices sub-mitted to the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C). (ii)(I) In connection with a redevelopment plan for an installation, a redevelopment au-thority and representatives of the homeless shall prepare legally binding agreements that provide for the use to assist the home-less of buildings and property, resources, and assistance on or off the installation. The im-plementation of such agreements shall be contingent upon the decision regarding the disposal of the buildings and property cov-ered by the agreements by the Secretary of Defense under subparagraph (K) or (L). (II) Agreements under this clause shall provide for the reversion to the redevelop-ment authority concerned, or to such other entity or entities as the agreements shall provide, of buildings and property that are made available under this paragraph for use to assist the homeless in the event that such buildings and property cease being used for that purpose. (iii) A redevelopment authority shall pro-vide opportunity for public comment on a re-development plan before submission of the plan to the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under subparagraph (G). (iv) A redevelopment authority shall com-plete preparation of a redevelopment plan for an installation and submit the plan under subparagraph (G) not later than 270 days after the date specified by the redevelopment authority for the installation under subpara-graph (D). (G)(i) Upon completion of a redevelopment plan under subparagraph (F), a redevelop-ment authority shall submit an application containing the plan to the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (ii) A redevelopment authority shall in-clude in an application under clause (i) the following: (I) A copy of the redevelopment plan, in-cluding a summary of any public comments on the plan received by the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (F)(iii). (II) A copy of each notice of interest of use of buildings and property to assist the home-less that was submitted to the redevelop-ment authority under subparagraph (C), to-gether with a description of the manner, if any, in which the plan addresses the interest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4510 July 27, 2017 
expressed in each such notice and, if the plan does not address such an interest, an expla-nation why the plan does not address the in-terest. (III) A summary of the outreach under-taken by the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C)(iii)(II) in preparing the plan. (IV) A statement identifying the represent-atives of the homeless and the homeless as-sistance planning boards, if any, with which the redevelopment authority consulted in preparing the plan, and the results of such consultations. (V) An assessment of the manner in which the redevelopment plan balances the ex-pressed needs of the homeless and the need of the communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation for economic redevelopment and other development. (VI) Copies of the agreements that the re-development authority proposes to enter into under subparagraph (F)(ii). (H)(i) Except as provided in subparagraph (E)(iii), not later than 60 days after receiving a redevelopment plan under subparagraph (G), the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment shall complete a review of the plan. The purpose of the review is to deter-mine whether the plan, with respect to the expressed interest and requests of represent-atives of the homeless— (I) takes into consideration the size and nature of the homeless population in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion, the availability of existing services in such communities to meet the needs of the homeless in such communities, and the suit-ability of the buildings and property covered by the plan for the use and needs of the homeless in such communities; (II) takes into consideration any economic impact of the homeless assistance under the plan on the communities in the vicinity of the installation; (III) balances in an appropriate manner the needs of the communities in the vicinity of the installation for economic redevelopment and other development with the needs of the homeless in such communities; (IV) was developed in consultation with representatives of the homeless and the homeless assistance planning boards, if any, in the communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation; and (V) specifies the manner in which buildings and property, resources, and assistance on or off the installation will be made available for homeless assistance purposes. (ii) It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall, in completing the review of a plan under this subparagraph, take into consider-ation and be receptive to the predominant views on the plan of the communities in the vicinity of the installation covered by the plan. (iii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may engage in negotiations and consultations with a redevelopment au-thority before or during the course of a re-view under clause (i) with a view toward re-solving any preliminary determination of the Secretary that a redevelopment plan does not meet a requirement set forth in that clause. The redevelopment authority may modify the redevelopment plan as a re-sult of such negotiations and consultations. (iv)(I) Upon completion of a review of a re-development plan under clause (i), the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the determination of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under that clause. (II) If the Secretary of Defense and the re-development authority concerned do not re-ceive the notice required by subclause (I) with respect to a military installation with-in the period required by clause (i), the Sec-retary of Defense shall dispose of the build-ings and property at the installation. (v) If the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines as a result of a re-view under clause (iv) that a redevelopment plan does not meet the requirements set forth in clause (i), a notice under clause (iv) shall include— (I) an explanation of that determination; and (II) a statement of the actions that the re-development authority must undertake in order to address that determination. (I)(i) Upon receipt of a notice under sub-paragraph (H)(iv) of a determination that a redevelopment plan does not meet a require-ment set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), a rede-velopment authority shall have the oppor-tunity to— (I) revise the plan in order to address the determination; and (II) submit the revised plan to the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development. (ii) A redevelopment authority shall sub-mit a revised plan under this subparagraph to such Secretaries, if at all, not later than 90 days after the date on which the redevel-opment authority receives the notice re-ferred to in clause (i). (J)(i) Not later than 30 days after receiving a revised redevelopment plan under subpara-graph (I), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall review the revised plan and determine if the plan meets the re-quirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (ii)(I) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the determination of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under this subparagraph. (II) If the Secretary of Defense and the re-development authority concerned do not re-ceive the notice required by subclause (I) with respect to a military installation with-in the period required by clause (i), the Sec-retary of Defense shall dispose of the build-ings and property at the installation. (K)(i) Upon receipt of a notice under sub-paragraph (H)(iv) or (J)(ii) of the determina-tion of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development that a redevelopment plan for an installation meets the requirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), the Secretary of Defense shall dispose of the buildings and property at the installation. (ii) For purposes of carrying out an envi-ronmental assessment of the closure or re-alignment of an installation, the Secretary of Defense shall treat the redevelopment plan for the installation (including the as-pects of the plan providing for disposal to State or local governments, representatives of the homeless, and other interested par-ties) as part of the proposed Federal action for the installation. (iii) The Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property under clause (i) in accordance with the record of decision or other decision document prepared by the Secretary in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). In preparing the record of deci-sion or other decision document, the Sec-retary shall give substantial deference to the redevelopment plan concerned. (iv) The disposal under clause (i) of build-ings and property to assist the homeless shall be without consideration. (v) In the case of a request for a convey-ance under clause (i) of buildings and prop-erty for public benefit under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, the sponsoring Federal agency shall use the eligibility criteria set forth in such section or subchapter II of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code (as the case may be) to determine the eligibility of the applicant and use proposed in the request for the pub-lic benefit conveyance. The determination of such eligibility should be made before sub-mission of the redevelopment plan concerned under subparagraph (G). (L)(i) If the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines under sub-paragraph (J) that a revised redevelopment plan for an installation does not meet the re-quirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), or if no revised plan is so submitted, that Secretary shall— (I) review the original redevelopment plan submitted to that Secretary under subpara-graph (G), including the notice or notices of representatives of the homeless referred to in clause (ii)(II) of that subparagraph; (II) consult with the representatives re-ferred to in subclause (I), if any, for purposes of evaluating the continuing interest of such representatives in the use of buildings or property at the installation to assist the homeless; (III) request that each such representative submit to that Secretary the items described in clause (ii); and (IV) based on the actions of that Secretary under subclauses (I) and (II), and on any in-formation obtained by that Secretary as a result of such actions, indicate to the Sec-retary of Defense the buildings and property at the installation that meet the require-ments set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (ii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may request under clause (i)(III) that a representative of the homeless submit to that Secretary the following: (I) A description of the program of such representative to assist the homeless. (II) A description of the manner in which the buildings and property that the rep-resentative proposes to use for such purpose will assist the homeless. (III) Such information as that Secretary requires in order to determine the financial capacity of the representative to carry out the program and to ensure that the program will be carried out in compliance with Fed-eral environmental law and Federal law against discrimination. (IV) A certification that police services, fire protection services, and water and sewer services available in the communities in the vicinity of the installation concerned are adequate for the program. (iii) Not later than 30 days after the date of the receipt of a revised plan for an installa-tion under subparagraph (J), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall— (I) notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the buildings and property at an installation under clause (i)(IV) that the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines are suitable for use to assist the homeless; and (II) notify the Secretary of Defense of the extent to which the revised plan meets the criteria set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (iv)(I) Upon notice from the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development with re-spect to an installation under clause (iii), the Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property at the installation in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the redevelop-ment authority concerned. (II) For purposes of carrying out an envi-ronmental assessment of the closure or re-alignment of an installation, the Secretary of Defense shall treat the redevelopment plan submitted by the redevelopment au-thority for the installation (including the as-pects of the plan providing for disposal to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4511 July 27, 2017 
State or local governments, representatives of the homeless, and other interested par-ties) as part of the proposed Federal action for the installation. The Secretary of De-fense shall incorporate the notification of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment under clause (iii)(I) as part of the pro-posed Federal action for the installation only to the extent, if any, that the Secretary of Defense considers such incorporation to be appropriate and consistent with the best and highest use of the installation as a whole, taking into consideration the redevelopment plan submitted by the redevelopment au-thority. (III) The Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property under subclause (I) in accordance with the record of decision or other decision document prepared by the Secretary in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). In preparing the record of deci-sion or other decision document, the Sec-retary shall give deference to the redevelop-ment plan submitted by the redevelopment authority for the installation. (IV) The disposal under subclause (I) of buildings and property to assist the homeless shall be without consideration. (V) In the case of a request for a convey-ance under subclause (I) of buildings and property for public benefit under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, the sponsoring Federal agency shall use the eligibility criteria set forth in such section or subchapter II of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code (as the case may be) to determine the eligibility of the appli-cant and use proposed in the request for the public benefit conveyance. The determina-tion of such eligibility should be made before submission of the redevelopment plan con-cerned under subparagraph (G). (VI) It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority should work with State and local agencies to the maximum extent practicable to collaborate on environmental assessments to reduce redundancy of effort and to accel-erate redevelopment actions. (M)(i) In the event of the disposal of build-ings and property of an installation pursuant to subparagraph (K) or (L), the redevelop-ment authority for the installation shall be responsible for the implementation of and compliance with agreements under the rede-velopment plan described in that subpara-graph for the installation. (ii) If a building or property reverts to a re-development authority under such an agree-ment, the redevelopment authority shall take appropriate actions to secure, to the maximum extent practicable, the utilization of the building or property by other home-less representatives to assist the homeless. A redevelopment authority may not be re-quired to utilize the building or property to assist the homeless. (N) The Secretary of Defense may postpone or extend any deadline provided for under this paragraph in the case of an installation covered by this paragraph for such period as the Secretary considers appropriate if the Secretary determines that such postpone-ment is in the interests of the communities affected by the closure or realignment of the installation. The Secretary shall make such determinations in consultation with the re-development authority concerned and, in the case of deadlines provided for under this paragraph with respect to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (O) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation’’, in the case of an installation, means the communities that constitute the political jurisdictions (other than the State in which the installation is located) that comprise the redevelopment authority for the installation. (P) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘other interested parties’’, in the case of an installation, includes any parties eligi-ble for the conveyance of property of the in-stallation under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, whether or not the parties assist the homeless. (7)(A) Subject to subparagraph (C), the Sec-retary may enter into agreements (including contracts, cooperative agreements, or other arrangements for reimbursement) with local governments for the provision of police or se-curity services, fire protection services, air-field operation services, or other community services by such governments at military in-stallations to be closed under this subtitle, or at facilities not yet transferred or other-wise disposed of in the case of installations closed under this subtitle, if the Secretary determines that the provision of such serv-ices under such agreements is in the best in-terests of the Department of Defense. (B) The Secretary may exercise the author-ity provided under this paragraph without regard to the provisions of chapter 146 of title 10, United States Code. (C) The Secretary may not exercise the au-thority under subparagraph (A) with respect to an installation earlier than 180 days be-fore the date on which the installation is to be closed. (D) The Secretary shall include in a con-tract for services entered into with a local government under this paragraph a clause that requires the use of professionals to fur-nish the services to the extent that profes-sionals are available in the area under the jurisdiction of such government. (d) A
PPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL ENVIRON -
MENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969.—(1) The provi-sions of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall not apply to the actions of the President and, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2), the Depart-ment of Defense in carrying out this sub-title. (2)(A) The provisions of the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 shall apply to actions of the Department of Defense under this subtitle— (i) during the process of property disposal; and (ii) during the process of relocating func-tions from a military installation being closed or realigned to another military in-stallation after the receiving installation has been selected but before the functions are relocated. (B) In applying the provisions of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to the processes referred to in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of the military departments con-cerned shall not have to consider— (i) the need for closing or realigning the military installation that has been rec-ommended for closure or realignment; (ii) the need for transferring functions to any military installation that has been se-lected as the receiving installation; or (iii) military installations alternative to those recommended or selected. (3) A civil action for judicial review, with respect to any requirement of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to the ex-tent such Act is applicable under paragraph (2), of any act or failure to act by the De-partment of Defense during the closing, re-aligning, or relocating of functions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A), may not be brought more than 60 days after the date of such act or failure to act. (e) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may close or realign military installations under this subtitle without regard to— (1) any provision of law restricting the use of funds for closing or realigning military in-stallations included in any appropriations or authorization Act; and (2) sections 2662 and 2687 of title 10, United States Code. (f) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION  W
ITHPAYMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDI -
ATION COSTS.—(1)(A) Subject to paragraph (2) of this subsection and section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)), the Secretary may enter into an agreement to transfer by deed real prop-erty or facilities referred to in subparagraph (B) with any person who agrees to perform all environmental restoration, waste man-agement, and environmental compliance ac-tivities that are required for the property or facilities under Federal and State laws, ad-ministrative decisions, agreements (includ-ing schedules and milestones), and concur-rences. (B) The real property and facilities re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) are the real property and facilities located at an installa-tion closed or to be closed, or realigned or to be realigned, under this subtitle that are available exclusively for the use, or expres-sion of an interest in a use, of a redevelop-ment authority under subsection (c)(6)(F) during the period provided for that use, or expression of interest in use, under that sub-section. The real property and facilities re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) are also the real property and facilities located at an in-stallation approved for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle that are available for purposes other than to assist the home-less. (C) The Secretary may require any addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with an agreement authorized by subpara-graph (A) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) A transfer of real property or facilities may be made under paragraph (1) only if the Secretary certifies to Congress that— (A) the costs of all environmental restora-tion, waste management, and environmental compliance activities otherwise to be paid by the Secretary with respect to the property or facilities are equal to or greater than the fair market value of the property or facili-ties to be transferred, as determined by the Secretary; or (B) if such costs are lower than the fair market value of the property or facilities, the recipient of the property or facilities agrees to pay the difference between the fair market value and such costs. (3) In the case of property or facilities cov-ered by a certification under paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary may pay the recipient of such property or facilities an amount equal to the lesser of— (A) the amount by which the costs in-curred by the recipient of such property or facilities for all environmental restoration, waste, management, and environmental compliance activities with respect to such property or facilities exceed the fair market value of such property or facilities as speci-fied in such certification; or (B) the amount by which the costs (as de-termined by the Secretary) that would oth-erwise have been incurred by the Secretary for such restoration, management, and ac-tivities with respect to such property or fa-cilities exceed the fair market value of such property or facilities as so specified. (4) As part of an agreement under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall disclose to the person to whom the property or facilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4512 July 27, 2017 
will be transferred any information of the Secretary regarding the environmental res-toration, waste management, and environ-mental compliance activities described in paragraph (1) that relate to the property or facilities. The Secretary shall provide such information before entering into the agree-ment. (5) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-strued to modify, alter, or amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) or the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (6) Section 330 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall not apply to any transfer under this subsection to persons or entities described in subsection (a)(2) of such section 330, except in the case of releases or threatened releases not dis-closed pursuant to paragraph (4) of this sub-section. 
SEC. 2715. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLO-SURE ACCOUNT 2017. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) If a joint resolution is enacted under section 2713(b), there shall be established on the books of the Treasury an account to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense Base Closure Account 2017’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Account’’). The Account shall be administered by the Sec-retary as a single account. (2) There shall be deposited into the Ac-count— (A) funds authorized for and appropriated to the Account; (B) any funds that the Secretary may, sub-ject to approval in an appropriation Act, transfer to the Account from funds appro-priated to the Department of Defense for any purpose, except that such funds may be transferred only after the date on which the Secretary transmits written notice of, and justification for, such transfer to the con-gressional defense committees; and (C) except as provided in subsection (d), proceeds received from the lease, transfer, or disposal of any property at a military instal-lation that is closed or realigned under this subtitle. (3) The Account shall be closed at the time and in the manner provided for appropriation accounts under section 1555 of title 31, United States Code. Unobligated funds that remain in the Account upon closure shall be held by the Secretary of the Treasury until transferred by law after the congressional defense committees receive the report trans-mitted under subsection (c)(2). (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—(1) The Secretary may use the funds in the Account only for the purposes described in section 2714 with re-spect to military installations approved for closure or realignment under this subtitle. (2) When a decision is made to use funds in the Account to carry out a construction project under section 2714(a) at a military in-stallation in support of a master plan for the military installation as required under sec-tion 2712(h)(2)(D)(ii), such construction project shall be conducted in accordance with the sections of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, applicable to such con-struction project. (3)(A) In the case of construction projects carried out using funds in the Account that exceed the applicable minor construction threshold under section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary may carry out such a project that has not been author-ized by law if the Secretary determines that— (i) the project is necessary for the Depart-ment to execute a closure or realignment ac-tion under this subtitle; and (ii) the requirement for the project is so urgent that deferral of the project for au-thorization by law would pose a significant delay in proceeding with a realignment or closure action under this subtitle or is incon-sistent with national security or the protec-tion of health, safety, or environmental quality. (B)(i) When a decision is made to carry out a construction project under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees in writing a report on that decision. Each such report shall include— (I) a justification for the project and a cur-rent estimate of the cost of the project; and (II) a justification for carrying out the project under this subtitle. (ii) The Secretary may carry out a con-struction project under subparagraph (A) only after the end of the seven-day period be-ginning on the earlier of— (I) the date on which the report under clause (i) relating to such project is received by the congressional defense committees; or (II) the date on which a copy of such report is provided to such committees in an elec-tronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The maximum amount that the Sec-retary may obligate in any fiscal year under this section is $100,000,000. (5) A project carried out using funds under this section shall be carried out within the total amount of funds appropriated for the Account that have not been obligated. (c) REPORTS .—(1)(A) Not later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year in which the Secretary carries out activities under this subtitle using funds in the Account, the Sec-retary shall transmit a report to the con-gressional defense committees of— (i) the amount and nature of the deposits into, and the expenditures from, the Account during such fiscal year; (ii) the amount and nature of other expend-itures made pursuant to section 2714(a) dur-ing such fiscal year; (iii) the amount and nature of anticipated deposits to be made into, and the anticipated expenditures to be made from, the Account during the first fiscal year commencing after the submission of the report; and (iv) the amount and nature of anticipated expenditures to be made pursuant to section 2714(a) during the first fiscal year com-mencing after the submission of the report. (B) The report for a fiscal year shall in-clude the following: (i) The obligations and expenditures from the Account during the fiscal year, identified by subaccount and installation, for each military department and Defense Agency. (ii) The fiscal year in which appropriations for such expenditures were made and the fis-cal year in which funds were obligated for such expenditures. (iii) Each military construction project for which such obligations and expenditures were made, identified by installation and project title. (iv) A description and explanation of the extent, if any, to which expenditures for military construction projects for the fiscal year differed from any proposals for projects and funding levels for the Account for such fiscal year, including an explanation of— (I) any failure to carry out military con-struction projects that were so proposed; and (II) any expenditures for military construc-tion projects that were not so proposed. (v) An estimate of the net revenues to be received from property disposals to be com-pleted during the first fiscal year com-mencing after the submission of the report at military installations approved for clo-sure or realignment under this subtitle. (2) Not later than 60 days after the closure of the Account under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall transmit to the congres-sional defense committees a report con-taining an accounting of— (A) all of the funds deposited into and ex-pended from the Account or otherwise ex-pended under this subtitle with respect to such installations; and (B) any amount remaining in the Account. (d) DISPOSAL OR TRANSFER OF COMMISSARY  S
TORES AND PROPERTY PURCHASED WITHNON-
APPROPRIATED FUNDS .—(1) If any real prop-erty or facility acquired, constructed, or im-proved (in whole or in part) with commissary store funds or nonappropriated funds is transferred or disposed of in connection with the closure or realignment of a military in-stallation under this subtitle, a portion of the proceeds of the transfer or other disposal of property on that installation shall be de-posited in the reserve account established under section 204(b)(7)(C) of the Defense Au-thorization Amendments and Base Closure and Realignment Act (Public Law 100–526; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note). (2) The amount so deposited shall be equal to the depreciated value of the investment made with such funds in the acquisition, construction, or improvement of that par-ticular real property or facility. The depre-ciated value of the investment shall be com-puted in accordance with regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary. (3) The Secretary may use amounts in the reserve account, without further appropria-tion, for the purpose of acquiring, con-structing, and improving— (A) commissary stores; and (B) real property and facilities for non-appropriated fund instrumentalities. (4) In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘commissary store funds’’ means funds received from the adjustment of, or surcharge on, selling prices at com-missary stores fixed under section 2685 of title 10, United States Code. (B) The term ‘‘nonappropriated funds’’ means funds received from a non-appropriated fund instrumentality. (C) The term ‘‘nonappropriated fund in-strumentality’’ means an instrumentality of the United States under the jurisdiction of the Armed Forces (including the Army and Air Force Exchange Service, the Navy Resale and Services Support Office, and the Marine Corps exchanges) which is conducted for the comfort, pleasure, contentment, or physical or mental improvement of members of the Armed Forces. (e) A
CCOUNT EXCLUSIVE SOURCE OF FUNDS  
FOR ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION  P
ROJECTS .—Except for funds deposited into the Account under subsection (a), funds ap-propriated to the Department of Defense may not be used for purposes described in section 2714(a)(1)(C). The prohibition in this subsection shall expire upon the closure of the Account under subsection (a)(3). (f) A
UTHORIZED COST AND SCOPE OF WORK V
ARIATIONS .—(1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the cost authorized for a military construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account may not be increased or re-duced by more than 20 percent or $2,000,000, whichever is less, of the amount specified for the project in the conference report to ac-company the Act of Congress authorizing the project. The scope of work for such a project may not be reduced by more than 25 percent from the scope specified in the most recent budget documents for the projects listed in such conference report. (2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a mili-tary construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account with an estimated cost of less than $5,000,000, unless the project has not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4513 July 27, 2017 
been previously identified in any budget sub-mission for the Account and exceeds the ap-plicable minor construction threshold under section 2805 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The limitation on cost or scope vari-ation specified in paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense makes a de-termination that an increase or reduction in cost or a reduction in the scope of work for a military construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account is required for the sole purpose of meeting unusual vari-ations in cost or scope. If the Secretary makes such a determination, the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense com-mittees of the variation in cost or scope not later than 21 days before the date on which the variation is made in connection with the project or, if the notification is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code, not later than 14 days before the date on which the vari-ation is made. The Secretary shall include the reasons for the variation in the notifica-tion. 
SEC. 2716. RESTRICTION ON OTHER BASE CLO-SURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, and ending on April 15, 2020, this subtitle shall be the exclusive authority for selecting for clo-sure or realignment, or for carrying out any closure or realignment of, a military instal-lation inside the United States. (b) R
ESTRICTION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), none of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used, other than under this subtitle, during the pe-riod specified in subsection (a)— (1) to identify, through any transmittal to Congress or through any other public an-nouncement or notification, any military in-stallation inside the United States as an in-stallation to be closed or realigned or as an installation under consideration for closure or realignment; or (2) to carry out any closure or realignment of a military installation inside the United States. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in this subtitle af-fects the authority of the Secretary to carry out closures and realignments to which sec-tion 2687 of title 10, United States Code, is not applicable, including closures and re-alignments carried out for reasons of na-tional security or a military emergency de-scribed in subsection (d) of such section. 
SEC. 2717. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) The term ‘‘Account’’ means the Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Account estab-lished by section 2715(a)(1). (2) The term ‘‘congressional defense com-mittees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives. (3) The term ‘‘military installation’’ means a base, camp, post, station, yard, center, homeport facility for any ship, or other ac-tivity under the jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of Defense, including any leased facil-ity. Such term does not include any facility used primarily for civil works, rivers and harbors projects, flood control, or other projects not under the primary jurisdiction or control of the Department of Defense. (4) The term ‘‘realignment’’ includes any action which both reduces and relocates functions and civilian personnel positions but does not include a reduction in force re-sulting from workload adjustments, reduced personnel or funding levels, or skill imbal-ances. (5) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Defense. (6) The term ‘‘United States’’ means the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and any other commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. (7) The term ‘‘date of approval’’, with re-spect to a closure or realignment of an in-stallation, means the date on which Congress approves under section 2713(b) a rec-ommendation of closure or realignment, as the case may be, of such installation. (8) The term ‘‘redevelopment authority’’, in the case of an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, means any en-tity (including an entity established by a State or local government) recognized by the Secretary of Defense as the entity respon-sible for developing the redevelopment plan with respect to the installation or for direct-ing the implementation of such plan. (9) The term ‘‘redevelopment plan’’ in the case of an installation to be closed or re-aligned under this subtitle, means a plan that— (A) is agreed to by the local redevelopment authority with respect to the installation; and (B) provides for the reuse or redevelopment of the real property and personal property of the installation that is available for such reuse and redevelopment as a result of the closure or realignment of the installation. (10) The term ‘‘representative of the home-less’’ has the meaning given such term in section 501(i)(4) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411(i)(4)). SEC. 2718. TREATMENT AS A BASE CLOSURE LAW FOR PURPOSES OF OTHER PROVI-SIONS OF LAW. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ‘‘BASECLOSURE LAW’’ IN T
ITLE 10.—Section 101(a)(17) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) The Defense Force and Infrastructure Review Act of 2017.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF ‘‘BASECLOSURE LAW’’ IN O
THER LAWS.— (1) Section 131(b) of Public Law 107–249 (10 U.S.C. 221 note) is amended by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘has the meaning given the term ‘base clo-sure law’ in section 101(a)(17) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (2) Section 1334(k)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Defense Force and Infrastructure Review Act of 2017.’’. (3) Section 2918(a)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Defense Force and Infrastructure Review Act of 2017.’’. 
SEC. 2719. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EPOSIT AND USE OF LEASE PROCEEDS .— Section 2667(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘on or after January 1, 2005,’’ and inserting ‘‘from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2005,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) Money rentals received by the United States from a lease under subsection (g) at a military installation approved for closure or realignment under a base closure law on or after January 1, 2006, shall be deposited into the account established under section 2715 of the Defense Force and Infrastructure Review Act of 2017.’’. (b) RESTORED LEAVE .—Section 6304(d)(3)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘a base closure law, as that term is defined in section 101(a)(17) of title 10,’’. 
SA 499. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS PROTECTION. 
(a) N OTIFICATION OF EXTENT TO WHICH H
EALTH BENEFITS CANBEMODIFIED OR TER-
MINATED .— (1) I
NCLUSION IN SUMMARY PLAN DESCRIP -
TION.—Section 102(b) of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1022) is amended by inserting ‘‘; in the case of a group health plan (as so defined), wheth-er the provisions of the plan permit the plan sponsor or any employer participating in the plan to unilaterally modify or terminate the benefits under the plan with respect to em-ployees, retired employees, and beneficiaries, and when and to what extent benefits under the plan are fully vested with respect to em-ployees, retired employees, and bene-ficiaries’’ after ‘‘the name and address of such issuer’’. (2) P
RESUMPTION THAT RETIRED EMPLOYEE  
HEALTH BENEFITS CANNOT BE MODIFIED OR TER -
MINATED .—Section 502 of the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1132) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) In the case of a suit brought under this title by a participant or beneficiary re-lating to benefits of a retired employee or the dependents of a retired employee under a group health plan (as defined in section 733(a)(1)), the presumption for purposes of such suit shall be that as of the date an em-ployee retires or completes 20 years of serv-ice with the employer, benefits available under the plan during retirement of the em-ployee are fully vested and cannot be modi-fied or terminated for the life of the em-ployee or, if longer, the life of the employ-ee’s spouse. This presumption can be over-come only upon a showing, by clear and con-vincing evidence, that the terms of the group health plan allow for a modification or ter-mination of benefits available under the plan and that the employee, prior to becoming a participant in the plan, was made aware, in clear and unambiguous terms, that the plan allowed for such modification or termination of benefits.’’. (b) P
ROTECTION OF RETIREES UNDER CER-
TAIN COLLECTIVELY BARGAINED AGREE -
MENTS .—Section 8 of the National Labor Re-lations Act (29 U.S.C. 158) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(h) It shall be an unfair labor practice for any labor organization and any employer to enter into any contract or agreement, ex-press or implied, whereby the organization and employer agree to modify the terms of any previous agreement in a manner that would result in a reduction or termination of retiree health insurance benefits provided to an employee or a dependent of an employee under the previous agreement, if such modi-fication of the terms of the previous agree-ment occurs after the date on which the em-ployee retires.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.049 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4514 July 27, 2017 
SA 500. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STRIKING PROVISIONS THAT INCREASE HEALTH DISPARITIES. 
Any provision of this Act that would in-crease health disparities among certain pop-ulations, including disparities on the basis of race and ethnicity, socioeconomic status, gender, religion, disability status, geo-graphic location, and sexual identity and ori-entation shall be null and void and of no ef-fect. 
SA 501. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: DIVISION ll 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Keeping Health Insurance Af-fordable Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—MARKETPLACE STABILITY AND SECURITY Sec. 101. Individual Market Reinsurance Fund. Sec. 102. Public health insurance option. TITLE II—HEALTH CARE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE Sec. 201. Increase in eligibility for premium assistance tax credits. Sec. 202. Enhancements for reduced cost sharing. TITLE III—DRUG PRICING Sec. 301. Requiring drug manufacturers to provide drug rebates for drugs dispensed to low-income indi-viduals. Sec. 302. Negotiation of prices for medicare prescription drugs. Sec. 303. Guaranteed prescription drug bene-fits. Sec. 304. Full reimbursement for qualified retiree prescription drug plans. TITLE IV—MEDICAID COLLABORATIVE CARE MODELS Sec. 401. Enhanced FMAP for medical assist-ance provided through a col-laborative care model. TITLE I—MARKETPLACE STABILITY AND SECURITY 
SEC. 101. INDIVIDUAL MARKET REINSURANCE FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF FUND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established the ‘‘Individual Market Reinsurance Fund’’ to be administered by the Secretary to provide funding for an individual market stabiliza-tion reinsurance program in each State that complies with the requirements of this sec-tion. (2) F
UNDING .—There is appropriated to the Fund, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as are necessary to carry out this section (other than subsection (c)) for each calendar year beginning with 2018. Amounts appropriated to the Fund shall remain available without fiscal or calendar year limitation to carry out this section. (b) INDIVIDUAL MARKET REINSURANCE PRO-
GRAM .— (1) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall use amounts in the Fund to establish a reinsur-ance program under which the Secretary shall make reinsurance payments to health insurance issuers with respect to high-cost individuals enrolled in qualified health plans offered by such issuers that are not grand-fathered health plans or transitional health plans for any plan year beginning with the 2018 plan year. This subsection constitutes budget authority in advance of appropria-tions Acts and represents the obligation of the Secretary to provide payments from the Fund in accordance with this subsection. (2) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .—The payment made to a health insurance issuer under sub-section (a) with respect to each high-cost in-dividual enrolled in a qualified health plan issued by the issuer that is not a grand-fathered health plan or a transitional health plan shall equal 80 percent of the lesser of— (A) the amount (if any) by which the indi-vidual’s claims incurred during the plan year exceeds— (i) in the case of the 2018, 2019, or 2020 plan year, $50,000; and (ii) in the case of any other plan year, $100,000; or (B) for plan years described in— (i) subparagraph (A)(i), $450,000; and (ii) subparagraph (A)(ii), $400,000. (3) I
NDEXING .—In the case of plan years be-ginning after 2018, the dollar amounts that appear in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (2) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— (A) such amount; multiplied by (B) the premium adjustment percentage specified under section 1302(c)(4) of the Af-fordable Care Act, but determined by sub-stituting ‘‘2018’’ for ‘‘2013’’. (4) P
AYMENT METHODS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Payments under this sub-section shall be based on such a method as the Secretary determines. The Secretary may establish a payment method by which interim payments of amounts under this sub-section are made during a plan year based on the Secretary’s best estimate of amounts that will be payable after obtaining all of the information. (B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PROVISION OF INFOR -
MATION .— (i) R
EQUIREMENT .—Payments under this subsection to a health insurance issuer are conditioned upon the furnishing to the Sec-retary, in a form and manner specified by the Secretary, of such information as may be required to carry out this subsection. (ii) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF INFORMATION .— Information disclosed or obtained pursuant to clause (i) is subject to the HIPAA privacy and security law, as defined in section 3009(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19(a)). (5) S
ECRETARY FLEXIBILITY FOR BUDGET  
NEUTRAL REVISIONS TO REINSURANCE PAYMENT  
SPECIFICATIONS .—If the Secretary determines appropriate, the Secretary may substitute higher dollar amounts for the dollar amounts specified under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) (and adjusted under paragraph (3), if applicable) if the Secretary certifies that such substitutions, considered together, neither increase nor decease the total projected payments under this sub-section. (c) O
UTREACH AND ENROLLMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—During the period that be-gins on January 1, 2018, and ends on Decem-ber 31, 2020, the Secretary shall award grants to eligible entities for the following pur-poses: (A) O
UTREACH AND ENROLLMENT .—To carry out outreach, public education activities, and enrollment activities to raise awareness of the availability of, and encourage enroll-ment in, qualified health plans. (B) A
SSISTING INDIVIDUALS TRANSITION TO  
QUALIFIED HEALTH PLANS .—To provide assist-ance to individuals who are enrolled in health insurance coverage that is not a qualified health plan enroll in a qualified health plan. (C) A
SSISTING ENROLLMENT IN PUBLIC  
HEALTH PROGRAMS .—To facilitate the enroll-ment of eligible individuals in the Medicare program or in a State Medicaid program, as appropriate. (D) R
AISING AWARENESS OF PREMIUM ASSIST -
ANCE AND COST -SHARING REDUCTIONS .—To dis- tribute fair and impartial information con-cerning enrollment in qualified health plans and the availability of premium assistance tax credits under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and cost-sharing reduc-tions under section 1402 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, and to as-sist eligible individuals in applying for such tax credits and cost-sharing reductions. (2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES DEFINED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (i) a State; or (ii) a nonprofit community-based organiza-tion. (B) E
NROLLMENT AGENTS .—Such term in-cludes a licensed independent insurance agent or broker that has an arrangement with a State or nonprofit community-based organization to enroll eligible individuals in qualified health plans. (C) E
XCLUSIONS .—Such term does not in-clude an entity that— (i) is a health insurance issuer; or (ii) receives any consideration, either di-rectly or indirectly, from any health insur-ance issuer in connection with the enroll-ment of any qualified individuals or employ-ees of a qualified employer in a qualified health plan. (3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to awarding grants to States or eligible entities in States that have geographic rat-ing areas at risk of having no qualified health plans in the individual market. (4) F
UNDING .—Out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $500,000,000 is appropriated to the Secretary for each of calendar years 2018 through 2020, to carry out this subsection. (d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall submit a report to Congress, not later than January 21, 2019, and each year thereafter, that contains the following information for the most recently ended year: (A) The number and types of plans in each State’s individual market, specifying the number that are qualified health plans, grandfathered health plans, or health insur-ance coverage that is not a qualified health plan. (B) The impact of the reinsurance pay-ments provided under this section on the availability of coverage, cost of coverage, and coverage options in each State. (C) The amount of premiums paid by indi-viduals in each State by age, family size, ge-ographic area in the State’s individual mar-ket, and category of health plan (as de-scribed in subparagraph (A)). (D) The process used to award funds for outreach and enrollment activities awarded to eligible entities under subsection (c), the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.052 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4515 July 27, 2017 
amount of such funds awarded, and the ac-tivities carried out with such funds. (E) Such other information as the Sec-retary deems relevant. (2) E
VALUATION REPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that— (A) analyzes the impact of the funds pro-vided under this section on premiums and enrollment in the individual market in all States; and (B) contains a State-by-State comparison of the design of the programs carried out by States with funds provided under this sec-tion. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the In-dividual Market Reinsurance Fund estab-lished under subsection (a). (3) G
RANDFATHERED HEALTH PLAN .—The term ‘‘grandfathered health plan’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1251(e) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. (4) H
IGH-COST INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘high- cost individual’’ means an individual en-rolled in a qualified health plan (other than a grandfathered health plan or a transitional health plan) who incurs claims in excess of $50,000 during a plan year. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States and the District of Columbia. (6) T
RANSITIONAL HEALTH PLAN .—The term ‘‘transitional health plan’’ means a plan con-tinued under the letter issued by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services on Novem-ber 14, 2013, to the State Insurance Commis-sioners outlining a transitional policy for coverage in the individual and small group markets to which section 1251 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act does not apply, and under the extension of the transi-tional policy for such coverage set forth in the Insurance Standards Bulletin Series guidance issued by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services on March 5, 2014, Feb-ruary 29, 2016, and February 13, 2017. 
SEC. 102. PUBLIC HEALTH INSURANCE OPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part 3 of subtitle D of title I of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1325. PUBLIC HEALTH INSURANCE OPTION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
OF A PUBLIC HEALTH INSURANCE OPTION .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—For years beginning with 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Secretary’) shall provide for the offer-ing through Exchanges established under this title of a health benefits plan (in this Act referred to as the ‘public health insur-ance option’) that ensures choice, competi-tion, and stability of affordable, high-quality coverage throughout the United States in ac-cordance with this section. In designing the option, the Secretary’s primary responsi-bility is to create a low-cost plan without compromising quality or access to care. ‘‘(2) O
FFERING THROUGH EXCHANGES .— ‘‘(A) E
XCLUSIVE TO EXCHANGES .—The public health insurance option shall only be made available through Exchanges established under this title. ‘‘(B) E
NSURING A LEVEL PLAYING FIELD .— Consistent with this section, the public health insurance option shall comply with requirements that are applicable under this title to health benefits plans offered through such Exchanges, including requirements re-lated to benefits, benefit levels, provider net-works, notices, consumer protections, and cost sharing. ‘‘(C) PROVISION OF BENEFIT LEVELS .—The public health insurance option— ‘‘(i) shall offer bronze, silver, and gold plans; and ‘‘(ii) may offer platinum plans. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING .—The Secretary may enter into contracts for the purpose of performing administrative func-tions (including functions described in sub-section (a)(4) of section 1874A of the Social Security Act) with respect to the public health insurance option in the same manner as the Secretary may enter into contracts under subsection (a)(1) of such section. The Secretary has the same authority with re-spect to the public health insurance option as the Secretary has under subsections (a)(1) and (b) of section 1874A of the Social Secu-rity Act with respect to title XVIII of such Act. Contracts under this subsection shall not involve the transfer of insurance risk to such entity. ‘‘(4) O
MBUDSMAN .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an office of the ombudsman for the public health insurance option which shall have duties with respect to the public health insurance option similar to the duties of the Medicare Beneficiary Ombudsman under sec-tion 1808(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. In addition, such office shall work with States to ensure that information and notice is pro-vided that the public health insurance option is one of the health plans available through an Exchange. ‘‘(5) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall collect such data as may be required to establish premiums and payment rates for the public health insurance option and for other purposes under this section, including to improve quality and to reduce racial, eth-nic, and other disparities in health and health care. ‘‘(6) A
CCESS TO FEDERAL COURTS .—The pro- visions of Medicare (and related provisions of title II of the Social Security Act) relating to access of Medicare beneficiaries to Fed-eral courts for the enforcement of rights under Medicare, including with respect to amounts in controversy, shall apply to the public health insurance option and individ-uals enrolled under such option under this title in the same manner as such provisions apply to Medicare and Medicare bene-ficiaries. ‘‘(b) P
REMIUMS AND FINANCING .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PREMIUMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish geographically adjusted premium rates for the public health insurance op-tion— ‘‘(i) in a manner that complies with the premium rules under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(ii) at a level sufficient to fully finance the costs of— ‘‘(I) health benefits provided by the public health insurance option; and ‘‘(II) administrative costs related to oper-ating the public health insurance option. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINGENCY MARGIN .—In establishing premium rates under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall include an appropriate amount for a contingency margin. ‘‘(2) A
CCOUNT .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count for the receipts and disbursements at-tributable to the operation of the public health insurance option, including the start- up funding under subparagraph (B). Section 1854(g) of the Social Security Act shall apply to receipts described in the previous sen-tence in the same manner as such section ap-plies to payments or premiums described in such section. ‘‘(B) S
TART -UP FUNDING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In order to provide for the establishment of the public health insur-ance option there is hereby appropriated to the Secretary, out of any funds in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, $2,000,000,000. In order to provide for initial claims reserves before the collection of premiums, there is hereby appropriated to the Secretary, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, such sums as necessary to cover 90 days worth of claims reserves based on projected enrollment. ‘‘(ii) AMORTIZATION OF START -UP FUNDING .— The Secretary shall provide for the repay-ment of the startup funding provided under clause (i) to the Treasury in an amortized manner over the 10-year period beginning with 2018. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON FUNDING .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as author-izing any additional appropriations to the account, other than such amounts as are otherwise provided with respect to other health benefits plans participating under the Exchange involved. ‘‘(3) I
NSURANCE RATING RULES .—The pre- mium rate charged for the public health in-surance option may not vary except as pro-vided under section 2701 of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(c) P
AYMENT RATES FOR ITEMS AND SERV-
ICES.— ‘‘(1) R
ATES ESTABLISHED BY SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish payment rates for the public health insurance option for services and health care providers consistent with this subsection and may change such payment rates in accord-ance with subsection (d). ‘‘(B) I
NITIAL PAYMENT RULES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—During 2018, 2019, and 2020, the Secretary shall set the payment rates under this subsection for services and providers described in subparagraph (A) equal to the payment rates for equivalent services and providers under parts A and B of Medicare, subject to clause (ii), paragraph (4), and subsection (d). ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may de-termine the extent to which Medicare ad-justments applicable to base payment rates under parts A and B of Medicare for graduate medical education and disproportionate share hospitals shall apply under this sec-tion. ‘‘(C) F
OR NEW SERVICES .—The Secretary shall modify payment rates described in sub-paragraph (B) in order to accommodate pay-ments for services, such as well-child visits, that are not otherwise covered under Medi-care. ‘‘(D) P
RESCRIPTION DRUGS .—Payment rates under this subsection for prescription drugs that are not paid for under part A or part B of Medicare shall be at rates negotiated by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT PERIODS ; PROVIDER NET -
WORK .— ‘‘(A) S
UBSEQUENT PERIODS .—Beginning with 2021 and for subsequent years, the Secretary shall continue to use an administrative proc-ess to set such rates in order to promote pay-ment accuracy, to ensure adequate bene-ficiary access to providers, and to promote affordability and the efficient delivery of medical care consistent with subsection (a)(1). Such rates shall not be set at levels expected to increase average medical costs per enrollee covered under the public health insurance option beyond what would be ex-pected if the process under paragraph (1)(B) were continued, as certified by the Office of the Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. ‘‘(B) E
STABLISHMENT OF A PROVIDER NET -
WORK .—Health care providers participating under Medicare are participating providers in the public health insurance option unless they opt out in a process established by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.058 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4516 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(3) A DMINISTRATIVE PROCESS FOR SETTING  
RATES .—Chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code shall apply to the process for the initial establishment of payment rates under this subsection but not to the specific method-ology for establishing such rates or the cal-culation of such rates. ‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed as limiting the Sec-retary’s authority to correct for payments that are excessive or deficient, taking into account the provisions of subsection (a)(1) and any appropriate adjustments based on the demographic characteristics of enrollees covered under the public health insurance option, but in no case shall the correction of payments under this paragraph result in a level of expenditures per enrollee that ex-ceeds the level of expenditures that would have occurred under paragraph (1)(B), as cer-tified by the Office of the Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. ‘‘(5) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed as affecting the au-thority of the Secretary to establish pay-ment rates, including payments to provide for the more efficient delivery of services, such as the initiatives provided for under subsection (d). ‘‘(6) L
IMITATIONS ON REVIEW .—There shall be no administrative or judicial review of a payment rate or methodology established under this subsection or under subsection (d). ‘‘(d) M
ODERNIZED PAYMENT INITIATIVES AND  D
ELIVERY SYSTEM REFORM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For plan years beginning with 2018, the Secretary may utilize innova-tive payment mechanisms and policies to de-termine payments for items and services under the public health insurance option. The payment mechanisms and policies under this subsection may include patient-centered medical home and other care management payments, accountable care organizations, value-based purchasing, bundling of services, differential payment rates, performance or utilization based payments, partial capita-tion, and direct contracting with providers. Payment rates under such payment mecha-nisms and policies shall not be set at levels expected to increase average medical costs per enrollee covered under the public health insurance option beyond what would be ex-pected if the process under subsection (c)(1)(B) were continued, as certified by the Office of the Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR INNOVATIVE PAY -
MENTS .—The Secretary shall design and im-plement the payment mechanisms and poli-cies under this subsection in a manner that— ‘‘(A) seeks to— ‘‘(i) improve health outcomes; ‘‘(ii) reduce health disparities (including racial, ethnic, and other disparities); ‘‘(iii) provide efficient and affordable care; ‘‘(iv) address geographic variation in the provision of health services; or ‘‘(v) prevent or manage chronic illness; and ‘‘(B) promotes care that is integrated, pa-tient-centered, high-quality, and efficient. ‘‘(3) E
NCOURAGING THE USE OF HIGH VALUE  
SERVICES .—To the extent allowed by the ben-efit standards applied to all health benefits plans participating under the Exchange in-volved, the public health insurance option may modify cost sharing and payment rates to encourage the use of services that pro-mote health and value. ‘‘(4) N
ON-UNIFORMITY PERMITTED .—Nothing in this subtitle shall prevent the Secretary from varying payments based on different payment structure models (such as account-able care organizations and medical homes) under the public health insurance option for different geographic areas. ‘‘(e) P
ROVIDER PARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish conditions of participation for health care providers under the public health insur-ance option. ‘‘(2) L
ICENSURE OR CERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall not allow a health care pro-vider to participate in the public health in-surance option unless such provider is appro-priately licensed or certified under State law. ‘‘(3) P
AYMENT TERMS FOR PROVIDERS .— ‘‘(A) P
HYSICIANS .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the annual participation of physi-cians under the public health insurance op-tion, for which payment may be made for services furnished during the year, in one of 2 classes: ‘‘(i) P
REFERRED PHYSICIANS .—Those physi-cians who agree to accept the payment rate established under this section (without re-gard to cost-sharing) as the payment in full. ‘‘(ii) P
ARTICIPATING , NON-PREFERRED PHYSI -
CIANS .—Those physicians who agree not to impose charges (in relation to the payment rate described in subsection (c) for such phy-sicians) that exceed the ratio permitted under section 1848(g)(2)(C) of the Social Secu-rity Act. ‘‘(B) O
THER PROVIDERS .—The Secretary shall provide for the participation (on an an-nual or other basis specified by the Sec-retary) of health care providers (other than physicians) under the public health insur-ance option under which payment shall only be available if the provider agrees to accept the payment rate established under sub-section (c) (without regard to cost-sharing) as the payment in full. ‘‘(4) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN PROVIDERS .— The Secretary shall exclude from participa-tion under the public health insurance op-tion a health care provider that is excluded from participation in a Federal health care program (as defined in section 1128B(f) of the Social Security Act). ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION OF FRAUD AND ABUSE PRO-
VISIONS .—Provisions of law (other than criminal law provisions) identified by the Secretary by regulation, in consultation with the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, that impose sanctions with respect to waste, fraud, and abuse under Medicare, such as the False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.), shall also apply to the public health insur-ance option. ‘‘(g) M
EDICARE DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘Medicare’ means the health insurance programs under title XVIII of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
REATMENT AS QUALIFIED HEALTH  
PLAN .—Section 1301(a)(2) of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act is amend-ed— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘, 
THE PUB -
LIC HEALTH INSURANCE OPTION ,’’ before ‘‘ AND’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘the public health insur-ance option under section 1325,’’ before ‘‘and a multi-State plan’’. (2) L
EVEL PLAYING FIELD .—Section 1324(a) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘the public health insurance option under section 1325,’’ before ‘‘or a multi-State qualified health plan’’. TITLE II—HEALTH CARE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 201. INCREASE IN ELIGIBILITY FOR PRE-MIUM ASSISTANCE TAX CREDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 36B(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘400 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘600 percent’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table contained in clause (i) of section 36B(b)(3)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘400%’’ and in-serting ‘‘600%’’. (c) RECONCILIATION OF CREDIT AND ADVANCE  C
REDIT .—Clause (i) of section 36B(f)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the amount of’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The amount of’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘but less than 400%’’ in the table. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 202. ENHANCEMENTS FOR REDUCED COST SHARING. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF AMOUNT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1402(c)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REDUCTION .—The Sec-retary shall establish procedures under which the issuer of a qualified health plan to which this section applies shall further re-duce cost-sharing under the plan in a manner sufficient to— ‘‘(A) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is not less than 100 percent but not more than 200 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan to 95 percent of such costs; ‘‘(B) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is more than 200 percent but not more than 300 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan to 90 percent of such costs; and ‘‘(C) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is more than 300 percent but not more than 400 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan to 85 percent of such costs.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Clause (i) of section 1402(c)(1)(B) of such Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure the reduction under this paragraph shall not result in an increase in the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan above— ‘‘(I) 95 percent in the case of an eligible in-sured described in paragraph (2)(A); ‘‘(II) 90 percent in the case of an eligible in-sured described in paragraph (2)(B); and ‘‘(III) 85 percent in the case of an eligible insured described in paragraph (2)(C).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary for payments under this section.’’. TITLE III—DRUG PRICING 
SEC. 301. REQUIRING DRUG MANUFACTURERS TO PROVIDE DRUG REBATES FOR DRUGS DISPENSED TO LOW-INCOME INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–2 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–102) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and subsection (f)’’ after ‘‘this subsection’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG REBATE AGREE -
MENT FOR REBATE ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.058 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4517 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For plan years begin-ning on or after January 1, 2019, in this part, the term ‘covered part D drug’ does not in-clude any drug or biological product that is manufactured by a manufacturer that has not entered into and have in effect a rebate agreement described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) 2018 
PLAN YEAR REQUIREMENT .—Any drug or biological product manufactured by a manufacturer that declines to enter into a rebate agreement described in paragraph (2) for the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2018, shall not be included as a ‘covered part D drug’ for the subsequent plan year. ‘‘(2) R
EBATE AGREEMENT .—A rebate agree-ment under this subsection shall require the manufacturer to provide to the Secretary a rebate for each rebate period (as defined in paragraph (6)(B)) ending after December 31, 2017, in the amount specified in paragraph (3) for any covered part D drug of the manufac-turer dispensed after December 31, 2017, to any rebate eligible individual (as defined in paragraph (6)(A)) for which payment was made by a PDP sponsor or MA organization under this part for such period, including payments passed through the low-income and reinsurance subsidies under sections 1860D–14 and 1860D–15(b), respectively. Such rebate shall be paid by the manufacturer to the Secretary not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the information de-scribed in section 1860D–12(b)(7), including as such section is applied under section 1857(f)(3), or 30 days after the receipt of infor-mation under subparagraph (D) of paragraph (3), as determined by the Secretary. Insofar as not inconsistent with this subsection, the Secretary shall establish terms and condi-tions of such agreement relating to compli-ance, penalties, and program evaluations, in-vestigations, and audits that are similar to the terms and conditions for rebate agree-ments under paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 1927(b). ‘‘(3) R
EBATE FOR REBATE ELIGIBLE MEDICARE  
DRUG PLAN ENROLLEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the re-bate specified under this paragraph for a manufacturer for a rebate period, with re-spect to each dosage form and strength of any covered part D drug provided by such manufacturer and dispensed to a rebate eli-gible individual, shall be equal to the prod-uct of— ‘‘(i) the total number of units of such dos-age form and strength of the drug so pro-vided and dispensed for which payment was made by a PDP sponsor or an MA organiza-tion under this part for the rebate period, in-cluding payments passed through the low-in-come and reinsurance subsidies under sec-tions 1860D–14 and 1860D–15(b), respectively; and ‘‘(ii) the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the Medicaid rebate amount (as de-fined in subparagraph (B)) for such form, strength, and period, exceeds ‘‘(II) the average Medicare drug program rebate eligible rebate amount (as defined in subparagraph (C)) for such form, strength, and period. ‘‘(B) M
EDICAID REBATE AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘Medicaid rebate amount’ means, with respect to each dosage form and strength of a covered part D drug provided by the manufacturer for a re-bate period— ‘‘(i) in the case of a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug, the amount specified in paragraph (1)(A)(ii)(II) or (2)(C) of section 1927(c) plus the amount, if any, specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) of paragraph (2) of such section, for such form, strength, and period; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of any other covered out-patient drug, the amount specified in para-graph (3)(A)(i) of such section for such form, strength, and period. ‘‘(C) AVERAGE MEDICARE DRUG PROGRAM RE -
BATE ELIGIBLE REBATE AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘average Medicare drug program rebate eligible rebate amount’ means, with respect to each dosage form and strength of a covered part D drug provided by a manufacturer for a rebate pe-riod, the sum, for all PDP sponsors under part D and MA organizations administering an MA–PD plan under part C, of— ‘‘(i) the product, for each such sponsor or organization, of— ‘‘(I) the sum of all rebates, discounts, or other price concessions (not taking into ac-count any rebate provided under paragraph (2) or any discounts under the program under section 1860D–14A) for such dosage form and strength of the drug dispensed, calculated on a per-unit basis, but only to the extent that any such rebate, discount, or other price concession applies equally to drugs dispensed to rebate eligible Medicare drug plan enroll-ees and drugs dispensed to PDP and MA–PD enrollees who are not rebate eligible individ-uals; and ‘‘(II) the number of the units of such dos-age and strength of the drug dispensed dur-ing the rebate period to rebate eligible indi-viduals enrolled in the prescription drug plans administered by the PDP sponsor or the MA–PD plans administered by the MA organization; divided by ‘‘(ii) the total number of units of such dos-age and strength of the drug dispensed dur-ing the rebate period to rebate eligible indi-viduals enrolled in all prescription drug plans administered by PDP sponsors and all MA–PD plans administered by MA organiza-tions. ‘‘(D) U
SE OF ESTIMATES .—The Secretary may establish a methodology for estimating the average Medicare drug program rebate eligible rebate amounts for each rebate pe-riod based on bid and utilization information under this part and may use these estimates as the basis for determining the rebates under this section. If the Secretary elects to estimate the average Medicare drug program rebate eligible rebate amounts, the Sec-retary shall establish a reconciliation proc-ess for adjusting manufacturer rebate pay-ments not later than 3 months after the date that manufacturers receive the information collected under section 1860D–12(b)(7)(B). ‘‘(4) L
ENGTH OF AGREEMENT .—The provi-sions of paragraph (4) of section 1927(b) (other than clauses (iv) and (v) of subpara-graph (B)) shall apply to rebate agreements under this subsection in the same manner as such paragraph applies to a rebate agree-ment under such section. ‘‘(5) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall establish other terms and conditions of the rebate agreement under this subsection, including terms and condi-tions related to compliance, that are con-sistent with this subsection. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection and section 1860D–12(b)(7): ‘‘(A) R
EBATE ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘rebate eligible individual’ means— ‘‘(i) a subsidy eligible individual (as de-fined in section 1860D–14(a)(3)(A)); ‘‘(ii) a Medicaid beneficiary treated as a subsidy eligible individual under clause (v) of section 1860D–14(a)(3)(B); and ‘‘(iii) any part D eligible individual not de-scribed in clause (i) or (ii) who is determined for purposes of the State plan under title XIX to be eligible for medical assistance under clause (i), (iii), or (iv) of section 1902(a)(10)(E). ‘‘(B) REBATE PERIOD .—The term ‘rebate pe-riod’ has the meaning given such term in section 1927(k)(8).’’. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR THE DE-
TERMINATION AND PAYMENT OF REBATES BY  M
ANUFACTURERS RELATED TO REBATE FOR  R
EBATE ELIGIBLE MEDICARE DRUG PLAN EN-
ROLLEES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PDP SPONSORS .—Sec- tion 1860D–12(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–112(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR THE DE -
TERMINATION AND PAYMENT OF REBATES BY  
MANUFACTURERS RELATED TO REBATE FOR RE -
BATE ELIGIBLE MEDICARE DRUG PLAN ENROLL -
EES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the re-bate under section 1860D–2(f) for contract years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, each contract entered into with a PDP spon-sor under this part with respect to a pre-scription drug plan shall require that the sponsor comply with subparagraphs (B) and (C). ‘‘(B) R
EPORT FORM AND CONTENTS .—Not later than a date specified by the Secretary, a PDP sponsor of a prescription drug plan under this part shall report to each manufac-turer— ‘‘(i) information (by National Drug Code number) on the total number of units of each dosage, form, and strength of each drug of such manufacturer dispensed to rebate eligi-ble Medicare drug plan enrollees under any prescription drug plan operated by the PDP sponsor during the rebate period; ‘‘(ii) information on the price discounts, price concessions, and rebates for such drugs for such form, strength, and period; ‘‘(iii) information on the extent to which such price discounts, price concessions, and rebates apply equally to rebate eligible Medicare drug plan enrollees and PDP en-rollees who are not rebate eligible Medicare drug plan enrollees; and ‘‘(iv) any additional information that the Secretary determines is necessary to enable the Secretary to calculate the average Medi-care drug program rebate eligible rebate amount (as defined in paragraph (3)(C) of such section), and to determine the amount of the rebate required under this section, for such form, strength, and period. Such report shall be in a form consistent with a standard reporting format established by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY .—Each PDP sponsor shall promptly transmit a copy of the information reported under subpara-graph (B) to the Secretary for the purpose of audit oversight and evaluation. ‘‘(D) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— The provisions of subparagraph (D) of section 1927(b)(3), relating to confidentiality of infor-mation, shall apply to information reported by PDP sponsors under this paragraph in the same manner that such provisions apply to information disclosed by manufacturers or wholesalers under such section, except— ‘‘(i) that any reference to ‘this section’ in clause (i) of such subparagraph shall be treated as being a reference to this section; ‘‘(ii) the reference to the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in clause (iii) of such subparagraph shall be treated as includ-ing a reference to the Medicare Payment Ad-visory Commission; and ‘‘(iii) clause (iv) of such subparagraph shall not apply. ‘‘(E) O
VERSIGHT .—Information reported under this paragraph may be used by the In-spector General of the Department of Health and Human Services for the statutorily au-thorized purposes of audit, investigation, and evaluations. ‘‘(F) P
ENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO PROVIDE  
TIMELY INFORMATION AND PROVISION OF FALSE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.058 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4518 July 27, 2017 
INFORMATION .—In the case of a PDP spon-sor— ‘‘(i) that fails to provide information re-quired under subparagraph (B) on a timely basis, the sponsor is subject to a civil money penalty in the amount of $10,000 for each day in which such information has not been pro-vided; or ‘‘(ii) that knowingly (as defined in section 1128A(i)) provides false information under such subparagraph, the sponsor is subject to a civil money penalty in an amount not to exceed $100,000 for each item of false infor-mation. Such civil money penalties are in addition to other penalties as may be prescribed by law. The provisions of section 1128A (other than subsections (a) and (b)) shall apply to a civil money penalty under this subparagraph in the same manner as such provisions apply to a penalty or proceeding under section 1128A(a).’’. (2) A
PPLICATION TO MA ORGANIZATIONS .— Section 1857(f)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–27(f)(3)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(D) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT RELATED TO  
REBATE FOR REBATE ELIGIBLE MEDICARE DRUG  
PLAN ENROLLEES .—Section 1860D–12(b)(7).’’. (c) D
EPOSIT OF REBATES INTO MEDICARE  P
RESCRIPTION DRUG ACCOUNT .—Section 1860D–16(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–116(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) R
EBATE FOR REBATE ELIGIBLE MEDICARE  
DRUG PLAN ENROLLEES .—Amounts paid under a rebate agreement under section 1860D–2(f) shall be deposited into the Account.’’. (d) E
XCLUSION FROM DETERMINATION OF  B
EST PRICE AND AVERAGE MANUFACTURER  P
RICE UNDER MEDICAID .— (1) E
XCLUSION FROM BEST PRICE DETERMINA -
TION.—Section 1927(c)(1)(C)(ii)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(c)(1)(C)(ii)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and amounts paid under a rebate agreement under section 1860D–2(f)’’ after ‘‘this section’’. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM AVERAGE MANUFAC -
TURER PRICE DETERMINATION .—Section 1927(k)(1)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(k)(1)(B)(i)) is amended— (A) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subclause (V), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VI) amounts paid under a rebate agree-ment under section 1860D–2(f).’’. 
SEC. 302. NEGOTIATION OF PRICES FOR MEDI-CARE PRESCRIPTION DRUGS. 
Section 1860D–11 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–111) is amended by striking subsection (i) (relating to noninterference) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) N
EGOTIATION ; NONATIONAL FORMULARY  
ORPRICE STRUCTURE .— ‘‘(1) N
EGOTIATION OF PRICES WITH MANUFAC -
TURERS .—In order to ensure that bene-ficiaries enrolled under prescription drug plans and MA–PD plans pay the lowest pos-sible price, the Secretary shall have and ex-ercise authority similar to that of other Fed-eral entities that purchase prescription drugs in bulk to negotiate contracts with manufacturers of covered part D drugs, con-sistent with the requirements and in further-ance of the goals of providing quality care and containing costs under this part. ‘‘(2) N
O NATIONAL FORMULARY OR PRICE  
STRUCTURE .—In order to promote competi-tion under this part and in carrying out this part, the Secretary may not require a par-ticular formulary or institute a price struc-ture for the reimbursement of covered part D drugs.’’. SEC. 303. GUARANTEED PRESCRIPTION DRUG BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–3 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–103) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
ACCESS TO A CHOICE OF QUALIFIED  
PRESCRIPTION DRUG COVERAGE  ‘‘S
EC. 1860D–3. (a) A SSURING ACCESS TO A  C
HOICE OF COVERAGE .— ‘‘(1) C
HOICE OF AT LEAST THREE PLANS IN  
EACH AREA .—Beginning on January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall ensure that each part D eligible individual has available, consistent with paragraph (2), a choice of enrollment in— ‘‘(A) a nationwide prescription drug plan offered by the Secretary in accordance with subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) at least 2 qualifying plans (as defined in paragraph (3)) in the area in which the in-dividual resides, at least one of which is a prescription drug plan. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DIFFERENT PLAN  
SPONSORS .—The requirement in paragraph (1)(B) is not satisfied with respect to an area if only one entity offers all the qualifying plans in the area. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFYING PLAN DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘qualifying plan’ means— ‘‘(A) a prescription drug plan; ‘‘(B) an MA–PD plan described in section 1851(a)(2)(A)(i) that provides— ‘‘(i) basic prescription drug coverage; or ‘‘(ii) qualified prescription drug coverage that provides supplemental prescription drug coverage so long as there is no MA monthly supplemental beneficiary premium applied under the plan, due to the application of a credit against such premium of a rebate under section 1854(b)(1)(C); or ‘‘(C) a nationwide prescription drug plan offered by the Secretary in accordance with subsection (b). ‘‘(b) HHS 
ASPDP S PONSOR FOR A NATION -
WIDE PRESCRIPTION DRUGPLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall take such steps as may be necessary to qualify and serve as a PDP sponsor and to offer a prescription drug plan that offers basic pre-scription drug coverage throughout the United States. Such a plan shall be in addi-tion to, and not in lieu of, other prescription drug plans offered under this part. ‘‘(2) P
REMIUM ; SOLVENCY ; AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall establish a premium in the amount of $37 for months in 2019 and, for months in subsequent years, in the amount specified in this paragraph for months in the previous year increased by the annual per-centage increase described in section 1860D– 2(b)(6) (relating to growth in medicare pre-scription drug costs per beneficiary) for the year involved; ‘‘(B) is deemed to have met any applicable solvency and capital adequacy standards; and ‘‘(C) shall exercise such authorities (in-cluding the use of regional or other pharma-ceutical benefit managers) as the Secretary determines necessary to offer the prescrip-tion drug plan in the same or a comparable manner as is the case for prescription drug plans offered by private PDP sponsors. ‘‘(c) F
LEXIBILITY IN RISK ASSUMED .—In order to ensure access pursuant to sub-section (a) in an area the Secretary may ap-prove limited risk plans under section 1860D– 11(f) for the area.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1860D–11(g) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–111(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection shall not apply on or after January 1, 2019.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 304. FULL REIMBURSEMENT FOR QUALIFIED RETIREE PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF TRUE OUT-OF-POCKET  L
IMITATION .—Section 1860D–2(b)(4)(C)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 102(b)(4)(C)(iii) is amended— (1) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (IV), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(V) under a qualified retiree prescription drug plan (as defined in section 1860D– 22(a)(2)).’’. (b) E
QUALIZATION OF SUBSIDIES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall provide for such increase in the special sub-sidy payment amounts under section 1860D– 22(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–132(a)(3)) as may be appropriate to pro-vide for payments in the aggregate equiva-lent to the payments that would have been made under section 1860D–15 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–115) if the individuals were not enrolled in a qualified retiree prescription drug plan. In making such computation, the Secretary shall not take into account the ap-plication of the amendments made by sec-tion 1202 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–173; 117 Stat. 2480). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect on January 1, 2019. TITLE IV—MEDICAID COLLABORATIVE CARE MODELS 
SEC. 401. ENHANCED FMAP FOR MEDICAL AS-SISTANCE PROVIDED THROUGH A COLLABORATIVE CARE MODEL. 
Section 1905 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d) is amended— (1) in the first sentence of subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘, and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (5)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and (6) beginning Janu-ary 1, 2018, the Federal medical assistance percentage shall be 100 percent with respect to medical assistance provided by a State for items and services delivered through a col-laborative care model (as defined in sub-section (ee)) or an evidence-based model (which may be a collaborative care model) that integrates behavioral health services into primary care treatment’’ before the pe-riod; (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(ee) C
OLLABORATIVE CAREMODELS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘collaborative care model’ means a model for providing health care to individuals which adheres to the core services described in paragraph (2) and under which each individual receiving care through the model receives care from a collaborative team of providers described in paragraph (3). ‘‘(2) C
ORE SERVICES .—The services de-scribed in this paragraph are: ‘‘(A) Comprehensive care management. ‘‘(B) Care coordination and health pro-motion. ‘‘(C) Comprehensive transitional care from inpatient settings to other settings, includ-ing appropriate follow up. ‘‘(D) Individual and family support, which shall include authorized representatives. ‘‘(E) Referral to community and social sup-port services, as appropriate. ‘‘(F) The use of health information tech-nology to link services, as feasible and ap-propriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.058 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4519 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(3) C OLLABORATIVE HEALTH TEAM .—A team described in this paragraph includes the fol-lowing providers: ‘‘(A) A primary care provider such as a pri-mary care phsyician, an internist, a nurse practitioner, or a physician’s assistant. ‘‘(B) Care management staff which shall in-clude a member who is a registered profes-sional nurse, a clinical social worker, or a psychologist, and who specializes in primary care management and is trained to provide evidence based care coordination, brief be-havioral interventions, and to support treat-ments (including medications) initiated by a primary care physician. ‘‘(C) A psychiatric consultant who shall ad-vise the primary care provider as necessary (either in person or remotely).’’. 
SA 502. Mr. ENZI (for Mr. H ELLER  (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER )) pro-posed an amendment to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; as follows: 
Strike subsection (c) of section 109. 
SA 503. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 105 and insert the following: 
SEC. 105. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980H (and the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such chap-ter). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 504. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 104 and insert the following: 
SEC. 104. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 48 (and the item related to such chapter in the table of chapters). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 505. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 114 and insert the following: 
SEC. 105. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 506. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Government Data Act’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3561 of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (c). (c) O
PENGOVERNMENT DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter III—Open Government Data ‘‘§ 3561. Definitions ‘‘As used in this subchapter— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 3502; and ‘‘(B) includes the Federal Election Com-mission; ‘‘(2) the term ‘data’ means recorded infor-mation, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(3) the term ‘data asset’ means a collec-tion of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(5) the term ‘Enterprise Data Inventory’ means a data inventory developed and main-tained under section 3563; ‘‘(6) the terms ‘information resources man-agement’, ‘information system’, and ‘infor-mation technology’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3502; ‘‘(7) the term ‘machine-readable’ means a format in which information or data can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no se-mantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(8) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as content, format, source, rights, accuracy, provenance, frequency, periodicity, granu-larity, publisher or responsible party, con-tact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(9) the term ‘open Government data asset’ means a data asset maintained by the Fed-eral Government that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available in an open format; ‘‘(C) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse; ‘‘(D) releasable to the public according to guidance issued by the Director under sec-tion 3562(d); and ‘‘(E) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organiza-tion; and ‘‘(10) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee applied to a data asset that the data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting. ‘‘§ 3562. Requirements for Government data ‘‘(a) MACHINE -READABLE DATAREQUIRED .— Open Government data assets made available by an agency shall be published as machine- readable data. ‘‘(b) O
PEN BY DEFAULT AND OPENLICENSE  R
EQUIRED .—To the extent permitted by law and subject to privacy, confidentiality, secu-rity, and any other restrictions, and accord-ing to guidance issued by the Director under subsection (d)— ‘‘(1) data assets maintained by the Federal Government shall— ‘‘(A) be available in an open format; and ‘‘(B) be available under open licenses; and ‘‘(2) open Government data assets pub-lished by or for an agency shall be made available under an open license. ‘‘(c) I
NNOVATION .—Each agency may engage with nongovernmental organizations, citi-zens, nonprofit organizations, colleges and universities, private and public companies, and other agencies to explore opportunities to leverage the data assets of the agency in a manner that may provide new opportuni-ties for innovation in the public and private sectors in accordance with law, regulation, and policy. ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE FOR OPEN BY DEFAULT AND  O
PENLICENSE REQUIREMENTS .—The Director shall issue guidance for agencies to use in implementing subsections (a) and (b), includ-ing criteria that the head of each agency shall use in determining whether to make a particular data asset publicly available in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(1) privacy and confidentiality risks and restrictions, including the risk that an indi-vidual data asset in isolation does not pose a privacy or confidentiality risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(2) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(3) the cost and benefits to the public of converting a data asset into a machine-read-able format that is accessible and useful to the public; ‘‘(4) the expectation that a data asset be disclosed, if it would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (com-monly known as the ‘Freedom of Informa-tion Act’); and ‘‘(5) any other considerations that the Di-rector determines to be relevant. ‘‘§ 3563. Enterprise Data Inventory ‘‘(a) A
GENCY DATAINVENTORY REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to develop a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of an agen-cy, the head of each agency, in consultation with the Director, shall develop and main-tain an enterprise data inventory that ac-counts for any data asset created, collected, under the control or direction of, or main-tained by the agency after the effective date of this section, with the goal of including all data assets, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each Enterprise Data In-ventory shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Data assets used in agency informa-tion systems (including program administra-tion, statistics, and financial activity) gen-erated by applications, devices, networks, fa-cilities, and equipment, categorized by source type. ‘‘(B) Data assets shared or maintained across agency programs and bureaus. ‘‘(C) Data assets that are shared among agencies or created by more than 1 agency. ‘‘(D) A clear indication of all data assets that can be made publicly available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.058 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4520 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(E) A description of whether the agency has determined that an individual data asset may be made publicly available and whether the data asset is available to the public. ‘‘(F) Open Government data assets. ‘‘(G) Other elements as required by the guidance issued by the Director under sub-section (c). ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Chief In-formation Officer of each agency, in coordi-nation with privacy and security officials of the agency, shall use the guidance issued by the Director under section 3562(d) in deter-mining whether to make data assets in-cluded in the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency publicly available in an open for-mat and under an open license. ‘‘(c) G
UIDANCE FOR ENTERPRISE DATA IN-
VENTORY .—The Director shall issue guidance for each Enterprise Data Inventory, includ-ing a requirement that an Enterprise Data Inventory includes a compilation of metadata about agency data assets. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF ENTERPRISE DATAIN-
VENTORY .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency— ‘‘(1) shall make the Enterprise Data Inven-tory of the agency available to the public on the Federal Data Catalog required under sec-tion 3566; ‘‘(2) shall ensure that access to the Enter-prise Data Inventory of the agency and the data contained therein is consistent with ap-plicable law, regulation, and policy; and ‘‘(3) may implement paragraph (1) in a manner that maintains a nonpublic portion of the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency. ‘‘(e) R
EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) to the extent practicable, complete the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section; and ‘‘(2) add additional data assets to the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 90 days after the date on which the data asset is created or identified. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—When practicable, the Chief Information Officer of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to compile and publish the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency. ‘‘§ 3564. Federal agency responsibilities ‘‘(a) I
NFORMATION RESOURCES MANAGE -
MENT .—With respect to general information resources management, each agency shall— ‘‘(1) improve the integrity, quality, and utility of information to all users within and outside the agency by— ‘‘(A) using open format for any new open Government data asset created or obtained on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, encouraging the adoption of open format for all open Gov-ernment data assets created or obtained be-fore the date described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Director, de-velop an open data plan that, at a minimum and to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) requires the agency to develop proc-esses and procedures that— ‘‘(i) require each new data collection mech-anism to use an open format; and ‘‘(ii) allow the agency to collaborate with non-Government entities, researchers, busi-nesses, and private citizens for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use open Government data assets; ‘‘(B) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and out-side of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability issues, recommendations for im-provements, and complaints about adherence to open data requirements; ‘‘(C) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, com-pleteness, accuracy, usefulness, and avail-ability of open Government data assets; ‘‘(D) requires the agency to update the plan at an interval determined by the Direc-tor; ‘‘(E) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan including technology, training for employees, and im-plementing procurement standards, in ac-cordance with existing law, regulation, and policy, that allow for the acquisition of inno-vative solutions from the public and private sectors; and ‘‘(F) prohibits the disclosure of data assets unless the data asset may be released to the public in accordance with guidance issued by the Director under section 3562(d). ‘‘(b) INFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—With re- spect to information dissemination, each agency— ‘‘(1) shall provide access to open Govern-ment data assets online; ‘‘(2) shall take the necessary precautions to ensure that the agency maintains the pro-duction and publication of data assets which are directly related to activities that protect the safety of human life or property, as iden-tified by the open data plan of the agency re-quired under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(3) may engage the public in using open Government data assets and encourage col-laboration by— ‘‘(A) publishing information on open Gov-ernment data assets usage in regular, timely intervals, but not less frequently than annu-ally; ‘‘(B) receiving public input regarding prior-ities for the analysis and disclosure of data assets to be published; ‘‘(C) assisting civil society groups and members of the public working to expand the use of open Government data assets; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to cre-ate additional value from open Government data assets. ‘‘§ 3565. Additional agency data asset manage-ment responsibilities ‘‘The Chief Information Officer of each agency, or other appropriate official des-ignated by the head of an agency, in collabo-ration with other internal agency stake-holders, is responsible for— ‘‘(1) data asset management, format stand-ardization, sharing of data assets, and publi-cation of data assets for the agency; ‘‘(2) the compilation and publication of the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency re-quired under section 3563; ‘‘(3) ensuring that agency data conforms with open data best practices; ‘‘(4) engaging agency employees, the pub-lic, and contractors in using open Govern-ment data assets and encouraging collabo-rative approaches to improving data use; ‘‘(5) supporting the agency Performance Improvement Officer in generating data to support the function of the Performance Im-provement Officer described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(6) supporting officials responsible for leading agency mission areas and Govern-mentwide initiatives in maximizing data available for program administration, statis-tics, evaluation, research, and internal fi-nancial management, subject to any privacy, confidentiality, security laws and policies, and other valid restrictions; ‘‘(7) reviewing the information technology infrastructure of the agency and the impact of the infrastructure on making data assets accessible to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset accessibility; ‘‘(8) ensuring that, to the extent prac-ticable, the agency is maximizing data as-sets used in agency information systems gen-erated by applications, devices, networks, fa-cilities, and equipment, categorized by source type, and such use is not otherwise prohibited, to reduce costs, improve oper-ations, and strengthen security and privacy protections; and ‘‘(9) identifying points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and implementation as required by the Di-rector. ‘‘§ 3566. Federal Data Catalog ‘‘(a) FEDERAL DATA CATALOG REQUIRED .— The Administrator of General Services shall maintain a single public interface online, to be known as the ‘Federal Data Catalog’, as a point of entry dedicated to sharing open Government data assets with the public. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITH AGENCIES .—The Director shall determine, after consultation with the head of each agency and the Admin-istrator of General Services, the method to access any open Government data assets published through the interface described in subsection (a).’’. (2) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS .— (A) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Notwithstanding subsection (i), section 3562 of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any contract entered into by an agency on or after such effective date. (B) U
SE OF OPEN DATA ASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall en-sure that any activities by the agency or any new contract entered into by the agency meet the requirements of section 3562 of title 44, United States Code, as added by para-graph (1). (C) D
EADLINE FOR FEDERAL DATA CATA -
LOG.—Not later than 180 days after the effec-tive date of this section, the Administrator of General Services shall meet the require-ments of section 3566 of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1) (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA  ‘‘3561. Definitions. ‘‘3562. Requirements for Government data. ‘‘3563. Enterprise Data Inventory. ‘‘3564. Federal agency responsibilities. ‘‘3565. Additional agency data asset manage-ment responsibilities. ‘‘3566. Federal Data Catalog.’’. (d) E
VALUATION OF AGENCY ANALYTICAL CA-
PABILITIES .— (1) A
GENCY REVIEW OF EVALUATION AND  
ANALYSIS CAPABILITIES ; REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a report on the review described in paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF AGENCY REVIEW .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall as-sess the coverage, quality, methods, effec-tiveness, and independence of the evaluation, research, and analysis efforts of an agency, including each of the following: (A) A list of the activities and operations of the agency that are being evaluated and analyzed and the activities and operations that have been evaluated and analyzed dur-ing the previous 5 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.070 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4521 July 27, 2017 
(B) The extent to which the evaluations, research, and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency. (C) The extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organiza-tional learning, ongoing program manage-ment, performance management, strategic management, interagency and private sector coordination, internal and external over-sight, and accountability. (D) The extent to which the agency uses methods and combinations of methods that are appropriate to agency divisions and the corresponding research questions being ad-dressed, including an appropriate combina-tion of formative and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches. (E) The extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel, agency process for planning and implementing evaluation ac-tivities, disseminating best practices and findings, and incorporating employee views and feedback. (F) The extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist front-line staff and pro-gram offices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations. (3) GAO 
REVIEW OF AGENCY REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that summarizes agency findings and highlights trends from the reports submitted under paragraph (1) and, if appropriate, rec-ommends actions to further improve agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support evaluation efforts. (e) O
NLINE REPOSITORY AND ADDITIONAL RE-
PORTS .— (1) R
EPOSITORY .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall collaborate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Services to develop and maintain an online repository of tools, best practices, and sche-ma standards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices, which shall— (A) include definitions, regulation and pol-icy, checklists, and case studies related to open data, this section, and the amendments made by this section; and (B) facilitate collaboration and the adop-tion of best practices across the Federal Gov-ernment relating to the adoption of open data practices. (2) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that identifies— (A) the value of information made avail-able to the public as a result of this section and the amendments made by this section; (B) whether it is valuable to expand the publicly available information to any other data assets; and (C) the completeness of the Enterprise Data Inventory at each agency required under section 3563 of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (c). (3) B
IENNIAL OMB REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agency performance and compliance with this sec-tion and the amendments made by this sec-tion. (4) A
GENCY CIO REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section and every year thereafter, the Chief Informa-tion Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on compli-ance with the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section, including information on the requirements that the agency could not meet and what the agency needs to comply with those require-ments. (f) GUIDANCE .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall delegate to the Administrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs and the Admin-istrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment the authority to jointly issue guidance required under this section. (g) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEMS .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall not apply to data assets that are contained in a national security system, as defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code. (h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall be construed to require the disclosure of information or records that may be withheld from public disclosure under any provision of Federal law, includ-ing section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act’’) and section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974’’). (i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 507. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following: Subtitle ll—Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act of 2017 
SEC. 12l1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 12l2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) March 2017 marks the sixth year of the ongoing conflict in Syria. (2) As of February 2017— (A) more than 600,000 people are living under siege in Syria; (B) approximately 6,300,000 people are dis-placed from their homes inside Syria; and (C) approximately 4,900,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries as refugees. (3) Since the conflict in Syria began, the United States has provided more than $5,900,000,000 to meet humanitarian needs in Syria, making the United States the world’s single largest donor by far to the Syrian hu-manitarian response. (4) In response to growing concerns over systemic human rights violations in Syria, the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic (re-ferred to in this section as ‘‘COI’’) was estab-lished on August 22, 2011. The purpose of COI is to ‘‘investigate all alleged violations of international human rights law since March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic, to estab-lish the facts and circumstances that may amount to such violations and of the crimes perpetrated and, where possible, to identify those responsible with a view to ensuring that perpetrators of violations, including those that may constitute crimes against humanity, are held accountable’’. (5) On December 21, 2016, the United Na-tions General Assembly adopted a resolution to establish the International, Impartial and Independent Mechanism to Assist in the In-vestigation and Prosecution of Those Re-sponsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011. (6) The 2016 United States Commission on International Religious Freedom Annual Re-port states that in Syria ‘‘[r]eports have emerged from all groups, including Muslims, Christians, Ismailis, and others, of gross human rights violations, including behead-ing, rape, murder, torture of civilians and re-ligious figures, and the destruction of mosques and churches.’’. (7) On February 7, 2017, Amnesty Inter-national reported that between 5,000 and 13,000 people were extrajudicially executed in the Saydnaya Military Prison between Sep-tember 2011 and December 2015. (8) In February 2017, COI released a re-port— (A) stating that a joint United Nations- Syrian Arab Red Crescent convoy in Orum al-Kubra, Syria, was attacked by air on Sep-tember 19, 2016; (B) explaining that the attack killed at least 14 civilian aid workers, injured at least 15 others, and destroyed trucks, food, medi-cine, clothes, and other supplies; and (C) concluding that ‘‘the attack was me-ticulously planned and ruthlessly carried out by the Syrian air force to purposefully hinder the delivery of humanitarian aid and target aid workers, constituting the war crimes of deliberately attacking humani-tarian relief personnel, denial of humani-tarian aid and targeting civilians.’’. (9) On October 21, 2016, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons-United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism transmitted its fourth report, which con-cluded that the Syrian Arab Armed Forces and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) have both used chemical weapons against villages in Syria. (10) On August 11, 2016, COI released a re-port stating that certain offenses, including deliberately attacking hospitals, executions without due process, and the massive and systematized nature of deaths in state-con-trolled detention facilities in Syria, con-stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity. (11) Physicians for Human Rights reported that, between March 2011 and the end of De-cember 2016, Syrian government and allied forces— (A) had committed 412 attacks on medical facilities (including through the use of indis-criminate barrel bombs on at least 80 occa-sions); and (B) had killed 735 medical personnel. (12) The Department of State’s 2016 Coun-try Reports on Human Rights Practices— (A) details President Bashar al-Assad’s use of ‘‘indiscriminate and deadly force against civilians, conducting air and ground-based military assaults on cities, residential areas, and civilian infrastructure’’; (B) explains that ‘‘these attacks included bombardment with improvised explosive de-vices, commonly referred to as ‘barrel bombs’ . . .’’; and (C) reports that ‘‘[t]he government [of Syria] continued the use of torture and rape, including of children’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.070 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4522 July 27, 2017 
(13) On March 17, 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry stated: ‘‘In my judgment, Daesh is responsible for genocide against groups in areas under its control, including Yezidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims. . . . The United States will strongly support efforts to collect, document, preserve, and analyze the evidence of atrocities, and we will do all we can to see that the perpetrators are held accountable.’’. (14) In February 2016, COI reported that— (A) ‘‘crimes against humanity continue to be committed by [Syrian] Government forces and by ISIS’’; (B) the Syrian government has ‘‘com-mitted the crimes against humanity of ex-termination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, torture, imprisonment, en-force disappearance and other inhuman acts’’; and (C) ‘‘[a]ccountability for these and other crimes must form part of any political solu-tion’’. (15) Credible civil society organizations collecting evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria re-port that at least 12 countries in western Eu-rope and North America have requested as-sistance on investigating such crimes. 
SEC. 12l3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
Congress— (1) strongly condemns— (A) the ongoing violence, use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and systematic gross human rights violations carried out by the Government of Syria and pro-government forces under the direction of President Bashar al-Assad; and (B) all abuses committed by violent ex-tremist groups and other combatants in-volved in the civil war in Syria; (2) expresses its support for the people of Syria seeking democratic change; (3) urges all parties to the conflict— (A) to immediately halt indiscriminate at-tacks on civilians; (B) to allow for the delivery of humani-tarian and medical assistance; and (C) to end sieges of civilian populations; (4) calls on the President to support efforts in Syria, and on the part of the international community, to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide committed during the conflict; and (5) supports the request in United Nations Security Council Resolutions 2139 (2014), 2165 (2014), and 2191 (2014) for the Secretary-Gen-eral to regularly report to the Security Council on implementation on the resolu-tions, including of paragraph 2 of Resolution 2139, which ‘‘demands that all parties imme-diately put an end to all forms of violence [and] cease and desist from all violations of international humanitarian law and viola-tions and abuses of human rights’’. 
SEC. 12l4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) G
ENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) HYBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tribunal’’ means a temporary criminal tri-bunal that involves a combination of domes-tic and international lawyers, judges, and other professionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (4) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of ju-dicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retribu-tive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (5) W
AR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 12l5. REPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR CRIMES, CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY, AND GENOCIDE IN SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such re-port not later than 180 days after the Sec-retary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— (A) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (B) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other com-batants in the conflict; (C) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if pos-sible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (D) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (2) a description and assessment by the De-partment of State Office of Global Criminal Justice, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Govern-ment has undertaken to ensure account-ability for war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (A) to train investigators within and out-side of Syria on how to document, inves-tigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, in-cluding— (i) the number of United States Govern-ment or contract personnel currently des-ignated to work full-time on these issues; and (ii) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such training efforts; (B) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (C) to document, collect, preserve, and pro-tect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, including support for Syrian, foreign, and inter-national nongovernmental organizations, and other entities, including the Inter-national, Impartial and Independent Mecha-nism to Assist in the Investigation and Pros-ecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syr-ian Arab Republic; and (D) to assess the influence of account-ability measures on efforts to reach a nego-tiated settlement to the Syrian conflict dur-ing the reporting period. (c) FORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a pub-licly available annex. (d) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI-
DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly dis-closed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the de-struction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, anti-govern-ment forces, or any other combatants or par-ticipants in the conflict. 
SEC. 12l6. TRANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and offices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and other appropriate Federal agen-cies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations on which transi-tional justice mechanisms the United States Government should support, why such mech-anisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 12l7. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHOR-IZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appro-priate Federal agencies, is authorized to pro-vide appropriate assistance to support enti-ties that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, all forces fighting on its behalf, and all non- state armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— (1) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide; (2) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (3) conduct criminal investigations; (4) build Syria’s investigative and judicial capacities and support prosecutions in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.059 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4523 July 27, 2017 
domestic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power; (5) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate; or (6) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mechanisms. (b) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary of State, after consultation with ap-propriate Federal agencies and the appro-priate congressional committees, and taking into account the findings of the transitional justice study required under section 12 l6, is authorized to provide assistance to support the creation and operation of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individuals sus-pected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria be-ginning in March 2011. (c) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the appropriate congressional committees de-scribing the assistance provided to entities described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 12l8. STATE DEPARTMENT REWARDS FOR JUSTICE PROGRAM. 
Section 36(b)(10) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed in Syria beginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. 
SEC. 12l9. INDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COM-MISSION OF INQUIRY ON THE SYR-IAN ARAB REPUBLIC. 
The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annu-ally extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic. 
SA 508. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REVIEW OF UNITED STATES NUCLEAR AND RADIOLOGICAL TERRORISM PREVENTION STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nu-clear Security, shall enter into an arrange-ment with the National Academy of Sciences to assess and recommend improvements to the strategies of the United States for pre-venting, countering, and responding to nu-clear and radiological terrorism, specifically terrorism involving the use of nuclear weap-ons, improvised nuclear devices, or radio-logical dispersal or exposure devices, or the sabotage of nuclear facilities. (b) R
EVIEW .—The assessment conducted under subsection (a) shall address the ade-quacy of the strategies of the United States described in that subsection and identify technical, policy, and resource gaps with re-spect to— (1) identifying national and international nuclear and radiological terrorism risks and critical emerging threats; (2) preventing state and non-state actors from acquiring the technologies, materials, and critical expertise needed to mount nu-clear or radiological attacks; (3) countering efforts by state and non- state actors to mount such attacks; (4) responding to nuclear and radiological terrorism incidents to attribute their origin and help manage their consequences; and (5) other important matters identified by the National Academy of Sciences that are directly relevant to those strategies. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The assessment conducted under subsection (a) shall include recommendations to the Secretary of En-ergy, Congress, and such other Federal enti-ties as the National Academy of Sciences considers appropriate, for preventing, coun-tering, and responding to nuclear and radio-logical terrorism, including recommenda-tions for— (1) closing technical, policy, or resource gaps; (2) improving cooperation and appropriate integration among Federal entities and Fed-eral, State, and tribal governments; (3) improving cooperation between the United States and other countries and inter-national organizations; and (4) other important matters identified by the National Academy of Sciences that are directly relevant to the strategies of the United States described in subsection (a). (d) L
IAISONS .—The Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence shall appoint appropriate liaisons to the Na-tional Academy of Sciences with respect to supporting the timely conduct of the assess-ment required by subsection (a). (e) A
CCESS TO MATERIALS .—The Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intel-ligence shall provide access to the National Academy of Sciences to materials relevant to the assessment required by subsection (a). (f) C
LEARANCES .—The Secretary of Energy and the Director of National Intelligence shall ensure that appropriate members and staff of the National Academy of Sciences have the necessary clearances, obtained in an expedited manner, to conduct the assess-ment required by subsection (a). 
SA 509. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 338. FACILITIES DEMOLITION PLAN OF THE ARMY. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a facilities demolition plan of the Army that does the following: (1) Takes into account the impact of a con-taminated facility on mission readiness, and national security generally, in establishing priorities for the demolition of facilities. (2) Sets forth a multi-year plan for the demolition of Army facilities, including con-taminated facilities given afforded a priority for demolition pursuant to paragraph (1). SA 510. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATION TO THE HUBZONE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 3(p)(4)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘until the later of’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘for the 7-year period fol-lowing the date on which the census tract or nonmetropolitan county ceased to be so qualified.’’. 
SA 511. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W AR-
NER) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1218. COOPERATION BETWEEN INDIA AND AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON BILATERAL CO-
OPERATION .—It is the sense of Congress that, in order to promote stability and security in Afghanistan, the Secretary of Defense should, in coordination with the Secretary of State, identify and promote means by which the Government of India may do the fol-lowing: (1) Increase security assistance to the Af-ghan National Security Forces (ANSF), in-cluding through the provision of logistics support, threat analysis, intelligence, mate-riel, and maintenance support by India. (2) Support targeted infrastructure devel-opment and economic investment in Afghan-istan, including through a priority for such investment that is aligned with the mutual interests of the India Government and the United States Government. (3) Improve the provision by India of hu-manitarian and disaster relief assistance to Afghanistan, including through the provision of logistics support by India, joint training between Afghanistan and India, and com-bined military planning by Afghanistan and India for humanitarian assistance and dis-aster relief missions in Afghanistan. (b) E
NHANCED TRILATERAL COOPERATION .— In order to enhance trilateral cooperation between Afghanistan, India, and the United States, and to promote mutual priorities for security assistance in Afghanistan, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State— (1) work with representatives of the Af-ghanistan Government, the India Govern-ment, and the United States Government on an ongoing basis to— (A) establish priorities for investments to promote security and stability in Afghani-stan that align with the mutual interests of Afghanistan, India, and the United States; (B) identify gaps in the capabilities of Af-ghanistan security forces, and determine means of addressing such gaps; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.059 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4524 July 27, 2017 
(C) identify economic and infrastructure development opportunities in Afghanistan related to improving security and stability in Afghanistan; and (D) identify means of improving the co-ordination and delivery of humanitarian as-sistance and disaster relief capabilities to Afghanistan by the Afghanistan, India, and United States militaries in order to improve joint military response to current and an-ticipated humanitarian needs in Afghani-stan; and (2) advocate for necessary capabilities, es-pecially to meet critical, short-term needs identified by the commander of United States forces participating in Operation Res-olute Support in Afghanistan. 
SA 512. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PARENTAL LEAVE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 701 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (i) and (j); (2) by redesignating subsection (k) as sub-section (j); and (3) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection (i): ‘‘(i)(1) A member of the armed forces, re-gardless of gender or marital status, shall be authorized to take at least 84 days of paren-tal leave to be used in connection with— ‘‘(A) the birth of a child of the member; ‘‘(B) a qualifying adoption of a child by the member; or ‘‘(C) the placement of a child in foster care with the member. ‘‘(2) In the case of a dual military family, both members of the armed forces shall be authorized to take parental leave under this subsection. The Secretary concerned shall permit the transfer of such leave between the two members to accommodate individual family circumstances. ‘‘(3) For the purpose of parental leave under this subsection, an adoption of a child by a member of the armed forces is a quali-fying child adoption if the member is eligible for reimbursement of qualified adoption ex-penses for such adoption under section 1052 of this title. ‘‘(4) Parental leave under paragraph (1) is in addition to other leave provided under other provisions of this section or under other legal authority. Nothing in this sub-section prevents the Secretary concerned from authorizing convalescent leave for a fe-male member of the armed forces as nec-essary prior or subsequent to the delivery of her child. Convalescent or other leave taken before childbirth by a pregnant member shall not reduce the number of days of paren-tal leave available to the member under this subsection. ‘‘(5) The Secretary of Defense, and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security in the case of the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall prescribe regula-tions to implement this subsection, which shall be uniform for the armed forces.’’. 
SA 513. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON DEFENSE OF COMBAT LO-GISTICS AND STRATEGIC MOBILITY FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Jan-uary 1, 2018, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the defense of com-bat logistics and strategic mobility forces. (b) C
OVERED PERIODS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall cover two periods: (1) The period from 2018 through 2025. (2) The period from 2026 through 2035. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, for each of the peri-ods covered by the report, the following: (1) A description of potential warfighting planning scenarios in which combat logistics and strategic mobility forces will be threat-ened, including the most stressing such sce-nario. (2) A description of the combat logistics and strategic mobility forces capacity, in-cluding additional combat logistics and stra-tegic mobility forces, that may be required due to losses from attacks under each sce-nario described pursuant to paragraph (1). (3) A description of the projected capa-bility and capacity of subsurface (e.g., tor-pedoes), surface (e.g., anti-ship missiles), and air (e.g., anti-ship missiles) threats to com-bat logistics and strategic mobility forces for each scenario described pursuant to para-graph (1). (4) A description of planned operating con-cepts for defending combat logistics and strategic mobility forces from subsurface, surface, and air threats for each scenario de-scribed pursuant to paragraph (1). (5) An assessment of the ability and avail-ability of United States naval forces to de-fend combat logistics and strategic mobility forces from the threats described pursuant to paragraph (1), while also accomplishing other assigned missions, for each scenario described pursuant to that paragraph. (6) A description of specific capability gaps or risk areas in the ability or availability of United States naval forces to defend combat logistics and strategic mobility forces from the threats described pursuant to paragraph (1). (7) A description and assessment of poten-tial solutions to address the capability gaps and risk areas identified pursuant to para-graph (6), including new capabilities, in-creased capacity, or new operating concepts that could be employed by United States naval forces. (d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) C
OMBAT LOGISTICS AND STRATEGIC MO-
BILITY FORCES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘combat logistics and strategic mobil-ity forces’’ means the combat logistics force, the Ready Reserve Force, and the Military Sealift Command surge fleet. 
SA 514. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON THE CIRCUMSTANCES SURROUNDING THE 2016 ATTACKS ON THE U.S.S. MASON. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the cir-cumstances surrounding the attacks in 2016 on the U.S.S. Mason (DDG–87). 
SA 515. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
If the Congressional Budget Office deter-mines that the provisions of, or the amend-ments made by, this Act would reduce Fed-eral Medicaid spending and reduce taxes for the top 1 percent of Americans, such provi-sions or amendments shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and adminis-tered as if such provisions and amendments had not been enacted. 
SA 516. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO MULTI-USE SENSITIVE COMPART-MENTED INFORMATION FACILITIES. 
In order to facilitate access for small busi-ness concerns and nontraditional contractors to affordable secure spaces, the Secretary of Defense shall develop the processes and pro-cedures necessary to build, certify, and maintain certifications for multi-use sen-sitive compartmented information facilities not tied to a single contract and where mul-tiple companies can work on multiple projects at different security levels securely. 
SA 517. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.056 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4525 July 27, 2017 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Space is a warfighting domain. (2) Deterrence of adversaries of the United States, preserving the space domain, and de-fending against threats to space systems re-quires coordination across the Department of Defense, including the military depart-ments, and the intelligence community. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the National Space Defense Center is critical to defending and securing the space domain in order to protect all United States assets in space; (2) integration between the intelligence community and the Department of Defense within the National Space Defense Center is essential to detecting, assessing, and react-ing to evolving space threats; and (3) the Department of Defense, including the military departments, and the elements of the intelligence community should seek ways to bolster integration with respect to space threats through work at the National Space Defense Center. (c) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘intelligence commu-nity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
SA 518. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENT FOR FOREIGN MILI-TARY FINANCING PROVIDED AS GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Financing provided to a country or international organization pursu-ant to the authority of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763) for the procurement of defense articles, defense services, and design and construction serv-ices shall be made available on a grant basis. (b) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the restriction in subsection (a) in any fiscal year for any country or international organi-zation if the President first certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) the provision of such financing on any other basis to a specific country or inter-national organization will not result in the refusal by such country or international or-ganization to procure United States defense articles, defense services, or design and con-struction services through such financing; (2) if such financing is provided on a loan basis, the country or international organiza-tion has sufficient funds to repay such loan in a reasonable time, without causing an im-pact on the services or activities of such country or international organization pro-vides to its citizens or members, as the case may be; or (3) there will be no impact on United States defense sector jobs. (c) L
IMITATION .—The amounts of such fi-nancing to be provided to each country shall be generally comparable to the amount made available to such country for fiscal year 2017, subject to appropriations, with the exception of Israel, Egypt, Jordan, and Pakistan, un-less the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the different amount to be made available better serves the national security and foreign pol-icy interests of the United States with re-spect to the United States relationship with that country, including the rationale for such certification. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 519. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. COMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY TO ASSIST GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA EFFORTS TO COUNTER BOKO HARAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the next three years, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that contains a comprehensive strategy to support Nigeria’s efforts to counter Boko Haram through engagement with the Nige-rian security sector. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment conducted by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence of the major obstacles to Nigeria’s military ef-fectiveness in northeastern Nigeria, includ-ing recommendations for United States Gov-ernment diplomatic actions and security co-operation programs and activities to address such obstacles and a description of funding needs and actions that must be taken by the Government of Nigeria to address such ob-stacles; (2) an assessment of the efforts taken by the Nigerian military to hold soldiers ac-countable for human rights violations, in-cluding the Zaria massacre; (3) a plan for the United States Govern-ment to work to help the Government of Ni-geria increase its capacity to investigate and prosecute human rights abuses and to effec-tively try cases through transparent mecha-nisms; (4) a description of all security cooperation currently being provided to the Nigerian se-curity sector, as well as a description of cur-rent deployment of uniformed personnel cur-rently assisting with counter-Boko Haram efforts in the Lake Chad Basin and a descrip-tion of their location and their responsibil-ities; and (5) any other matters the President deems appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form with a classified annex. (d) P
ROHIBITION OF TRANSFERS .—No preci- sion-guided munitions or other types of air- delivered bombs may be transferred to the Government of Nigeria until the President certifies that the Government of Nigeria has made progress on military accountability for human rights abuses, including for the Zaria massacre in December 2015 that killed 300 people, and has publicly issued the findings of the inquiry into the January 2016 bombing in Rann. (e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 520. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 32, line 24, insert ‘‘and constructed in a Flight IIA configuration’’ before ‘‘using’’. 
SA 521. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CALCULATION OF THE COST OF DROP-IN FUELS. 
Section 2922h of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) I
NCLUSION OF FINANCIAL CONTRIBUTIONS  F
ROM OTHER FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS AND  A
GENCIES .—For purposes of calculating the fully burdened cost of a drop-in fuel under subsection (a), for a proposed purchase to be made on or after the beginning of fiscal year 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall include in such calculation any financial contribu-tions made by other Federal departments and agencies.’’. 
SA 522. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON AIRPORTS USED BY MAHAN AIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.119 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4526 July 27, 2017 
and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— (1) a list of all airports at which aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air have land-ed during the 2 years preceding the submis-sion of the report; and (2) for each such airport— (A) an assessment of whether aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air continue to conduct operations at that airport; (B) an assessment of whether any of the landings of aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air were necessitated by an emer-gency situation; (C) a determination regarding whether ad-ditional security measures should be im-posed on flights to the United States that originate from that airport; and (D) an explanation of the rationale for that determination. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) P
UBLICATION OF LIST.—The list required by subsection (a)(1) shall be publicly and prominently posted on the website of the De-partment of Homeland Security on the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted to Congress. 
SA 523. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing sta-tus). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relat-ing to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint re-turn where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) Q
UALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Pe-ninsula of Egypt, if as of the date of the en-actment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is enti-tled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger) for services performed in such loca-tion. Such term includes such location only during the period such entitlement is in ef-fect. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 524. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. UPGRADE OF M113 VEHICLES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 may be obligated or expended to upgrade Army M113 vehicles until the Secretary of the Army submits to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the strategy of the Army for the upgrade of such vehicles. The report shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A detailed strategy for upgrading and fielding M113 vehicles. (2) An analysis of the manner in which the Army plans to address M113 vehicle surviv-ability and maneuverability concerns. (3) An analysis of the historical costs asso-ciated with upgrading M113 vehicles, and a validation of current cost estimates for up-grading such vehicles. (4) A comparison of total procurement and life cycle costs of adding an echelon above brigade (EAB) requirement to the Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV) with total procurement and life cycle costs of upgrad-ing legacy M113 vehicles. (5) An analysis of the possibility of further accelerating Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle production or modifying the current fielding strategy for the Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle to meet near-term echelon above brigade re-quirements. 
SA 525. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL CYBERSECU-RITY COOPERATION. 
(a) G RANT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in ac-cordance with the agreement entitled the ‘‘Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of the State of Israel on Cooperation in Science and Technology for Homeland Secu-rity Matters’’, done at Jerusalem May 29, 2008 (or successor agreement), and the re-quirements specified in paragraph (2), shall establish a grant program at the Department to support— (A) cybersecurity research and develop-ment; and (B) demonstration and commercialization of cybersecurity technology. (2) REQUIREMENTS .— (A) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in carrying out a re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application program or activity that is authorized under this section, the Sec-retary shall require cost sharing in accord-ance with this paragraph. (B) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Secretary shall require not less than 50 percent of the cost of a research, development, demonstration, or commercial application program or activity described in subparagraph (A) to be provided by a non- Federal source. (ii) R
EDUCTION .—The Secretary may reduce or eliminate, on a case-by-case basis, the percentage requirement specified in clause (i) if the Secretary determines that such re-duction or elimination is necessary and ap-propriate. (C) M
ERIT REVIEW .—In carrying out a re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application program or activity that is authorized under this section, awards shall be made only after an impartial review of the scientific and technical merit of the pro-posals for such awards has been carried out by or for the Department. (D) R
EVIEW PROCESSES .—In carrying out a review under subparagraph (C), the Sec-retary may use merit review processes devel-oped under section 302(14) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 182(14)). (3) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .—An applicant shall be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the project of such applicant— (A) addresses a requirement in the area of cybersecurity research or cybersecurity technology, as determined by the Secretary; and (B) is a joint venture between— (i)(I) a for-profit business entity, academic institution, National Laboratory (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), or nonprofit entity in the United States; and (II) a for-profit business entity, academic institution, or nonprofit entity in Israel; or (ii)(I) the Federal Government; and (II) the Government of Israel. (4) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, an applicant shall submit to the Secretary an application for such grant in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary, in consultation with the advisory board established under paragraph (5). (5) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an advisory board to— (i) monitor the method by which grants are awarded under this subsection; and (ii) provide to the Secretary periodic per-formance reviews of actions taken to carry out this subsection. (B) C
OMPOSITION .—The advisory board es-tablished under subparagraph (A) shall be composed of three members, to be appointed by the Secretary, of whom— (i) one shall be a representative of the Fed-eral Government; (ii) one shall be selected from a list of nominees provided by the United States- Israel Binational Science Foundation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.119 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4527 July 27, 2017 
(iii) one shall be selected from a list of nominees provided by the Israel-United States Binational Industrial Research and Development Foundation. (6) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may accept or retain funds contributed by any person, government entity, or organiza-tion for purposes of carrying out this sub-section. Such funds shall be available, sub-ject to appropriation, without fiscal year limitation. (7) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of completion of a project for which a grant is provided under this subsection, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report that contains— (A) a description of how the grant funds were used by the recipient; and (B) an evaluation of the level of success of each project funded by the grant. (8) C
LASSIFICATION .—Grants shall be award-ed under this subsection only for projects that are considered to be unclassified by both the United States and Israel. (b) T
ERMINATION .—The grant program and the advisory board established under this section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appropriated. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘cybersecurity research’’ means research, including social science re-search, into ways to identify, protect against, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats; (2) the term ‘‘cybersecurity technology’’ means technology intended to identify, pro-tect against, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats; (3) the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501); (4) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (5) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
SA 526. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. W AR-
REN, and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MAKING PERMANENT EXTENDED PE-RIOD OF PROTECTIONS FOR MEM-BERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES RE-LATING TO MORTGAGES, MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE, AND EVICTION. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 50 U.S.C. 3953 note) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (3). 
SA 527. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PLAN ON IMPROVEMENT OF ABILITY OF FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS PAR-TICIPATING IN UNITED STATES IN-STITUTIONAL CAPACITY BUILDING PROGRAMS TO PROTECT CIVILIANS. 
(a) R EPORT ON PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth a plan, to be implemented as part of each institutional capacity building program required by section 333(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code, to improve the abil-ity of foreign governments to protect civil-ians. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Efforts to develop and integrate civilian harm mitigation principles and techniques in all relevant partner force standard oper-ating procedures. (2) Efforts to build partner capacity to col-lect, track, and analyze civilian casualty data and apply lessons learned to future op-erations, and to provide amends to civilians harmed by partner force operations. (3) Efforts to support enhanced investiga-tory and accountability standards in partner forces to ensure compliance with the laws of armed conflict and appropriate human rights and civilian protection standards. (4) Support for increased partner trans-parency, including support for the establish-ment of civil affairs units within partner militaries to improve communication with the public. (5) An estimate of the resources required to implement the efforts and support described in paragraphs (1) through (4). (6) A description of the appropriate roles of the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of State in such efforts and support. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 528. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 603, after line 25, add the fol-lowing: (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  S
TATES REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than May 1, 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that sets forth the fol-lowing: (A) A description of the mechanisms and authorities used by the Department of De-fense and the Department of State to con-duct training of foreign security forces on human rights and international humani-tarian law. (B) A description of the funding used to support the training described in paragraph (1). (C) A description and assessment of the methodology used by each of the Department of Defense and the Department of State to assess the effectiveness of such training. (D) Such recommendations for improve-ments to such training as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (E) Such other matters relating to such training as the Comptroller General con-siders appropriate. (2) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 529. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. HUMAN RIGHTS VETTING OF AFGHAN NATIONAL DEFENSE AND SECURITY FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense may establish within the Department of Defense one or more permanent positions to oversee and support, in coordination with the Depart-ment of State, the implementation of sec-tion 362 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces. 
SA 530. Mrs. McCASKILL (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 447, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: (k) C
ONTINGENT EFFECTIVENESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section shall not go into effect unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives each of the following: (A) That a cost-benefit analysis, included with the certifications, demonstrates the transfer of functions of background inves-tigations to Department of Defense will not increase costs to the Department or other agencies. (B) That the backlog of background inves-tigations at the National Background Inves-tigations Bureau have been eliminated. (C) That the background investigation pro-gram of the Department of Defense adheres to investigative standards established by the Security Executive Agent, the Suitability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.057 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4528 July 27, 2017 
Executive Agent, and the Credentialing Ex-ecutive Agent. (D) That common components of tech-nology systems between the Defense Secu-rity Service and National Background Inves-tigations Bureau have been tested and are operational. (E) That the background investigation pro-gram of the Department will adhere to reci-procity, timeliness, and quality standards and metrics established by law and by the Security Executive Agent, the Suitability Executive Agent, and the Credentialing Ex-ecutive Agent. (2) W
ORKFORCE ANALYSIS .—The Secretary shall include with the certifications de-scribed in paragraph (1) a workforce analysis of the appropriate mix of contractor and Federal employees to conduct the back-ground investigation work for the Depart-ment. 
SA 531. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. LETHALITY AND RESILIENCY OF THE FUTURE GUIDED MISSILE FRIGATE (FFG(X)). 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Navy should evaluate all United States and Allied naval gun, missile, and warfare system solutions capable of being in-tegrated on the Future Guided Missile Frig-ate (FFG(X)); and (2) should not limit or designate the inte-gration of a specific naval gun or warfare system on the FFG(X) at any time during the development and acquisition process of the FFG(X) program, beginning with the market assessment period, in order to ensure a transparent, open, and comprehensive eval-uation of future required combat lethality and self-defense resiliency capabilities. 
SA 532. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 37, insert the following after line 13: ‘‘(5) A
DJUSTMENTS TO STATE EXPENDITURES  
TARGETS TO PROMOTE PROGRAM EQUITY ACROSS  
STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with fiscal year 2020, the target per capita medical as-sistance expenditures for a 1903A enrollee category, State, and fiscal year, as deter-mined under paragraph (2), shall be adjusted (subject to subparagraph (C)(i)) in accord-ance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT BASED ON LEVEL OF PER  
CAPITA SPENDING FOR 1903A ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORIES .—Subject to subparagraph (C), with respect to a State, fiscal year, and 1903A en-rollee category, if the State’s per capita cat-egorical medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subparagraph (D)) for the State and category in the preceding fiscal year— ‘‘(i) exceed the mean per capita categorical medical assistance expenditures for the cat-egory for all States for such preceding year by not less than 25 percent, the State’s tar-get per capita medical assistance expendi-tures for such category for the fiscal year in-volved shall be reduced by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 3 percent; or ‘‘(ii) are less than the mean per capita cat-egorical medical assistance expenditures for the category for all States for such preceding year by not less than 25 percent, the State’s target per capita medical assistance expendi-tures for such category for the fiscal year in-volved shall be increased by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 3 percent. ‘‘(C) RULES OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(i) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY REQUIREMENT .—In determining the appropriate percentages by which to adjust States’ target per capita medical assistance expenditures for a cat-egory and fiscal year under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make such adjustments in a manner that does not result in a net in-crease in Federal payments under this sec-tion for such fiscal year, and if the Secretary cannot adjust such expenditures in such a manner there shall be no adjustment under this paragraph for such fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) A
SSUMPTION REGARDING STATE EXPEND -
ITURES .—For purposes of clause (i), in the case of a State that has its target per capita medical assistance expenditures for a 1903A enrollee category and fiscal year increased under this paragraph, the Secretary shall as-sume that the categorical medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) for such State, category, and fiscal year will equal such increased target med-ical assistance expenditures. ‘‘(iii) N
ONAPPLICATION TO LOW -DENSITY  
STATES .—This paragraph shall not apply to any State that has a population density of less than 15 individuals per square mile, based on the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(iv) D
ISREGARD OF ADJUSTMENT .—Any ad- justment under this paragraph to target medical assistance expenditures for a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fiscal year shall be disregarded when determining the target medical assistance expenditures for such State and category for a succeeding year under paragraph (2). ‘‘(v) A
PPLICATION FOR FISCAL YEARS 2020 AND  
2021.—In fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the Sec-retary shall apply this paragraph by deeming all categories of 1903A enrollees to be a sin-gle category. ‘‘(D) P
ER CAPITA CATEGORICAL MEDICAL AS -
SISTANCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term ‘per capita categorical medical assist-ance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fiscal year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) the categorical medical expenditures (as defined in clause (ii)) for the State, cat-egory, and year; divided by ‘‘(II) the number of 1903A enrollees for the State, category, and year. ‘‘(ii) C
ATEGORICAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EX -
PENDITURES .—The term ‘categorical medical assistance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fis-cal year, an amount equal to the total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State and fiscal year that are attributable to 1903A enrollees in the category, excluding any excluded ex-penditures (as defined in paragraph (3)) for the State and fiscal year that are attrib-utable to 1903A enrollees in the category. 
SA 533. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 710. ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN HEALTH CARE BENEFITS OF MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE ORDERED TO ACTIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MISSIONS IN SUPPORT OF THE COM-BATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) P RE-MOBILIZATION HEALTH CARE.—Sec- tion 1074(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a con-tingency operation under’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or’’. (b) T
RANSITIONAL HEALTH CARE.—Section 1145(a)(2)(B) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a contingency oper-ation’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of this title’’. 
SA 534. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. C
ORNYN , and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 639. REDUCED AGE FOR ELIGIBILITY FOR RETIRED PAY FOR NON-REGULAR SERVICE FOR SERVICE ON ACTIVE DUTY OF MEMBERS OF THE SE-LECTED RESERVE ORDERED TO AC-TIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MIS-SIONS IN SUPPORT OF THE COMBAT-ANT COMMANDS. 
Section 12731(f)(2)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) or under section 12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12301(d) or 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B)’’. 
SA 535. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 498, beginning on line 1, strike ‘‘12.6 percent’’ and insert ‘‘10 percent’’. 
SA 536. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.118 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4529 July 27, 2017 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO DISESTABLISH SENIOR RESERVE OF-FICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PRO-GRAMS. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’ and dated January 27, 2014, or any successor informa-tion paper or policy of the Department of the Army. 
SA 537. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON ILLICIT ACTIVITIES OF CERTAIN IRANIAN PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 60 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes the following: (1) A list of each person listed, or required to be listed, in Attachment 3 to Annex II of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action that has, on or after the date of the implementa-tion of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion and before the date of the report, know-ingly facilitated, participated or assisted in, engaged in, directed, or provided material support for activities described in subsection (b). (2) A description of the activity described in subsection (b) engaged in by each person on the list required by paragraph (1). (3) An assessment of the extent to which the activity described in subsection (b) en-gaged in by each person on the list required by paragraph (1) involves the provision or de-livery of financial, material, or techno-logical support to— (A) the Government of Iran; (B) Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps; (C) any person with respect to which sanc-tions have been imposed under any provision of law imposing sanctions with respect to Iran; or (D) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, is con-trolled by, or is under common control with, an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C). (b) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—An activity de-scribed in this subsection is any of the fol-lowing: (1) An act of international terrorism. (2) The proliferation of nuclear or ballistic missile technology or spare parts. (3) Illicit arms sales. (4) Significant activities undermining cy-bersecurity. (5) Violations of export controls. (6) Financial crimes. (7) Transnational organized crime, includ-ing drug and human trafficking. (c) DETERMINATION AND PUBLIC AVAIL-
ABILITY .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the list required by subsection (a)(1) shall be made available to the public and posted on a publicly available Internet website of the Department of Defense, the Department of State, the Department of the Treasury, or the Department of Commerce. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
CT OF INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘act of international terrorism’’ in-cludes— (A) an act of torture, extrajudicial killing, aircraft sabotage, or hostage taking, as those terms are defined in section 1605A(h) of title 28, United States Code; and (B) providing material support or re-sources, as defined in section 2339A of title 18, United States Code, for an act described in subparagraph (A). (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (3) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (4) J
OINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION .— The term ‘‘Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, agreed to at Vienna on July 14, 2015, by Iran and by the People’s Republic of China, France, Germany, the Russian Fed-eration, the United Kingdom, and the United States, with the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Se-curity Policy, and all implementing mate-rials and agreements related to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. (5) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (6) S
IGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING CY -
BERSECURITY .—The term ‘‘significant activi-ties undermining cybersecurity’’ includes— (A) significant efforts to— (i) deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or destroy an information and communications technology system or network; or (ii) exfiltrate information from such a sys-tem or network without authorization; (B) significant destructive malware at-tacks; (C) significant denial or service activities; and (D) such other significant activities under-mining cybersecurity as may be specified in regulations prescribed to implement this section. 
SA 538. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1270E. REPORT ON DESIGNATION OF GOV-ERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA AS A STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States Government des-ignated the Government of North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism on January 20, 1988. (2) On October 11, 2008, North Korea’s des-ignation as a state sponsor of terrorism was rescinded, following commitments by the Government of North Korea to dismantle its nuclear weapons program. However, North Korea has failed to live up to these commit-ments. (3) On October 22, 2015, the U.S. Special Representative for North Korea Policy with the Department of State testified before the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade that North Korea’s ‘‘conduct poses a growing threat to the United States, our friends in the region, and the global nonproliferation regime’’ and the Deputy Coordinator for Homeland Security, Screening, and Designa-tions with the Department of State noted that ‘‘weapons transfers that violate non-proliferation or missile control regimes could be a relevant factor for consideration, depending on the circumstances, consistent with the statutory criteria for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism’’. (4) The Government of North Korea has harbored members of the Japanese Red Army since a 1970 hijacking and continues to har-bor the surviving hijackers to this day. (5) On July 16, 2010, in the case of Calderon- Cardona v. Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (case number 08–01367), the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico found that the Government of North Korea provided material support to the Japanese Red Army, designated as a for-eign terrorist organization between 1997 and 2001, in furtherance of a 1972 terrorist attack at Lod Airport, Israel that killed 26 people, including 17 Americans. (6) In the case of Chaim Kaplan v. Hezbollah (case number 09–646), a United States district court found in 2014 that North Korea materi-ally supported terrorist attacks by Hezbollah, a designated foreign terrorist or-ganization, against Israel in 2006. (7) In June 2010, Major Kim Myong-ho and Major Dong Myong-gwan of North Korea’s Reconnaissance General Bureau pled guilty in a South Korean court to attempting to as-sassinate Hwang Jang-yop, a North Korean dissident in exile, on the orders of Lieuten-ant General Kim Yong-chol, the head of North Korea’s Reconnaissance General Bu-reau. The court sentenced each defendant to 10 years in prison. (8) In March 2015, the South Korean gov-ernment concluded that North Korea was re-sponsible for a December 2014 cyber attack against multiple nuclear power plants in South Korea. The South Korean government stated that the attacks were intended to cause a malfunction at the plants’ reactors, and described the attacks as acts of ‘‘cyber- terror targeting our country’’. (9) On December 19, 2015, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation (FBI) concluded that North Korea was responsible for a cyber at-tack on Sony Pictures Entertainment and a subsequent threat of violence against thea-ters that showed the film ‘‘The Interview’’. The FBI concluded that the ‘‘Guardians of Peace,’’ which sent the threat to Sony Pic-tures, was a unit of North Korea’s Recon-naissance General Bureau, its foreign intel-ligence service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.120 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4530 July 27, 2017 
(10) South Korean and Malaysian authori-ties have alleged that officials from North Korea’s secret police and Foreign Ministry were involved in the poisoning and killing of the estranged half-brother of the country’s leader, Kim Jong-nam, using the chemical weapon VX nerve agent, a substance banned for use as a weapon by the United Nations Chemical Weapons Convention, on February 13, 2017, in Kuala Lumpur. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Government of North Korea should be designated as a state spon-sor of terrorism. (c) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a de-termination as to whether North Korea meets the criteria for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. (d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex, if appropriate. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ means an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (3) N
ORTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘North Korea’’ means the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea. (4) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pur-suant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act), section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. 
SA 539. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON OBSERVATION FLIGHTS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION OVER THE UNITED STATES UNDER THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be used to aid, support, or permit in any manner obser-vation flights of the Russian Federation over the United States under the Open Skies Treaty until the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to Congress each of the following: (1) That the Russian Federation has re-moved all restrictions regarding access to observation flights of the United States and other covered state parties over the entirety of Russia in a manner that permits full im-plementation of the observation rights pro-vided to the United States and covered state parties under the Open Skies Treaty. (2) That the Russian Federation provides the same Air Traffic Control prioritization to observation aircraft from the United States and covered state parties that it re-ceives from other participants under the Open Skies Treaty. (3) That no upgraded sensors will be em-ployed in observation flights of the Russian Federation or Belarus over the United States under the Open Skies Treaty unless the Rus-sian Federation has agreed to the employ-ment of advanced sensors, consistent with the Open Skies Treaty, on United States ob-servation aircraft, and the United States has deployed such sensors, for observation flights over Russia under the Open Skies Treaty. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED STATE PARTY .—The term ‘‘cov-ered state party’’ means a foreign country that— (A) is a state party to the Open Skies Trea-ty; and (B) is a United States ally. (2) O
BSERVATION AIRCRAFT , OBSERVATION  
FLIGHT , AND SENSOR .—The terms ‘‘observa-tion aircraft’’, ‘‘observation flight’’, and ‘‘sensor’’ have the meanings given such terms in Article II of the Open Skies Treaty. (3) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SA 540. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR LIU XIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 201 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151), Liu Xia shall be eligible for issuance of an immigrant visa or for adjustment of sta-tus to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence upon filing an applica-tion for issuance of an immigrant visa under section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) or for adjustment of status to lawful permanent resident. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—If Liu Xia en-ters the United States before the filing dead-line specified in subsection (c), Liu Xia shall be considered to have entered and remained lawfully in the United States and shall be el-igible for adjustment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (c) A
PPLICATION AND PAYMENT OF FEES.— Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply only if the application for the issuance of an immigrant visa or the application for adjustment of sta-tus is filed with appropriate fees not later than the later of— (1) 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2) 2 years after the date on which Liu Xia is released from incarceration or travel re-striction imposed by the People’s Republic of China. (d) R
EDUCTION OF IMMIGRANT VISANUM-
BERS .—Upon the granting of an immigrant visa or permanent residence to Liu Xia, the Secretary of State shall instruct the proper officer to reduce by 1, during the current or next following fiscal year— (1) the total number of immigrant visas that are made available to natives of the country of birth of Liu Xia under section 203(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)); or (2) if applicable, the total number of immi-grant visas that are made available to na-tives of the country of birth of Liu Xia under section 202(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(e)). SA 541. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INCLUSION OF FEDERAL SUBSIDIES IN CALCULATION OF FULLY BURDENED COST OF DROP-IN FUELS. 
Section 2922h(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including any financial contributions from a Federal agency other than the Department of De-fense, including the Commodity Credit Cor-poration under the Department of Agri-culture, for the purpose of reducing the total price of the fuel,’’ after ‘‘commodity price of the fuel’’. 
SA 542. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE ENHANCED MULTI MISSION PARACHUTE SYSTEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 for the Enhanced Multi Mission Parachute System may be used to enter into or prepare to enter into a contract for the procurement of the En-hanced Multi Mission Parachute System un-less the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense committees the certification described in subsection (b) and the report described in subsection (c). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification re-ferred to in subsection (a) is a certification by the Secretary of the Navy that— (1) neither the Marine Corps’ currently field enhanced multi mission parachute sys-tem nor the Army’s RA–1 parachute system meet the Marine Corps requirements; (2) that the Marine Corps’ PARIS, Special Application Parachute does not meet the Marine Corps requirement; (3) the testing plan for the enhanced multi mission parachute system meets all regu-latory requirements; and (4) the Department of the Navy has per-formed the analysis and determined that a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.120 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4531 July 27, 2017 
high glide canopy is not more prone to mal-functions than the currently fielded free fall parachute systems. (c) R
EPORT .—The report referred to in sub-section (a) is a report that includes— (1) an explanation of the rationale for using the Parachute Industry Association specification normally used for sports para-chutes that are employed from relatively slow flying civilian aircraft at altitudes below 10,000 feet for a military parachute; (2) an inventory and cost estimate for any new equipment and training that the Marine Corps will have to be acquire in order to em-ploy a high glide parachute; (3) an explanation of why the Department of the Navy is conducting a paper down se-lect and not conducting any testing until first article testing; and (4) a discussion of the risk assessment for high glide canopies, and specifically how the Department of the Navy is mitigating the risk for malfunctions experienced in other high glide canopy programs. 
SA 543. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 27, strike lines 17 through 18 and insert the following: ‘‘(ii) participates in education directly re-lated to employment; or ‘‘(E) an individual eligible to receive health services from the Indian Health Serv-ice or from an Indian Tribe, a Tribal Organi-zation, or an Urban Indian Organization. 
SA 544. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR NOTI-FICATION ON THE PROVISION OF DEFENSE SENSITIVE SUPPORT. 
Section 1055 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is hereby re-pealed. 
SA 545. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2814. 
SA 546. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. C OONS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. WARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR COST-SHARING PAY-MENTS. 
There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions au-thorized by the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (including adjustments to any prior obligations for such payments) for the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 547. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. C OONS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR COST-SHARING PAY-MENTS. 
There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions au-thorized by the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (including adjustments to any prior obligations for such payments) for the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 548. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. C OONS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 204 and 205 and insert the following: 
SEC. 204. ENHANCEMENTS FOR REDUCED COST SHARING. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF AMOUNT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1402(c)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REDUCTION .—The Sec-retary shall establish procedures under which the issuer of a qualified health plan to which this section applies shall further re-duce cost-sharing under the plan in a manner sufficient to— ‘‘(A) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is not less than 100 percent but not more than 200 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan to 95 percent of such costs; ‘‘(B) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is more than 200 percent but not more than 300 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan to 90 percent of such costs; and ‘‘(C) in the case of an eligible insured whose household income is more than 300 percent but not more than 400 percent of the poverty line for a family of the size involved, increase the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of bene- fits provided under the plan to 85 percent of such costs.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Clause (i) of section 1402(c)(1)(B) of such Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure the reduction under this paragraph shall not result in an increase in the plan’s share of the total allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan above— ‘‘(I) 95 percent in the case of an eligible in-sured described in paragraph (2)(A); ‘‘(II) 90 percent in the case of an eligible in-sured described in paragraph (2)(B); and ‘‘(III) 85 percent in the case of an eligible insured described in paragraph (2)(C).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary for payments under this section.’’. (c) R
EINSTATEMENT OF PREMIUM TAXCRED-
IT.—The amendments made by section 102 shall be null and void. 
SA 549. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INCREASE IN CHIP ELIGIBILITY AGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2110(c)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397jj(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘19’’ and inserting ‘‘26’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2112(b)(1)(B) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ll(b)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘19 years of age under this title (or title XIX)’’ and inserting ‘‘26 years of age under this title (or, in the case of title XIX, under 19 years of age or such higher age as the State has elected for purposes of the eligibility of a child under the State plan under that title or under a waiver of that plan)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to eligi-bility determinations made after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this section. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR STATE LEGISLATION .—In the case of a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act that the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines re-quires State legislation in order for the re-spective plan to meet any requirement im-posed by amendments made by this section, the respective plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.121 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4532 July 27, 2017 
such title solely on the basis of its failure to meet such an additional requirement before the first day of the first calendar quarter be-ginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session shall be con-sidered to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. 
SA 550. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT HEALTH CARE IS A RIGHT. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should join every other major country on Earth and guarantee health care to all as a right, not a privilege; and (2) it is time to end the absurdity that the United States spends far more per capita on health care and pays the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. 
SA 551. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 202 and insert the following: 
SEC. 202. SUPPORT FOR STATE AND INDIAN HEALTH PROGRAM RESPONSE TO SUBSTANCE ABUSE PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS AND URGENT MENTAL HEALTH NEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, $750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) to award grants to States and Indian health programs to ad-dress the substance abuse public health cri-sis or to respond to urgent mental health needs within the State or community served by the Indian health program. In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary may give preference to States, and Indian health programs that serve Indian tribes, with an incidence or prevalence of substance use dis-orders that is substantial relative to other States or to States and Indian health pro-grams that identify mental health needs within their communities that are urgent relative to such needs of other States. Funds appropriated under this subsection shall re-main available until expended. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded to a State or Indian health program under sub-section (a) shall be used for one or more of the following public health-related activi-ties: (1) Improving State prescription drug mon-itoring programs. (2) Implementing prevention activities, and evaluating such activities to identify ef-fective strategies to prevent substance abuse. (3) Training for health care practitioners, such as best practices for prescribing opioids, pain management, recognizing potential cases of substance abuse, referral of patients to treatment programs, and overdose preven-tion. (4) Supporting access to health care serv-ices provided by Federally certified opioid treatment programs or other appropriate health care providers to treat substance use disorders or mental health needs. (5) Other public health-related activities, as the State or Indian health program deter-mines appropriate, related to addressing the substance abuse public health crisis or re-sponding to urgent mental health needs within the State or community served by the Indian health program. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘Indian health program’’ and ‘‘Indian tribe’’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act (25 U.S.C. 1603). 
SA 552. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1049. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR RE-CIPIENTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 165 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2777 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2778. Disclosure requirements for recipi-ents of Department of Defense funds ‘‘An individual or entity (including a State or local government and a recipient of a De-partment of Defense research grant) carrying out a program, project, or activity that is, in whole or in part, carried out using funds pro-vided by the Department of Defense shall clearly state in any statement, press release, requests for proposal, bid solicitation, or other document describing the program, project, or activity— ‘‘(1) the percentage of the total costs of the program, project, or activity which will be financed with funds provided by the Depart-ment; ‘‘(2) the dollar amount of the funds pro-vided by the Department that were made available for the program, project, or activ-ity; and ‘‘(3) the percentage of the total costs of, and dollar amount for, the program, project, or activity that will be financed by non-governmental sources.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 165 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2777 the following new item: ‘‘2778. Disclosure requirements for recipients of Department of Defense funds.’’. 
SA 553. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: SEC. lll8. INVESTMENT OF ASSETS OF JAMES MADISON MEMORIAL FELLOWSHIP TRUST FUND. 
Subsection (b) of section 811 of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Act (20 U.S.C. 4510) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to invest in full the amounts appropriated to the fund. ‘‘(2) Subject to paragraph (3), investments of amounts appropriated to the fund shall be made in public debt securities of the United States with maturities suitable to the fund. For such purpose, such obligations may be acquired (A) on original issue at the issue price, or (B) by purchase of outstanding obli-gations at the market price. The purposes for which obligations of the United States may be issued under chapter 31 of title 31, United States Code, are hereby extended to authorize the issuance at par of special obli-gations exclusively to the fund. Such special obligations shall bear interest at a rate equal to the average rate of interest, com-puted as to the end of the calendar month next preceding the date of such issue, borne by all marketable interest-bearing obliga-tions of the United States then forming a part of the public debt, except that where such average rate is not a multiple of 
1⁄8of 1 percent, the rate of interest of such special obligations shall be the multiple of 
1⁄8of 1 percent next lower than such average rate. Such special obligations shall be issued only if the Secretary determines that the pur-chases of other interest-bearing obligations of the United States, or of obligations guar-anteed as to both principal and interest by the United States or original issue or at the market price, is not in the public interest. ‘‘(3)(A) Notwithstanding paragraph (2), upon receiving a determination of the Board described in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall invest up to 40 percent of the fund’s as-sets in securities other than public debt se-curities of the United States, provided that the securities are traded in established United States markets. ‘‘(B) A determination described in this sub-paragraph is a determination by the Board that investments as described in subpara-graph (A) are necessary to enable the Foun-dation to carry out the purposes of this title without any diminution of the number of fel-lowships provided under section 804. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the authority of the Board to increase the number of fellowships provided under section 804, or to increase the amount of the fellowship authorized by sec-tion 809, as the Board considers appropriate and is otherwise consistent with the require-ments of this title.’’. 
SA 554. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 513. REPORT ON COORDINATION BETWEEN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ON TIMING OF CESSATION OF VET-ERANS BENEFITS FOR MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS WHOSE ACTIVE DUTY INTERRUPTS RECEIPT OF BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.122 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4533 July 27, 2017 
the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Congress a report setting forth a description of a mechanism through which the Depart-ment of Defense may provide timely notice to the Department of Veterans Affairs of the commencement and period of active duty of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) in order to ensure the following: (1) That such members, while on active duty in the Armed Forces, do not receive veterans’ benefits which they are not eligible to receive while on active duty. (2) That such members recommence receipt of such benefits as soon as practicable after cessation of active duty. (b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—The members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces described in this subsection are members who, while on active duty in the Armed Forces, are not eligible to receive veterans’ benefits to which such members are other-wise entitled during other periods. (c) V
ETERANS ’ BENEFITS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veterans’ benefits’’ means benefits for veterans under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 555. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. INVESTMENT OF ASSETS OF BARRY GOLDWATER SCHOLARSHIP AND EX-CELLENCE IN EDUCATION FUND. 
Subsection (b) of section 1408 of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Act (20 U.S.C. 4707) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NVESTMENT OF FUND ASSETS .—(1) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to invest in full the amounts ap-propriated to the fund. ‘‘(2) Subject to paragraph (3), investments of amounts appropriated to the fund shall be made in public debt securities of the United States with maturities suitable to the fund. For such purpose, such obligations may be acquired (A) on original issue at the issue price, or (B) by purchase of outstanding obli-gations at the market price. The purposes for which obligations of the United States may be issued under chapter 31 of title 31, United States Code, are hereby extended to authorize the issuance at par of special obli-gations exclusively to the fund. Such special obligations shall bear interest at a rate equal to the average rate of interest, com-puted as to the end of the calendar month next preceding the date of such issue, borne by all marketable interest-bearing obliga-tions of the United States then forming a part of the public debt, except that where such average rate is not a multiple of 
1⁄8of 1 percent, the rate of interest of such special obligations shall be the multiple of 
1⁄8of 1 percent next lower than such average rate. Such special obligations shall be issued only if the Secretary determines that the pur-chases of other interest-bearing obligations of the United States, or of obligations guar-anteed as to both principal and interest by the United States or original issue or at the market price, is not in the public interest. ‘‘(3)(A) Notwithstanding paragraph (2), upon receiving a determination of the Board described in subparagraph (B), the Secretary may invest up to 40 percent of the fund’s as-sets in securities other than public debt se-curities of the United States, provided that the securities are traded in established United States markets. ‘‘(B) A determination described in this sub-paragraph is a determination by the Board that investments as described in subpara-graph (A) are necessary to enable the Foun-dation to carry out the purposes of this title without any diminution of the number of scholarships provided under section 1405, or of the stipend authorized by section 1406. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the authority of the Board to increase the number of scholarships provided under section 1405, or to increase the amount of the stipend authorized by sec-tion 1406, as the Board considers appropriate and is otherwise consistent with the require-ments of this title.’’. SA 556. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INVESTIGATION OF MEDICAL CEN-TERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may contract with a nonprofit organization that accredits health care orga-nizations and programs in the United States to investigate a medical center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to assess and report deficiencies of the facilities at such medical center. (b) A
UTHORITY OF DIRECTORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to coordination under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall dele-gate the authority under subsection (a) to contract for an investigation at a medical center of the Department to the Director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network in which the medical center is located or the director of such medical center. (2) C
OORDINATION .—Before entering into a contract under paragraph (1), the Director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network or the director of a medical center, as the case may be, shall notify the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Comptroller General of the United States for purposes of coordinating any investigation conducted pursuant to such contract with any other investigations that may be ongo-ing. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to prevent the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs from conducting any review, audit, evaluation, or inspection regarding a topic for which an investigation is conducted under this section; or (2) to modify the requirement that employ-ees of the Department assist with any re-view, audit, evaluation, or inspection con-ducted by the Office of the Inspector General of the Department. 
SA 557. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. llll. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO IRAN RELATING TO SIG-NIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDER-MINING UNITED STATES CYBERSE-CURITY. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION .—The President shall initiate an investigation into the possible designation of an Iranian person under sub-section (b) upon receipt by the President of credible information indicating that the per-son has engaged in conduct described in sub-section (b). (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The President shall des-ignate under this subsection any Iranian per-son that the President determines has know-ingly— (1) engaged in significant activities under-mining United States cybersecurity con-ducted by the Government of Iran; or (2) acted for or on behalf of the Govern-ment of Iran in connection with such activi-ties. (c) S
ANCTIONS .—The President shall block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any Iranian per-son designated under subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (d) S
USPENSION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may sus-pend the application of sanctions under sub-section (c) with respect to an Iranian person only if the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees in writing a certification described in paragraph (2) and a detailed justification for the certification. (2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A certification described in this paragraph with respect to an Iranian person is a certification by the President that— (i) the person has not, during the 12-month period immediately preceding the date of the certification, knowingly engaged in activi-ties that would qualify the person for des-ignation under subsection (b); and (ii) the person is not expected to resume any such activities. (B) F
ORM OF CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation described in subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may in-clude a classified annex. (e) R
EIMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—If sanc- tions are suspended with respect to an Ira-nian person under subsection (d), such sanc-tions shall be reinstated if the President de-termines that the person has resumed the ac-tivity that resulted in the initial imposition of sanctions or has engaged in any other ac-tivity subject to sanctions relating to the in-volvement of the person in significant activi-ties undermining United States cybersecu-rity on behalf of the Government of Iran. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.), or any other provision of law. (g) R
EPORT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.071 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4534 July 27, 2017 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes signifi-cant activities undermining United States cybersecurity conducted by the Government of Iran, a person owned or controlled, di-rectly or indirectly, by that Government, or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the extent to which a foreign government has provided material support to the Government of Iran, to any person owned or controlled, directly or indi-rectly, by that Government, or to any person acting for or on behalf of that Government, in connection with the conduct of significant activities undermining United States cyber-security. (B) A strategy to counter efforts by Iran to conduct significant activities undermining United States cybersecurity that includes a description of efforts to engage foreign gov-ernments in preventing the Government of Iran, persons owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Government, and persons acting for or on behalf of that Government from conducting significant activities under-mining United States cybersecurity. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in an un-classified form but may include a classified annex. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (2) C
YBERSECURITY .—The term ‘‘cybersecu-rity’’ means the activity or process, ability or capability, or state whereby information and communications systems and the infor-mation contained therein are protected from or defended against damage, unauthorized use or modification, or exploitation. (3) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of Iran; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Government of Iran. (4) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (5) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SA 558. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: SEC. ll. REPORT ON THE CAPABILITIES AND ACTIVITIES OF THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA AND OTHER VIO-LENT EXTREMIST GROUPS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth an assessment of the current and future capabilities and activities of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other violent extremist groups in Southeast Asia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (1) The current number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters in Southeast Asia. (2) The estimated number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters expected to return to Southeast Asia from fighting in the Mid-dle East. (3) The current resources available to com-bat the threat of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Southeast Asia, and the addi-tional resources required to combat that threat. (4) A detailed assessment of the capabili-ties of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to operate effectively in countries such as the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia. (5) A description of the capabilities and re-sources of governments of countries in Southeast Asia to counter violent extremist groups. (6) A list of additional United States re-sources and capabilities that the Department of Defense recommends providing govern-ments in Southeast Asia to combat violent extremist groups. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 559. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE CRITICAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES OBTAINED FROM SUP-PLIERS CLOSELY LINKED TO A LEADING CYBER-THREAT ACTOR. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on any critical telecommunications equipment, tech-nologies, or services obtained or used by the Department of Defense or its contractors or subcontrators that is— (1) manufactured by a foreign supplier, or a contractor or subcontractor of such supplier, that is closely linked to a leading cyber- threat actor; or (2) from an entity that incorporates or uti-lizes information technology manufactured by a foreign supplier, or a contractor or sub-contractor of such supplier, that is closely linked to a leading cyber-threat actor. (b) FORM.—The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘leading cyber-threat actor’’ means a country identified as a leading threat actor in cyberspace in the report enti-tled ‘‘Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US Intelligence Community’’, dated May 11, 2017, and includes the People’s Republic of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and the Russian Federation. (2) The term ‘‘closely linked’’, with respect to a foreign supplier, contractor, or subcontrator and a leading cyber-threat actor, means the foreign supplier, con-tractor, or subcontractor— (A) has ties to the military forces of such actor; (B) has ties to the intelligence services of such actor; (C) is the beneficiary of significant low in-terest or no-interest loans, loan forgiveness, or other support of such actor; or (D) is incorporated or headquartered in the territory of such actor. 
SA 560. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON PLANS RELATED TO DI-VESTMENT OR TRANSFER OF C–21 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the elements described in subsection (b). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include the following ele-ments, reported by total cost and cost by fis-cal year, with a detailed description and a justification: (1) Whether the Air Force plans to mod-ernize and recapitalize the operational sup-port airlift fleet, including the C–21 fleet. (2) Whether the Air Force has a C–21 con-solidation plan, and if so, what cost savings the Air Force hopes to achieve, if any. (3) Whether the Air Force has a C–21 di-vestment plan, and if so, what cost savings the Air Force hopes to achieve, if any. (4) How the Air Force plans to continue to meet operational support airlift require-ments, including support of United States Central Command and United States Trans-portation Command Joint Operational Air-lift Center requirements. (5) How the Air Force plans to fully utilize the reserve components to meet operational support and executive airlift requirements, especially given the pilot shortage. (6) How the Air Force incorporates pilot training costs into its budget analysis for the transfer or divestment of reserve compo-nent aircraft and pilots. (7) Whether any analysis has been con-ducted to identify geographical areas that have an underutilized reserve component pilot population. (8) How the Air Force plans to maintain quality of life and predictability for reserve component pilots, including if consideration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:11 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.071 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4535 July 27, 2017 
has been given to the location of commercial airline domiciles in relation to reserve com-ponent basing decisions. 
SA 561. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ROBOTIC SERVICING OF GEO-SYNCHRONOUS SATELLITES DEVEL-OPMENT PROGRAM ACCOUNT-ABILITY MATRICES. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF MATRICES .—Concurrent with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2019, the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Comptroller General of the United States the matrices described in subsection (b) re-lating to the Robotic Servicing of Geo-synchronous Satellites program. (b) M
ATRICES DESCRIBED .—The matrices de-scribed in this subsection are the following: (1) D
EVELOPMENT GOALS .—A matrix that identifies, in six-month increments, key milestones, development events, and specific performance goals for the Robotic Servicing of Geosynchronous Satellites program, which shall be subdivided, at a minimum, ac-cording to the following: (A) Technology readiness levels of major components and key demonstration events. (B) Design maturity. (C) Software maturity. (D) Manufacturing readiness levels for crit-ical manufacturing operations and key dem-onstration events. (E) Manufacturing operations. (F) System verification and key flight test events. (G) Reliability. (2) T
OTAL COST .—A matrix expressing, in six-month increments, the total cost to the Department of Defense and all relevant United States Government agencies cost po-sition for the payload, operations software, payload integration, and launch for the Robotic Servicing of Geosynchronous Sat-ellites program. (3) S
PACECRAFT COTS .—A matrix express-ing, in six-month increments, the total cost for Robotic Servicing of Geosynchronous Satellites program spacecraft and relevant subsystem completion, which shall be phased over the entire development period and sub-divided according to the costs of the fol-lowing: (A) Spacecraft. (B) Payload. (C) Mission systems. (D) Vehicle software. (E) Systems engineering. (F) Program management. (G) System test and evaluation. (H) Support and training systems. (I) Contract fee. (J) Engineering changes. (K) Direct mission support. (L) Launch. (M) Government testing. (c) S
EMIANNUAL UPDATE OF MATRICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Comptroller General of the United States updates to the matrices described in sub-section (b)— (A) not later than 180 days after the date on which the Director submits the matrices required by subsection (a); (B) concurrent with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year thereafter; and (C) not later than 180 days after each such submission. (2) ELEMENTS .—Each update submitted under paragraph (1) shall detail progress made toward the goals identified in the ma-trix described in subsection (b)(1) and pro-vide updated cost estimates. (3) T
REATMENT OF INITIAL MATRICES AS  
BASELINE .—The matrices submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be treated as the base-line for the full research, development, test, and evaluation of the Robotic Servicing of Geosynchronous Satellites program and through its launch and demonstration for purposes of the updates submitted pursuant to paragraph (1). (d) A
SSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL  
OF THE UNITED STATES .—Not later than the date that is 45 days after the date on which the Comptroller General of the United States receives an update to a matrix under sub-section (c)(1), the Comptroller General shall review the sufficiency of the matrix and sub-mit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of the matrix and an identi-fication of cost, schedule, or performance trends in the matrix. (e) S
ECRETARY OF DEFENSE APPROVAL .— Following the demonstration of the Robotic Servicing of Geosynchronous Satellites spacecraft and its transition to a commercial partner of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Secretary of Defense shall approve each commercial operation of the spacecraft after— (1) taking into account— (A) available fuel for possible national se-curity mission requirements; (B) orbitology relative to possible national security mission requirements; and (C) compliance with the Presidential Deci-sion Directive on National Space Policy; and (2) certifying to the congressional defense committees that— (A) any commercial use does not conflict with possible national security require-ments; and (B) the requirements of this subsection have been met. (f) S
ECRETARY OF DEFENSE STUDY .—Concur- rent with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the technology transfer of the robotic payload, operations software, and corresponding systems of the Robotic Serv-icing of Geosynchronous Satellites program to qualified satellite manufacturers and sat-ellite operators to increase the on-orbit highly advanced space robotics capabilities of entities organized under the laws of the United States and available to the Depart-ment of Defense. 
SA 562. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 3201, add the fol-lowing: (b) ANNUAL REPORT ON UNFUNDED PRIOR-
ITIES .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Chairman of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the unfunded priorities of the Board. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON TERMINATION .—No ac- tion may be taken to terminate the Board. 
SA 563. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPENSATION AND CREDIT FOR RE-TIRED PAY PURPOSES FOR MATER-NITY LEAVE TAKEN BY MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Section 206(a) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) for each of 6 days in connection with the taking by the member of a period of ma-ternity leave.’’. (b) C
REDIT FOR RETIRED PAYPURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The period of maternity leave taken by a member of the reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces in connection with the birth of a child shall count toward the member’s entitlement to retired pay, and in connection with the years of service used in computing retired pay, under chapter 1223 of title 10, United States Code, as 12 points. (2) S
EPARATE CREDIT FOR EACH PERIOD OF  
LEAVE .—Separate crediting of points shall accrue to a member pursuant to this sub-section for each period of maternity leave taken by the member in connection with a childbirth event. (3) W
HEN CREDITED .—Points credited a member for a period of maternity leave pur-suant to this subsection shall be credited in the year in which the period of maternity leave concerned commences. (4) C
ONTRIBUTION OF LEAVE TOWARD ENTI -
TLEMENT TO RETIRED PAY .—Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subparagraph (E) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) Points at the rate of 12 a year for the taking of maternity leave.’’. (5) C
OMPUTATION OF YEARS OF SERVICE FOR  
RETIRED PAY .—Section 12733 of such title is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) One day for each point credited to the person under subparagraph (F) of section 12732(a)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of maternity leave that commence on or after that date. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.096 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4536 July 27, 2017 
SA 564. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 447, strike lines 16 through 18 and insert the following: (4) E
XPEDITING SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR  
CERTAIN SMALL BUSINESS EMPLOYEES .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall submit to Congress a plan for a process to expedite the approval of security clearances for employees of small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) par-ticipating in the SBIR or STTR program (as defined in section 9(e) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)). (5) T
ERMINATION .—No briefing or report is required pursuant to paragraph (2) or (3) after December 31, 2020. 
SA 565. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXCLUSION OF INDEPENDENT RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EX-PENSES FROM ANNUAL RECEIPTS. 
Section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) E
XCLUSION OF INDEPENDENT RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES FROM RE -
CEIPTS .—In determining the average annual gross receipts of a small business concern, the Administrator, at the request of the con-cern, may exclude from consideration any expenses or expenditures for independent re-search and development.’’. 
SA 566. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. DISPOSAL OF REAL PROPERTY FOR VETERANS SUPPORT SERVICES. 
Section 550 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, for property transferred under subsection (i) for veterans support services.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) PROPERTY FOR VETERANS SUPPORT  S
ERVICES .— ‘‘(1) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Administrator, in the discretion of the Administrator and under regulations that the Administrator may prescribe, may assign to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for disposal surplus real property, including buildings, fixtures, and equipment situated on the property, that the Secretary recommends as needed for vet-erans support services. ‘‘(2) S
ALE OR LEASE .—Subject to dis-approval by the Administrator by not later than 30 days after notice to the Adminis-trator by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of a proposed transfer, the Secretary may sell or lease property assigned to the Sec-retary under paragraph (1) for use for vet-erans support services. ‘‘(3) F
IXING VALUE .—In fixing the sale or lease value of the property disposed of under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall take into consideration any ben-efit that has accrued or may accrue to the Federal Government from the use of the property by the entity receiving the prop-erty.’’. 
SA 567. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SIZE STANDARDS FOR SMALL BUSI-NESS CONCERNS. 
(a) C ALCULATION ON THE BASIS OF ANNUAL  A
VERAGE GROSS RECEIPTS .—Section 3(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘over a period of not less than 3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘, which shall be cal-culated by using the 3 lowest annual average gross receipts of the business concern during the preceding 5-year period’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration shall promulgate regu-lations as necessary to implement the amendment made by subsection (a). 
SA 568. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS AND MILI-TARY WORKING DOGS. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs, and to military working dogs, under the ju-risdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) MEDAL AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. 
SA 569. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON USE OF SECOND-DES-TINATION TRANSPORTATION TO TRANSPORT FRESH FRUIT AND VEGETABLES TO COMMISSARIES IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—In accordance with the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) and rec-ommendations in the report of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense dated February 28, 2017, regarding Pacific Fresh Fruits and Vegetables (FFV), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) A description of the costs of using sec-ond-destination transportation (SDT) to transport fresh fruit and vegetables to com-missaries in Asia and the Pacific in each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017. (2) Recommendations for innovative, lo-cally-sourced alternatives to use of second- destination transportation in order to supply fresh fruit and vegetables to commissaries in Asia and the Pacific. (b) S
UBMITTAL DATE.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 120 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 570. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. NOTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY CONSUMER. 
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 605 (15 U.S.C. 1681c), by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(i) N
OTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE DUTY M
ILITARY CONSUMER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an item of adverse information about a consumer that arises from the failure of the consumer to make any required payment on a debt or other obligation, if the action or inaction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.096 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4537 July 27, 2017 
that gave rise to the item occurred while the consumer was an active duty military con-sumer— ‘‘(A) the consumer may provide appro-priate proof, including official orders, to a consumer reporting agency that the con-sumer was an active duty military consumer at the time such action or inaction occurred; and ‘‘(B) any consumer report provided by the consumer reporting agency that includes the item shall clearly and conspicuously disclose that the consumer was an active duty mili-tary consumer when the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred. ‘‘(2) M
ODEL FORM .—The Bureau shall pre-pare a model form, which shall be made pub-licly available, including in an electronic format, by which a consumer may— ‘‘(A) notify, and provide appropriate proof to, a consumer reporting agency in a simple and easy manner, including electronically, that the consumer is or was an active duty military consumer; and ‘‘(B) provide contact information of the consumer for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer. ‘‘(3) N
O ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES .—Notice, whether provided by the model form de-scribed in paragraph (2) or otherwise, that a consumer is or was an active duty military consumer may not provide the sole basis for— ‘‘(A) with respect to a credit transaction between the consumer and a creditor, a cred-itor— ‘‘(i) denying an application of credit sub-mitted by the consumer; ‘‘(ii) revoking an offer of credit made to the consumer by the creditor; ‘‘(iii) changing the terms of an existing credit arrangement with the consumer; or ‘‘(iv) refusing to grant credit to the con-sumer in a substantially similar amount or on substantially similar terms requested by the consumer; ‘‘(B) furnishing negative information relat-ing to the creditworthiness of the consumer by or to a consumer reporting agency; or ‘‘(C) except as otherwise provided in this title, a creditor or consumer reporting agen-cy noting in the file of the consumer that the consumer is or was an active duty mili-tary consumer.’’; (2) in section 605A (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1)— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
EGATIVE INFORMATION NOTIFICATION .— If a consumer reporting agency receives an item of adverse information about a con-sumer who has provided appropriate proof that the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the consumer reporting agency shall promptly notify the consumer, with a frequency, in a manner, and according to a timeline determined by the Bureau or speci-fied by the consumer— ‘‘(A) that the consumer reporting agency has received the item of adverse informa-tion, along with a description of the item; and ‘‘(B) the method by which the consumer may dispute the validity of the item. ‘‘(3) C
ONTACT INFORMATION FOR ACTIVE DUTY  
MILITARY CONSUMERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a consumer who has provided appropriate proof to a consumer re-porting agency that the consumer is an ac-tive duty military consumer provides the consumer reporting agency with contact in-formation for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the con-sumer reporting agency shall use that con-tact information for all communications with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer. ‘‘(B) DIRECT REQUEST .—Unless the con-sumer directs otherwise, the provision of contact information by the consumer under subparagraph (A) shall be deemed to be a re-quest for the consumer to receive an active duty alert under paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that any person making use of a consumer report that contains an item of ad-verse information with respect to a con-sumer should, if the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred while the con-sumer was an active duty military con-sumer, take that fact into account when evaluating the creditworthiness of the con-sumer.’’; and (B) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sub-section (c)(1), in the case of a referral under subsection (c)(1)(C).’’; and (3) in section 611(a)(1) (15 U.S.C. 1681i(a)(1)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF DISPUTE RELATED TO ACTIVE  
DUTY MILITARY CONSUMERS .—With respect to an item of information described under sub-paragraph (A) that is under dispute, if the consumer to whom the item relates has noti-fied the consumer reporting agency con-ducting the investigation described in that subparagraph, and has provided appropriate proof, that the consumer was an active duty military consumer at the time the action or inaction that gave rise to the disputed item occurred, the consumer reporting agency shall— ‘‘(i) include that fact in the file of the con-sumer; and ‘‘(ii) indicate that fact in each consumer report that includes the disputed item.’’. 
SA 571. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. llll. CERTAIN SERVICE DEEMED TO BE ACTIVE MILITARY SERVICE FOR PURPOSES OF LAWS ADMINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 401(a)(1)(A) of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note), the Secretary of Defense is deemed to have determined that qualified service of an indi-vidual constituted active military service. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF DISCHARGE STATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall issue an honorable discharge under sec-tion 401(a)(1)(B) of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 to each person whose qualified service warrants an honorable discharge. (2) T
IMING .—A discharge under paragraph (1) shall be issued before the end of the one- year period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (c) P
ROHIBITION OF RETROACTIVE BENE-
FITS.—No benefits may be paid to any indi-vidual as a result of the enactment of this section for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) QUALIFIED SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualified service’’ means service of an individual as a member of the organization known as the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during the period begin-ning on July 1, 1943, and ending on December 15, 1945. 
SA 572. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN RESIDENTS OF THE ISLAND OF VIEQUES PUERTO RICO AND THE MUNICIPALITY OF VIEQUES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An individual shall be awarded monetary compensation for a claim made under this section if such individual— (1) can demonstrate that he or she was a resident on the island of Vieques, Puerto Rico, during or after the use by the United States Government of the island for military readiness; (2) files a claim not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act against the United States Government for personal injury, including illness or death arising from use by the United States Government of the island of Vieques for military readi-ness; and (3) submits to the court written medical documentation that the individual con-tracted a chronic, life threatening, or heavy metal disease or illness, including cancer, hypertension, cirrhosis, and diabetes while the United States Government used the is-land of Vieques, Puerto Rico for military readiness. (b) A
PPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL MASTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint a Special Master to consider claims described in paragraph (2). (2) A
MOUNTS OF AWARD .—The amounts de-scribed in this paragraph are as follows: (A) $50,000 for 1 disease described in para-graph (1)(B); (B) $80,000 for 2 diseases described in para-graph (1)(B); and (C) $110,000 for 3 or more diseases described in paragraph (1)(B). (c) A
WARD AMOUNTS RELATED TO CLAIMS BY  
THEMUNICIPALITY OF VIEQUES .— (1) A
WARD .—The Special Master shall pro-vide to the Municipality of Vieques the fol-lowing for a claim described in subsection (b)(2): (A) An academic partner, with appropriate experience and an established relationship with the Municipality of Vieques, which shall— (i) lead a research and outreach endeavor on behalf of the Municipality of Vieques; (ii) select the appropriate scientific exper-tise and administer defined studies, con-ducting testing and evaluation of the soils, seas, plant and animal food sources and human health situation; (iii) determine the most efficient and effec-tive way to reduce the environmental toxins to a level sufficient to return the soils, seas, food sources and health circumstances to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.128 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4538 July 27, 2017 
level that reduces the diseases on Vieques to the average in the United States. (B) The past research from universities, colleges, scientists, and doctors who have tested and evaluated the prevalence of toxic substances in the soil, food sources, and human populations. (C) A medical coordinator and staff to up-grade the medical facility and its equipment to a level to treat life threatening, chronic, and heavy metal diseases, including cancer, hypertension, cirrhosis, diabetes. (D) Compensation to create and fund a medical home to provide medical care for pe-diatric and adult patients, allowing the pa-tients to be referred for tertiary and quater-nary health care facilities when necessary, and providing the transportation and med-ical costs when traveling off the island of Vieques, until such time as the disease levels are reduced to the average in the United States. (E) Amounts necessary for the academic partner and medical coordinator to carry out the duties described in subparagraphs (A) through (D). (F) Amounts necessary to compensate the Municipality of Vieques for— (i) contractual procurement obligations and additional expenses incurred by the Mu-nicipality as a result of the enactment of this section; and (ii) any other damages and costs to be in-curred by the Municipality, if the Special Master determines that it is necessary to carry out the purpose of this section. (2) S
OURCE .—Amounts awarded under this subsection shall be made from amounts ap-propriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code. (3) D
ETERMINATION AND PAYMENT OF  
CLAIMS .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT OF FILING PROCE -
DURES .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall establish procedures whereby individuals may submit claims for payments under this section to the Special Master. (B) D
ETERMINATION OF CLAIMS .—The Spe- cial Master shall, in accordance with this subsection, determine whether each claim meets the requirements of this section. Claims already disposed of by a court under chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, shall be treated as if they are currently filed. (d) A
CTION ON CLAIMS .—The Special Master shall complete a determination on any claim filed under the procedures established under this section not later than 150 days after the date on which the claim is filed. (e) P
AYMENT IN FULL SETTLEMENT OF  C
LAIMS BY INDIVIDUALS AND THE MUNICI -
PALITY OF VIEQUES AGAINST THE UNITED  S
TATES .—The acceptance by an individual or the Municipality of Vieques a payment of an award under this section shall— (1) be final and conclusive; (2) be deemed to be in full satisfaction of the claim described in subsection (a)(2); and (3) constitute a complete release by the in-dividual of such claim against the United States and against any employee of the United States acting in the scope of employ-ment who is involved in the matter giving rise to the claim. (f) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—No costs in-curred by the Secretary of the Treasury, or a designee of the Secretary, not including at-torney’s fees, in carrying out this section shall be paid from amounts appropriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, or set off against, or otherwise de-ducted from, any payment under this section to any individual. (g) C
ERTIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF PAY-
MENTS UNDER OTHER LAWS.—Amounts paid to an individual under this section— (1) shall be treated for purposes of the laws of the United States as damages for human suffering; and (2) shall not be included as income or re-sources for purposes of determining eligi-bility to receive benefits described in section 3803(c)(2)(C) of title 31, United States Code, or the amount of such benefits. (h) NONASSIGNABILITY OF CLAIMS .—No claim cognizable under this section shall be assignable or transferable. (i) L
IMITATION .—A claim to which this sec-tion applies shall be barred unless the claim is filed within 20 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (j) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury may promulgated regulations to carry out this section. (k) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury should use funds or resources available to the Secretary to carry out the functions under this section. 
SA 573. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. INTERAGENCY REPORT ON MENTAL HEALTH PRACTICES AND SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to Con-gress, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, a report on mental health practices and services of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs that could be adopted by Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. (b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Attorney General shall make the report submitted under subsection (a) available to the public. 
SA 574. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF SKILLBRIDGE INITIA-TIVE TO INCLUDE PARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF INITIATIVE BY SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE .—The Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall make such modifications to the SkillBridge initiative of the Department of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate to en-able Federal agencies to participate in the initiative as employers and trainers, includ-ing the provision of training by Federal agencies under the initiative to transitioning members of the Armed Forces. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that each Federal agen-cy participates in the SkillBridge initiative of the Department of Defense as described in subsection (a). (c) TRANSITIONING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘transitioning member of the Armed Forces’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who is expected to be discharged or released from active duty in the Armed Forces not more than 180 days after the member commences training under the SkillBridge initiative. 
SA 575. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle ll of title ll, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROTECTING CRITICAL INFRASTRUC-TURE AGAINST CYBER ATTACKS FROM FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Authoritative evidence and testimony to Congress indicate that the United States Government cannot prevent cyber attacks by determined and capable adversaries from reaching critical infrastructure in the United States and that, absent major efforts to identify and eliminate vulnerabilities in the most critical nodes of the most critical infrastructure, such attacks would succeed in causing unacceptable damage to the United States. (2) To secure the United States against cyber attacks, it is necessary to develop de-terrence capabilities through a combination of offensive cyber attack means and greater survivability, resilience, and recovery capa-bilities in the critical infrastructure of the United States. (3) Defense of the United States against cyber attacks from foreign adversaries, in-cluding foreign governments, is a responsi-bility of the Federal Government. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Federal Government should provide funding in a collaborative effort with the owners of the most critical infrastructure to identify vulnerabilities to cyber attacks in the most critical nodes and develop solutions either through alternative equipment and practices, or by assured redundancy and re-covery capabilities; and (2) Government funding should also help cover the cost of any inefficiencies caused by changes in equipment, practices, or recovery capabilities to protect critical infrastructure against cyber attacks from foreign govern-ments. (c) A
NALYSIS AND SOLUTION DESIGNS .—The President shall— (1) conduct an analysis of cyber vulnerabilities in the most critical nodes of the most critical infrastructure; and (2) design solutions to eliminate such vulnerabilities. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a re-port on the vulnerabilities identified under paragraph (1) of subsection (c) and the solu-tions designed under paragraph (2) of such subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.128 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4539 July 27, 2017 
(2) C ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the vulnerabilities identified under paragraph (1) of subsection (c). (B) A description of the solutions designed under paragraph (2) of such subsection. (C) A strategy for working with owners of relevant critical infrastructure to eliminate vulnerabilities identified under subsection (c)(1). (D) An estimate of the cost of carrying out the strategy included under subparagraph (C) and a schedule to implement such strategy. (e) C
ONSIDERATION OF INVESTMENTS RE-
QUIRED .—The President shall consider the in-vestments required to correct the vulnerabilities identified under subsection (c)(1) whenever developing plans and pro-posals for national infrastructure invest-ment that the President submits to Con-gress. 
SA 576. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. OFFICE OF THE COORDINATOR FOR CYBER ISSUES. 
(a) O FFICE OF THE COORDINATOR FOR CYBER  I
SSUES .—Section 1 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) O
FFICE OF THE COORDINATOR FOR CYBER  I
SSUES .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department of State the Office of the Coordinator for Cyber Issues. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATOR FOR CYBER ISSUES .—The head of the Office shall be the Coordinator for Cyber Issues, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Coordinator shall report directly to the Secretary of State. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall per-form the following duties: ‘‘(A) Coordinating the Department of State’s global diplomatic engagement on cyber issues. ‘‘(B) Serving as the Department’s liaison to the President and Federal departments and agencies on these issues. ‘‘(C) Advising the Secretary of State and Deputy Secretaries of State on cyber issues and engagements. ‘‘(D) Acting as liaison to public and private sector entities on cyber issues. ‘‘(E) Coordinating the work of regional and functional bureaus within the Department engaged in these areas. ‘‘(4) R
ANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR .— The Coordinator shall have the rank and sta-tus of Ambassador at Large.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF FRAME -
WORK ON VOLUNTARY NORMS AND CONFIDENCE  B
UILDING MEASURES RELATED TO CYBER  I
SSUES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on efforts to establish a coalition of states in support of a framework on voluntary norms and con-fidence building measures related to cyber issues, including a description of any alter-native frameworks by other countries or international organizations. SA 577. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CREDIT TOWARD COMPUTATION OF YEARS OF SERVICE FOR NONREG-ULAR SERVICE RETIRED PAY UPON COMPLETION OF REMOTELY DELIV-ERED MILITARY EDUCATION OR TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) Such points as the Secretary con-cerned determines to be appropriate for suc-cessful completion of a course of instruction using electronically delivered methodologies to accomplish military education or train-ing, unless the education or training is per-formed while in a status for which credit is provided under another subparagraph of this paragraph.’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and (E)’’ in the last sen-tence and inserting ‘‘(E), and (F)’’. (b) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF POINTS PERSERV-
ICEYEAR.—Section 12733(3) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D), or (F)’’. 
SA 578. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PLAN TO ENHANCE THE EXTENDED DETERRENCE AND ASSURANCE CA-PABILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes that North Korea’s first successful test of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) constitutes a grave and imminent threat to United States security and to the security of United States allies and partners in the Asia-Pacific region. (b) P
LAN.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pacific Command and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to enhance the extended deterrence and as-surance capabilities of the United States in the Asia-Pacific region. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—Such plan shall include consideration of actions that will enhance United States security by strengthening deterrence of North Korean aggression and providing increased assurance to United States allies in the Asia-Pacific re-gion, including the following: (1) Increased visible presence of key United States military assets, such as missile de-fenses, long-range strike assets, and inter-mediate-range strike assets to the region. (2) Increased military cooperation, exer-cises, and integration of defenses with allies in the region. (3) Development and deployment of ground-based intermediate-range missiles, whether by allies or by the United States, if the United States were no longer bound by the limitations of the INF Treaty. (4) Increased foreign military sales to al-lies in the region. (5) Planning for, exercising, or deploying dual-capable aircraft to the region. (6) Any necessary modifications to the United States nuclear force posture, includ-ing re-deployment of submarine-launched nuclear cruise missiles to the region. (7) Such other actions the Secretary con-siders appropriate to strengthen extended de-terrence and assurance in the region. (d) FORM.—Such plan shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. (e) INF T
REATY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty be-tween the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Wash-ington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SA 579. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. ll. ANNUAL REPORT ON NAVY ACTIVITIES TO IMPLEMENT THE REGIONAL BIO-SECURITY PLAN FOR MICRONESIA AND HAWAII. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of the Navy shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives each year, at the time the budget of the President for the fiscal year beginning in such year is sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a report on the activities of the Department of the Navy to implement the Regional Biosecurity Plan for Micronesia and Hawaii (RBP). (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of Department of the Navy activities to implement the Regional Biosecurity Plan for Micronesia and Hawaii during the previous fiscal year. (2) A description of the activities planned to be undertaken by the Department during the fiscal year beginning in the year of such report to implement the Regional Biosecu-rity Plan for Micronesia and Hawaii, includ-ing the funding required during such fiscal year for such activities. (c) R
EGIONAL BIOSECURITY PLAN FOR MICRO-
NESIA AND HAWAII DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Regional Biosecurity Plan for Mi-cronesia and Hawaii’’ means the strategic plan developed jointly by the Department of Navy and other Federal and non-Federal en-tities to prevent the introduction of invasive species to the United States Pacific region and to control such species in that region. 
SA 580. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.129 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4540 July 27, 2017 
her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON APPLICATION OF HIRING FREEZES AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FA-CILITIES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘depot-level maintenance and repair’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2460 of title 10, United States Code. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—No memorandum, Execu-tive order, or other action by the President to prevent a Federal department or agency from appointing an individual to a vacant Federal civilian employee position, or cre-ating a new Federal civilian employee posi-tion, shall have any force or effect with re-spect to any civilian employee position in the Department of Defense at, or in support of, any facility— (1) at which depot-level maintenance and repair is carried out; or (2) that is designated under section 2474 of title 10, United States Code, as a Center of Industrial and Technical Excellence. 
SA 581. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ISSUANCE OF CONSOLIDATED PREG-NANCY AND PARENTHOOD INSTRUC-TION FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that each military department issues a single, consolidated instruction that addresses the decisions, actions, and requirements for members of the Armed Forces relating to pregnancy, the postpartum period, and par-enthood. 
SA 582. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF GAO RECOMMENDATIONS RELATING TO CONSIDERATION OF POST-TRAU-MATIC STRESS DISORDER AND TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY IN MIS-CONDUCT SEPARATIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the implemen-tation by the Department of Defense of the recommendations from the Government Ac-countability Office report entitled ‘‘Actions Needed to Ensure Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and Traumatic Brain Injury Are Considered in Misconduct Separations’’ and published on May 16, 2017. SA 583. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING PA-CIFIC WAR MEMORIAL. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes that, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, there is no memorial that specifically honors the members of the Armed Forces of the United States who served in the Pacific The-ater of World War II, also known as the Pa-cific War. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that a Pacific War memorial should be established at a suitable location at or near the Pearl Harbor site of the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument in Honolulu, Hawaii. 
SA 584. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ENHANCEMENT OF CYBER CAPABILI-TIES OF UNITED STATES ALLIES AND PARTNERS IN THE NORTH AT-LANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (commonly known as ‘‘NATO’’) remains a critical alliance for the United States and a cost-effective, flexible means of providing security to the most important allies of the United States. (2) The regime of Russian President Vladi-mir Putin is actively working to erode demo-cratic systems of NATO member states, in-cluding the United States. (3) According to the report of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence dated January 6, 2017, on the Russian Federation’s hack of the United States presidential elec-tion: ‘‘Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election represent the most re-cent expression of Moscow’s longstanding de-sire to undermine the US-led liberal demo-cratic order.’’. (4) As recently as May 4, 2017, the press re-ported a massive cyber hack of French Presi-dent Emmanuel Macron’s campaign, likely attributable to Russian actors. (5) It is in the core interests of the United States to enhance the offensive and defen-sive cyber capabilities of NATO member states to deter and defend against Russian cyber and influence operations. (6) Enhanced offensive cyber capabilities would enable the United States to dem-onstrate strength and deter the Russian Fed-eration from threatening NATO, while reas-suring allies, without a provocative buildup of conventional military forces. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CYBER STRATEGY  
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of Defense should update the cyber strategy of the Department of De-fense (as that strategy is described in the De-partment of Defense document titled ‘‘The Department of Defense Cyber Strategy’’ dated April 15, 2015); and (2) in updating the cyber strategy of the Department, the Secretary should— (A) specifically develop an offensive cyber strategy that includes plans for the offensive use of cyber capabilities, including computer network exploitation and computer network attacks, to thwart air, land, or sea attacks by the regime of Russia President Vladimir Putin and other adversaries; (B) provide guidance on integrating offen-sive tools into the cyber arsenal of the De-partment; and (C) assist North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion partners, through the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Cooperative Cyber Cen-ter of Excellence and other entities, in devel-oping offensive cyber capabilities. (c) S
TRATEGY FOR OFFENSIVE USE OF CYBER  C
APABILITIES .— (1) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The President shall develop a written strategy for the of-fensive use of cyber capabilities by depart-ments and agencies of the United States Government. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy developed under paragraph (1) shall include, at min-imum— (A) a description of enhancements that are needed to improve the offensive cyber capa-bilities of the United States and partner na-tions, including North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization member states; and (B) a statement of principles concerning the appropriate deployment of offensive cyber capabilities. (3) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strat-egy developed under paragraph (1). (4) F
ORM OF SUBMITTAL .—The strategy sub-mitted under paragraph (1) may be sub-mitted in classified form. (d) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL AS -
SISTANCE .—The President, acting through the Secretary of Defense and with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, is author-ized to provide technical assistance to North Atlantic Treaty Organization member states to assist such states in developing and en-hancing offensive cyber capabilities. (2) T
ECHNICAL EXPERTS .—In providing tech-nical assistance under paragraph (1), the President, acting through the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Cooperative Cyber Cen-ter of Excellence, may detail technical ex-perts in the field of cyber operations to North Atlantic Treaty Organization member states. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to preclude or limit the authorities of the President or the Secretary of Defense to provide cyber-re-lated assistance to foreign countries, includ-ing the authority of the Secretary to provide such assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 585. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.130 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4541 July 27, 2017 
of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON SALE OR LICENSE FOR EXPORT OF DEFENSE ARTICLES TO SAUDI ARABIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Gov-ernment may not enter into an agreement to sell or lease any defense article to the Gov-ernment of Saudi Arabia, and may not issue any license for the export of a defense article to the Government of Saudi Arabia pursuant to the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.), during fiscal year 2018 until 14 days after the date on which the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, submits to the appro-priate committees of Congress and the Comptroller General of the United States a certification described in subsection (b), to-gether with a detailed justification for the certification. (b) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .—A certifi-cation described in this subsection is a cer-tification as follows: (1) That the Government of Saudi Arabia is complying fully with its obligations in Yemen under each of the following: (A) Customary international law rule 55. (B) Articles 14 and 18 of the Additional Protocol (II) to the Geneva Conventions of August 12, 1949. (2) That the Government of Saudi Arabia is facilitating the delivery and installation of cranes to the port of Hodeidah that will ex-pedite the delivery of humanitarian assist-ance. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the submittal of the certification described in subsection (b), the Comptroller General shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report assessing whether the conclusions in the cer-tification are fully supported, and the jus-tification for the certification pursuant to subsection (a) is sufficiently detailed, and identifying whether any shortcomings, limi-tations, or other reportable matters exist that affect the quality of the certification. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘defense article’’ has the meaning given that term in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). 
SA 586. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. H ELLER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: TITLE I SEC. 101. ELIMINATION OF LIMITATION ON RE-CAPTURE OF EXCESS ADVANCE PAY-MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDITS. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 36B(f)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .— This subparagraph shall not apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2017.’’. 
SEC. 102. PREMIUM TAX CREDIT. 
(a) P REMIUM TAXCREDIT .— (1) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF QUALI -
FIED HEALTH PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 36B(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘or a plan that includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion nec-essary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest)’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this paragraph shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) R
EPEAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 36B. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this paragraph shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2019. (b) R
EPEAL OF ELIGIBILITY DETERMINA -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The following sections of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act are repealed: (A) Section 1411 (other than subsection (i), the last sentence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii), and such provisions of such section solely to the extent related to the application of the last sentence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii)). (B) Section 1412. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The repeals in para-graph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2020. (c) P
ROTECTING AMERICANS BY REPEAL OF  D
ISCLOSURE AUTHORITY TOCARRY OUTELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 6103(l) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .—No disclosure may be made under this paragraph after December 31, 2019.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 103. MODIFICATIONS TO SMALL BUSINESS TAX CREDIT. 
(a) S UNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45R of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) S
HALL NOTAPPLY .—This section shall not apply with respect to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2019.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2019. (b) D
ISALLOWANCE OF SMALL EMPLOYER  H
EALTH INSURANCE EXPENSE CREDIT FOR  P
LAN WHICH INCLUDES COVERAGE FOR ABOR-
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Any term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any term’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF HEALTH PLANS INCLUDING  
COVERAGE FOR ABORTION .—The term ‘quali-fied health plan’ does not include any health plan that includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest).’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 104. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 105. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 106. SHORT TERM ASSISTANCE FOR STATES AND MARKET-BASED HEALTH CARE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2105 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-sections: ‘‘(h) S
HORT -TERM ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS  C
OVERAGE AND ACCESS DISRUPTION AND PRO-
VIDE SUPPORT FOR STATES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATION .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, $20,000,000,000 for each of calendar years 2018 and 2019, and $15,000,000,000 for cal-endar year 2020, to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (in this subsection and subsection (i) referred to as the ‘Administrator’) to fund arrangements with health insurance issuers to assist in the purchase of health benefits coverage by ad-dressing coverage and access disruption and responding to urgent health care needs with-in States. Funds appropriated under this paragraph shall remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator shall issue guid-ance to health insurance issuers regarding how to submit a notice of intent to partici-pate in the program established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF INTENT TO PARTICIPATE .—To be eligible for funding under this subsection, a health insurance issuer shall submit to the Administrator a notice of intent to partici-pate at such time (but, in the case of funding for calendar year 2018, not later than 35 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section and, in the case of funding for cal-endar year 2019, 2020, or 2021, not later than March 31 of the previous year) and in such form and manner as specified by the Admin-istrator and containing— ‘‘(i) a certification that the health insur-ance issuer will use the funds in accordance with the requirements of paragraph (5); and ‘‘(ii) such information as the Adminis-trator may require to carry out this sub-section. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURE FOR DISTRIBUTION OF  
FUNDS .—The Administrator shall determine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.130 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4542 July 27, 2017 
an appropriate procedure for providing and distributing funds under this subsection. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds provided to a health insurance issuer under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the requirements of para-graphs (1)(D) and (7) of subsection (i) in the same manner as such requirements apply to States receiving payments under subsection (i) and shall be used only for the activities specified in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) of subsection (i). ‘‘(i) M
ARKET -BASED HEALTH CARE GRANT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION AND CERTIFICATION RE -
QUIREMENTS .—To be eligible for an allotment of funds under this subsection, a State shall submit to the Administrator an application, not later than March 31, 2019, in the case of allotments for calendar year 2020, and not later than March 31 of the previous year, in the case of allotments for any subsequent calendar year) and in such form and manner as specified by the Administrator, that con-tains the following: ‘‘(A) A description of how the funds will be used to do 1 or more of the following: ‘‘(i) To establish or maintain a program or mechanism to help high-risk individuals in the purchase of health benefits coverage, in-cluding by reducing premium costs for such individuals, who have or are projected to have a high rate of utilization of health serv-ices, as measured by cost, and who do not have access to health insurance coverage of-fered through an employer, enroll in health insurance coverage under a plan offered in the individual market (within the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986). ‘‘(ii) To establish or maintain a program to enter into arrangements with health insur-ance issuers to assist in the purchase of health benefits coverage by stabilizing pre-miums and promoting State health insur-ance market participation and choice in plans offered in the individual market (with-in the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). ‘‘(iii) To provide payments for health care providers for the provision of health care services, as specified by the Administrator. ‘‘(iv) To provide health insurance coverage by funding assistance to reduce out-of-pock-et costs, such as copayments, coinsurance, and deductibles, of individuals enrolled in plans offered in the individual market (with-in the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). ‘‘(v) To establish or maintain a program or mechanism to help individuals purchase health benefits coverage, including by reduc-ing premium costs for plans offered in the in-dividual market (within the meaning of sec-tion 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) for individuals who do not have access to health insurance coverage offered through an employer. ‘‘(vi) Subject to paragraph (4)(B)(iii), to provide health insurance coverage for indi-viduals who are eligible for medical assist-ance under a State plan under title XIX (but are not described in section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XXIII)) by establishing or maintaining relationships with health insur-ance issuers to provide such coverage. ‘‘(B) A certification that the State shall make, from non-Federal funds, expenditures for 1 or more of the activities specified in subparagraph (A) in an amount that is not less than the State percentage required for the year under paragraph (5)(B)(ii). ‘‘(C) A certification that the funds pro-vided under this subsection shall only be used for the activities specified in subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(D) A certification that none of the funds provided under this subsection shall be used by the State for an expenditure that is at-tributable to an intergovernmental transfer, certified public expenditure, or any other ex-penditure to finance the non-Federal share of expenditures required under any provision of law, including under the State plans estab-lished under this title and title XIX or under a waiver of such plans. ‘‘(E) Such other information as necessary for the Administrator to carry out this sub-section. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBILITY .—Only the 50 States and the District of Columbia shall be eligible for an allotment and payments under this sub-section and all references in this subsection to a State shall be treated as only referring to the 50 States and the District of Colum-bia. ‘‘(3) O
NE-TIME APPLICATION .—If an applica-tion of a State submitted under this sub-section is approved by the Administrator for a year, the application shall be deemed to be approved by the Administrator for that year and each subsequent year through December 31, 2026. ‘‘(4) M
ARKET -BASED HEALTH CARE GRANT AL -
LOTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPROPRIATION .—For the purpose of providing allotments to States under this subsection, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated— ‘‘(i) for calendar year 2020, ø$140,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(ii) for calendar year 2021, ø$143,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(iii) for calendar year 2022, ø$146,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(iv) for calendar year 2023, ø$149,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(v) for calendar year 2024, ø$152,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(vi) for calendar year 2025, ø$155,000,000,000¿; and ‘‘(vii) for calendar year 2026, ø$158,000,000,000¿. ‘‘(B) A
LLOTMENTS ; AVAILABILITY OF ALLOT -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State with an application approved under this sub-section with respect to a year, the Adminis-trator shall allot to the State for the year, from amounts appropriated for such year under subparagraph (A), the amount deter-mined for the State and year under para-graph (5). ‘‘(ii) A
VAILABILITY OF ALLOTMENTS ; UNUSED  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts allotted to a State for a calendar year under this subpara-graph shall remain available for obligation by the State through December 31 of the sec-ond calendar year following the year for which the allotment is made. ‘‘(II) U
NUSED AMOUNTS TO BE USED FOR DEF -
ICIT REDUCTION .—Amounts allotted to a State for a calendar year that remain unobli-gated on April 1 of the following year shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury and shall be used for deficit reduc-tion. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .—In no case may a State use more than 10 percent of the amount al-lotted to the State for a year under this sub-paragraph for the purpose described in clause (vi) of paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(5) D
ETERMINATION OF ALLOTMENT  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2020 .—Subject to sub-paragraph (B), the amount determined under this paragraph for a State for calendar year 2020 shall be equal to the sum of each of the following component amounts which is ap-plicable to the State: ‘‘(i) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount appro-priated for calendar year 2020 under para-graph (4)(A) multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not great-er than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. ‘‘(ii) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 20 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old. ‘‘(iii) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, an amount equal to 25 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States that, for calendar year 2016, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(iv) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had an average popu-lation density of fewer than 15 individuals per square mile, an amount equal to 1 per-cent of the amount so appropriated divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(v) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 14 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 80 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 3.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(vi) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 79 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 115 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 5.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(vii) With respect to each State that was an expansion State for calendar year 2017, an amount equal to 35 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2016 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States that were expansion States for cal-endar year 2017 whose income for calendar year 2016 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(B) C ALENDAR YEAR 2020 ALLOTMENT PA -
RAMETERS .—The Secretary shall adjust the amounts of allotments determined under this paragraph for States for calendar year 2020 under subparagraph (A) as necessary to ensure that a State’s allotment for calendar year 2026 (prior to any redistribution of unallotted funds under subparagraph (G)) shall in no case be— ‘‘(i) greater than 3 times the sum of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4543 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(I) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for med-ical assistance provided to individuals under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) (including medical assistance provided to individuals who are not newly el-igible (as defined in section 1905(y)(2)) indi-viduals described in subclause (VIII) of sec-tion 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)); ‘‘(II) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for operating a Basic Health Program under sec-tion 1331 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act for such year; ‘‘(III) the amount of advance payments of premium assistance credits allowable under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 made under section 1412(a) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act in calendar year 2016 on behalf of individuals who purchased insurance through the Ex-change established for or by the State pursu-ant to title I of such Act; and ‘‘(IV) the amount of Federal payments for cost-sharing reductions provided for cal-endar year 2016 under section 1402 of such Act to individuals who purchased insurance through the Exchange established for or by the State pursuant to title I of such Act; or ‘‘(ii) less than 75 percent of the sum of the amounts described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of clause (i). ‘‘(C) C
ALENDAR YEARS AFTER 2020 AND BE -
FORE 2026 .—Subject to subparagraph (F), For calendar years after 2020 and before 2026, the amount determined under this paragraph for a State and year shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) for calendar years before 2025— ‘‘(I) the amount determined for the State under subparagraph (A) (after adjustment under subparagraph (B), if applicable) or this subparagraph for the previous year; in-creased by ‘‘(II) the percentage increase in the med-ical care component of the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) from October 1 of the previous cal-endar year to October 1 of the calendar year involved; ‘‘(ii) for calendar year 2025— ‘‘(I) the amount determined for the State under this subparagraph for the previous year; increased by ‘‘(II) the percentage increase in the con-sumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city average) from October 1 of the pre-vious calendar year to October 1 of the cal-endar year involved. ‘‘(D) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2026 .—Subject to sub-paragraph (E), the amount determined under this paragraph for a State for calendar year 2026 shall be equal to the sum of each of the following component amounts which is ap-plicable to the State: ‘‘(i) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 15.5 percent of the amount appro-priated for calendar year 2026 under para-graph (4)(A) multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2025 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States whose income for calendar year 2025 was not less than 100 percent, and not great-er than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. ‘‘(ii) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 30 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old. ‘‘(iii) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, an amount equal to 39 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2025 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States that, for calendar year 2025, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(iv) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had an average popu-lation density of fewer than 15 individuals per square mile, an amount equal to 1.5 per-cent of the amount so appropriated divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(v) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 14 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 80 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 5.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(vi) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 79 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 115 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 8.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(E) CALENDAR YEAR 2026 ALLOTMENT PA -
RAMETERS .—The Secretary shall adjust the amounts of allotments determined under this paragraph for States for calendar year 2026 as necessary to ensure that a State’s al-lotment for calendar year 2026 (prior to any adjustment which may be applicable under subparagraph (F) or distribution under sub-paragraph (G)) shall in no case be— ‘‘(i) greater than 3.5 times the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for med-ical assistance provided to individuals under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) (including medical assistance provided to individuals who are not newly el-igible (as defined in section 1905(y)(2)) indi-viduals described in subclause (VIII) of sec-tion 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)); ‘‘(II) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for operating a Basic Health Program under sec-tion 1331 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act for such year; ‘‘(III) the amount of advance payments of premium assistance credits allowable under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 made under section 1412(a) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act in calendar year 2016 on behalf of individuals who purchased insurance through the Ex-change established for or by the State pursu-ant to title I of such Act; and ‘‘(IV) the amount of Federal payments for cost-sharing reductions provided for cal-endar year 2016 under section 1402 of such Act to individuals who purchased insurance through the Exchange established for or by the State pursuant to title I of such Act; or ‘‘(ii) less than 75 percent of the sum of the amounts described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of clause (i). ‘‘(F) L
OW INCOME POPULATION ADJUST -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) F
OR CALENDAR YEARS 2021 THROUGH  
2025.—For each of calendar years 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025 if a State’s low income per capita allotment amount for the year (as de-fined in clause (iii))— ‘‘(I) exceeds the mean low income per cap-ita allotment amount for all States for the year by not less than 15 percent, the State’s allotment for the year (as determined under subparagraph (C)) shall be reduced by a per-centage that shall be determined by the Sec-retary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 5 percent; or ‘‘(II) is not less than 15 percent below the mean low income per capita allotment amount for all States for the year, the State’s allotment for the year (as so deter-mined) shall be increased by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 5 percent. ‘‘(ii) FOR CALENDAR YEAR 2026 .—For cal- endar year 2026, Secretary shall adjust the allotment for the year for each State with a low income per capita allotment amount (as defined in clause (iii)) that exceeds the mean low income per capita allotment amount for all States for the year by more than 10 per-cent or is below such mean amount by not less than 10 percent in such a manner that the low income per capita allotment for each such State (after the adjustment under this clause) is within 10 percent of such mean amount. ‘‘(iii) L
OW INCOME PER CAPITA ALLOTMENT  
AMOUNT .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘low income per capita allotment amount’ means, with respect to a State and year and subject to adjustment under subclause (II), an amount equal to— ‘‘(aa) the State’s allotment for the year, as determined under subparagraph (C); divided by ‘‘(bb) the number of individuals in the State— ‘‘(AA) whose income for the previous cal-endar year did not exceed 138 percent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; and ‘‘(BB) who, during the previous calendar year, were not enrolled under the State plan under title XIX (except that, in the case of an individual who is enrolled under the State plan under clause (i)(VIII), (ii)(XX), or (ii)(XXIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) or is de-scribed in any such clause and is enrolled under a waiver of such plan, shall not be con-sidered to be enrolled under such State plan for purposes of this clause). ‘‘(II) A
DJUSTMENT FOR ADDITIONAL SIGNIFI -
CANT FACTORS .—The Secretary may adjust the amount determined for a State and year under subclause (I) if the Secretary deter-mines an adjustment to be appropriate based on statistically and actuarially significant factors, which may include— ‘‘(aa) the population of older individuals in the State, relative to other States; ‘‘(bb) disease burdens for the State, rel-ative to other States; and ‘‘(cc) variations in regional costs of care. ‘‘(iv) R
ULES OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(I) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY REQUIREMENT .—In determining the appropriate percentages by which to adjust States’ allotments for a cal-endar year under this subparagraph, the Sec-retary shall make such adjustments in a manner that does not result in a net increase in Federal payments under this section for such year, and if the Secretary cannot adjust such expenditures in such a manner there shall be no adjustment under this paragraph for such year. ‘‘(II) N
ONAPPLICATION TO LOW -DENSITY  
STATES .—This paragraph shall not apply to any State that has a population density of less than 15 individuals per square mile, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4544 July 27, 2017 
based on the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(G) R
EDUCTION FOR EXPENDITURES ON EX -
PANSION POPULATION .—In the case of an ex-pansion State, the amount of the allotment determined for the State for a calendar year under this paragraph shall be reduced by the amount of Federal payments received by the State for medical assistance provided to in-dividuals under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XXIII) for the year. ‘‘(H) D
ISTRIBUTION OF UNALLOTTED FUNDS .— To the extent that any funds appropriated for a calendar year under paragraph (4)(A) remain unallotted after the determinations, adjustments, and reductions made under the preceding subparagraphs of this paragraph, the Secretary shall increase the allotments so determined and adjusted for States that have a low income per capita allotment amount that is below the mean low income per capita allotment amount for all States in a manner to be determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(I) E
XPANSION STATE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘expansion State’ means, with respect to a State and year, a State that provided for eligibility for med-ical assistance under the State plan estab-lished under title XIX on the basis of clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) (or provided eligibility for individuals de-scribed in either such clause under a waiver approved under section 1115) during calendar year 2017. ‘‘(6) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) A
NNUAL PAYMENT OF ALLOTMENTS .— Subject to subparagraph (B), the Adminis-trator shall pay to each State that has an application approved under this subsection for a year, from the amount allotted to the State under paragraph (4)(B) for the year, an amount equal to the Federal percentage of the State’s expenditures for the year. ‘‘(B) S
TATE EXPENDITURES REQUIRED BEGIN -
NING 2022 .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the Federal percentage is equal to 100 per-cent reduced by the State percentage for that year, and the State percentage is equal to— ‘‘(i) in the case of calendar year 2020, 3 per-cent; ‘‘(ii) in the case of calendar year 2021, 3 percent; ‘‘(iii) in the case of calendar year 2022, 4 percent; ‘‘(iv) in the case of calendar year 2023, 4 percent; ‘‘(v) in the case of calendar year 2024, 5 per-cent; ‘‘(vi) in the case of calendar year 2025, 5 percent; and ‘‘(vii) in the case of calendar year 2026, 5 percent. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCE PAYMENT ; RETROSPECTIVE AD -
JUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator deems it appropriate, the Administrator shall make payments under this subsection for each year on the basis of advance esti-mates of expenditures submitted by the State and such other investigation as the Administrator shall find necessary, and shall reduce or increase the payments as nec-essary to adjust for any overpayment or un-derpayment for prior years. ‘‘(ii) M
ISUSE OF FUNDS .—If the Adminis-trator determines that a State is not using funds paid to the State under this subsection in a manner consistent with the description provided by the State in its application ap-proved under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator may withhold payments, reduce pay-ments, or recover previous payments to the State under this subsection as the Adminis-trator deems appropriate. ‘‘(D) F
LEXIBILITY IN SUBMITTAL OF  
CLAIMS .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as preventing a State from claim-ing as expenditures in the year expenditures that were incurred in a previous year. ‘‘(7) EXEMPTIONS .—Paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), (10), and (11) of subsection (c) do not apply to payments under this subsection.’’. (b) O
THER TITLE XXI A MENDMENTS .— (1) Section 2101 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The pur-pose’’ and inserting ‘‘Except with respect to short-term assistance activities under sec-tion 2105(h) and the Market-Based Health Care Grant Program established in section 2105(i), the purpose’’; and (B) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (g) of’’ before ‘‘section 2105’’. (2) Section 2105(c)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘and may not include’’ and inserting ‘‘or to carry out short-term assistance activities under subsection (h) or the Market-Based Health Care Grant Program established in sub-section (i) and, except in the case of funds made available under subsection (h) or (i), may not include’’. (3) Section 2106(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ff(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (g) of’’ before ‘‘section 2105’’. 
SEC. 107. BETTER CARE RECONCILIATION IMPLE-MENTATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby estab-lished a Better Care Reconciliation Imple-mentation Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’) within the Department of Health and Human Services to provide for Federal administrative expenses in carrying out this Act. (b) F
UNDING .—There is appropriated to the Fund, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $2,000,000,000. 
SEC. 108. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019. (c) S
UBSEQUENT EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2025, and chapter 43 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as such chapter would read if such sub-section had never been enacted. 
SEC. 109. REPEAL OF TAX ON OVER-THE- COUNTER MEDICATIONS. 
(a) HSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the period. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 220(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod. (c) H
EALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGE -
MENTS AND HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT AR-
RANGEMENTS .—Section 106 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (f). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM SAVINGS AC -
COUNTS .—The amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) shall apply to amounts paid with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENTS .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to ex-penses incurred with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 110. REPEAL OF TAX ON HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) HSA S.—Section 223(f)(4)(A) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘10 per-cent’’. (b) ARCHER MSA S.—Section 220(f)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 111. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
Section 4191 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The tax imposed under subsection (a) shall not apply to sales after December 31, 2017.’’. 
SEC. 112. REPEAL OF ELIMINATION OF DEDUC-TION FOR EXPENSES ALLOCABLE TO MEDICARE PART D SUBSIDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139A of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This section shall not be taken into ac-count for purposes of determining whether any deduction is allowable with respect to any cost taken into account in determining such payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 113. PURCHASE OF INSURANCE FROM HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and any dependent (as de-fined in section 152, determined without re-gard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) thereof) of such individual’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘any dependent (as defined in section 152, determined without regard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) there-of) of such individual, and any child (as de-fined in section 152(f)(1)) of such individual who has not attained the age of 27 before the end of such individual’s taxable year’’, (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) H
EALTH INSURANCE MAY NOT BE PUR -
CHASED FROM ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any payment for insurance.’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (C)(iii), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C)(iv) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) a high deductible health plan but only to the extent of the portion of such expense in excess of— ‘‘(I) any amount allowable as a credit under section 36B for the taxable year with respect to such coverage, ‘‘(II) any amount allowable as a deduction under section 162(l) with respect to such cov-erage, or ‘‘(III) any amount excludable from gross income with respect to such coverage under section 106 (including by reason of section 125) or 402(l).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to amounts paid for expenses incurred for, and distributions made for, coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 114. PRIMARY CARE ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) T REATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE S
ERVICE ARRANGEMENTS .—Section 223(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE  
SERVICE ARRANGEMENTS .—An arrangement under which an individual is provided cov-erage restricted to primary care services in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4545 July 27, 2017 
exchange for a fixed periodic fee or payment for such services— ‘‘(A) shall not be treated as a health plan for purposes of paragraph (1)(A)(ii), and ‘‘(B) shall not be treated as insurance for purposes of subsection (d)(2)(B).’’. (b) C
ERTAIN PROVIDER FEES TO BETREATED  
ASMEDICAL CARE.—Section 213(d) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(12) P
ERIODIC PROVIDER FEES .—The term ‘medical care’ shall include periodic fees paid for a defined set of primary care medical services provided on an as-needed basis.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 115. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO AMOUNT OF DEDUCT-IBLE AND OUT-OF-POCKET LIMITA-TION. 
(a) S ELF-ONLY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$2,250’’ and in-serting ‘‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’’. (b) F
AMILY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(B) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$4,500’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’’. (c) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Section 223(g)(1) of such Code is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’, and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 116. ALLOW BOTH SPOUSES TO MAKE CATCH-UP CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SAME HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(b)(5) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR MARRIED INDIVID -
UALS WITH FAMILY COVERAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of individ-uals who are married to each other, if both spouses are eligible individuals and either spouse has family coverage under a high de-ductible health plan as of the first day of any month— ‘‘(i) the limitation under paragraph (1) shall be applied by not taking into account any other high deductible health plan cov-erage of either spouse (and if such spouses both have family coverage under separate high deductible health plans, only one such coverage shall be taken into account), ‘‘(ii) such limitation (after application of clause (i)) shall be reduced by the aggregate amount paid to Archer MSAs of such spouses for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) such limitation (after application of clauses (i) and (ii)) shall be divided equally between such spouses unless they agree on a different division. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF ADDITIONAL CONTRIBU -
TION AMOUNTS .—If both spouses referred to in subparagraph (A) have attained age 55 before the close of the taxable year, the limitation referred to in subparagraph (A)(iii) which is subject to division between the spouses shall include the additional contribution amounts determined under paragraph (3) for both spouses. In any other case, any additional contribution amount determined under para-graph (3) shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A)(iii) and shall not be subject to division between the spouses.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 117. SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL EXPENSES INCURRED BEFORE ES-TABLISHMENT OF HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MEDICAL EX -
PENSES INCURRED BEFORE ESTABLISHMENT OF  
ACCOUNT .—If a health savings account is es-tablished during the 60-day period beginning on the date that coverage of the account beneficiary under a high deductible health plan begins, then, solely for purposes of de-termining whether an amount paid is used for a qualified medical expense, such account shall be treated as having been established on the date that such coverage begins.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 118. EXCLUSION FROM HSAS OF HIGH DE-DUCTIBLE HEALTH PLANS INCLUD-ING COVERAGE FOR ABORTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing flush sentence: ‘‘A high deductible health plan shall not be treated as described in clause (v) if such plan includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 119. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds pro-vided from a program referred to in this sub-section that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— (A) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (i) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; (ii) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an abortion— (I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (II) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and (B) for which the total amount of Federal and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $1,000,000. (2) DIRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). 
SEC. 120. MEDICAID. 
The Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A), in each of clauses (i)(VIII) and (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2014,’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(47)(B), by inserting ‘‘and provided that any such election shall cease to be effective on January 1, 2020, and no such election shall be made after that date’’ before the semicolon at the end; (2) in section 1905— (A) in the first sentence of subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘(50 percent on or after January 1, 2020)’’ after ‘‘55 percent’’; (B) in subsection (y)(1), by striking the semicolon at the end of subparagraph (D) and all that follows through ‘‘thereafter’’; and (C) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘through 2019’’ after ‘‘each year thereafter’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii)(VI), by striking ‘‘and each subsequent year’’; (3) in section 1915(k)(2), by striking ‘‘during the period described in paragraph (1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘on or after the date referred to in paragraph (1) and before January 1, 2020’’; (4) in section 1920(e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply after December 31, 2019.’’; (5) in section 1937(b)(5), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after December 31, 2019.’’; and (6) in section 1943(a), by inserting ‘‘and be-fore January 1, 2020,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2014,’’. 
SEC. 121. REPEAL OF MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902 (42 U.S.C. 1396a)— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A)— (i) in clause (i)(VIII), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; (ii) in clause (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; and (iii) in clause (ii), by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(XXIII) beginning January 1, 2020, who are expansion enrollees (as defined in subsection (nn)(1));’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(nn) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—In this title: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘expansion en-rollee’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who is under 65 years of age; ‘‘(B) who is not pregnant; ‘‘(C) who is not entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII, or en-rolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII; ‘‘(D) who is not described in any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4546 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(E) whose income (as determined under subsection (e)(14)) does not exceed 133 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF RELATED PROVISIONS .— Any reference in subsection (a)(10)(G), (k), or (gg) of this section or in section 1903, 1905(a), 1920(e), or 1937(a)(1)(B) to individuals de-scribed in subclause (VIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i) shall be deemed to include a ref-erence to expansion enrollees.’’; and (2) in section 1905 (42 U.S.C. 1396d)— (A) in subsection (y)(1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of subparagraph (D) and all that follows through ‘‘thereafter’’; and (B) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘each year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘is 80 percent’’ in subclause (IV) and all that fol-lows through ‘‘100 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘and subsequent years is 80 percent’’. 
SEC. 122. REDUCING STATE MEDICAID COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1902(a)(34) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(34)) is amended by striking ‘‘in or after the third month’’ and all that follows through ‘‘individual)’’ and inserting ‘‘in or after the month in which the indi-vidual (or, in the case of a deceased indi-vidual, another individual acting on the indi-vidual’s behalf) made application (or, in the case of an individual who is 65 years of age or older or who is eligible for medical assist-ance under the plan on the basis of being blind or disabled, in or after the third month before such month)’’. (2) D
EFINITION OF MEDICAL ASSISTANCE .— Section 1905(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘in or after the third month before the month in which the recipient makes application for assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘in or after the month in which the recipient makes applica-tion for assistance, or, in the case of a recipi-ent who is 65 years of age or older or who is eligible for medical assistance on the basis of being blind or disabled at the time applica-tion is made, in or after the third month be-fore the month in which the recipient makes application for assistance,’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to med-ical assistance with respect to individuals whose eligibility for such assistance is based on an application for such assistance made (or deemed to be made) on or after October 1, 2017. 
SEC. 123. ELIGIBILITY REDETERMINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902(e)(14) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(14)) (relating to modified adjusted gross income) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(J) F
REQUENCY OF ELIGIBILITY REDETER -
MINATIONS .—Beginning on October 1, 2017, and notwithstanding subparagraph (H), in the case of an individual whose eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan) is determined based on the application of modi-fied adjusted gross income under subpara-graph (A) and who is so eligible on the basis of clause (i)(VIII), (ii)(XX), or (ii)(XXIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A), at the option of the State, the State plan may provide that the individual’s eligibility shall be redetermined every 6 months (or such shorter number of months as the State may elect).’’. (b) I
NCREASED ADMINISTRATIVE MATCHING  P
ERCENTAGE .—For each calendar quarter during the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2019, the Federal matching percentage otherwise ap-plicable under section 1903(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(a)) with respect to State expenditures during such quarter that are attributable to meeting the require-ment of section 1902(e)(14) (relating to deter-minations of eligibility using modified ad-justed gross income) of such Act shall be in-creased by 5 percentage points with respect to State expenditures attributable to activi-ties carried out by the State (and approved by the Secretary) to exercise the option de-scribed in subparagraph (J) of such section (relating to eligibility redeterminations made on a 6-month or shorter basis) (as added by subsection (a)) to increase the fre-quency of eligibility redeterminations. SEC. 124. OPTIONAL WORK REQUIREMENT FOR NONDISABLED, NONELDERLY, NON-PREGNANT INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a), as previously amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(oo) O
PTIONAL WORK REQUIREMENT FOR  N
ONDISABLED , N ONELDERLY , N ONPREGNANT  I
NDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2017, subject to paragraph (3), a State may elect to condition medical assistance to a nondisabled, nonelderly, nonpregnant indi-vidual under this title upon such an individ-ual’s satisfaction of a work requirement (as defined in paragraph (2)). ‘‘(2) W
ORK REQUIREMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘work requirement’ means, with respect to an individual, the individ-ual’s participation in work activities (as de-fined in section 407(d)) for such period of time as determined by the State, and as di-rected and administered by the State. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED EXCEPTIONS .—States admin-istering a work requirement under this sub-section may not apply such requirement to— ‘‘(A) a woman during pregnancy through the end of the month in which the 60-day pe-riod (beginning on the last day of her preg-nancy) ends; ‘‘(B) an individual who is under 19 years of age; ‘‘(C) an individual who is the only parent or caretaker relative in the family of a child who has not attained 6 years of age or who is the only parent or caretaker of a child with disabilities; or ‘‘(D) an individual who is married or a head of household and has not attained 20 years of age and who— ‘‘(i) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent; or ‘‘(ii) participates in education directly re-lated to employment.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN MATCHING RATE FOR IMPLE -
MENTATION .—Section 1903 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(aa) The Federal matching percentage otherwise applicable under subsection (a) with respect to State administrative expend-itures during a calendar quarter for which the State receives payment under such sub-section shall, in addition to any other in-crease to such Federal matching percentage, be increased for such calendar quarter by 5 percentage points with respect to State ex-penditures attributable to activities carried out by the State (and approved by the Sec-retary) to implement subsection (oo) of sec-tion 1902.’’. 
SEC. 125. PROVIDER TAXES. 
Section 1903(w)(4)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(w)(4)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) For purposes of clause (i), a deter-mination of the existence of an indirect guarantee shall be made under paragraph (3)(i) of section 433.68(f) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 1, 2017, except that— ‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2021, ‘5.8 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; ‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2022, ‘5.6 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; ‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2023, ‘5.4 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; ‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2024, ‘5.2 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; and ‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2025 and each subse-quent fiscal year, ‘5 percent’ shall be sub-stituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it ap-pears.’’. SEC. 126. PER CAPITA ALLOTMENT FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Social Security Act is amended— (1) in section 1903 (42 U.S.C. 1396b)— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter before paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and section 1903A(a)’’ after ‘‘except as otherwise provided in this section’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘to which’’ and inserting ‘‘to which, subject to section 1903A(a),’’; and (2) by inserting after such section 1903 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1903A. PER CAPITA-BASED CAP ON PAY-MENTS FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION OF PERCAPITA CAP ON  P
AYMENTS FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPEND -
ITURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a State which is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia has excess aggregate medical assistance expendi-tures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2020), the amount of payment to the State under sec-tion 1903(a)(1) for each quarter in the fol-lowing fiscal year shall be reduced by 
1⁄4of the excess aggregate medical assistance pay-ments (as defined in paragraph (3)) for that previous fiscal year. In this section, the term ‘State’ means only the 50 States and the Dis-trict of Columbia. ‘‘(2) E
XCESS AGGREGATE MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘excess aggregate medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(A) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State and fiscal year; exceeds ‘‘(B) the amount of the target total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (c)) for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS AGGREGATE MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE PAYMENTS .—In this subsection, the term ‘excess aggregate medical assistance payments’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the product of— ‘‘(A) the excess aggregate medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State for the fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) the Federal average medical assist-ance matching percentage (as defined in paragraph (4)) for the State for the fiscal year. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL AVERAGE MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  
MATCHING PERCENTAGE .—In this subsection, the term ‘Federal average medical assistance matching percentage’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage) of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the Federal payments that would be made to the State under sec-tion 1903(a)(1) for medical assistance expend-itures for calendar quarters in the fiscal year if paragraph (1) did not apply; to ‘‘(B) the amount of the medical assistance expenditures for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(5) P
ER CAPITA BASE PERIOD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘per capita base period’ means, with respect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4547 July 27, 2017 
to a State, a period of 8 (or, in the case of a State selecting a period under subparagraph (D), not less than 4) consecutive fiscal quar-ters selected by the State. ‘‘(B) T
IMELINE .—Each State shall submit its selection of a per capita base period to the Secretary not later than January 1, 2018. ‘‘(C) P
ARAMETERS .—In selecting a per cap-ita base period under this paragraph, a State shall— ‘‘(i) only select a period of 8 (or, in the case of a State selecting a base period under sub-paragraph (D), not less than 4) consecutive fiscal quarters for which all the data nec-essary to make determinations required under this section is available, as deter-mined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) shall not select any period of 8 (or, in the case of a State selecting a base period under subparagraph (D), not less than 4) con-secutive fiscal quarters that begins with a fiscal quarter earlier than the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 or ends with a fiscal quar-ter later than the third fiscal quarter of 2017. ‘‘(D) B
ASE PERIOD FOR LATE -EXPANDING  
STATES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that did not provide for medical assistance for the 1903A enrollee category described in subsection (e)(2)(D) as of the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2015 but which provided for such assistance for such category in a subsequent fiscal quarter that is not later than the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the State may select a per capita base period that is less than 8 consecutive fiscal quarters, but in no case shall the pe-riod selected be less than 4 consecutive fiscal quarters. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Except for the requirement that a per capita base period be a period of 8 con-secutive fiscal quarters, all other require-ments of this paragraph shall apply to a per capita base period selected under this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION OF BASE PERIOD ADJUST -
MENTS .—The adjustments to amounts for per capita base periods required under sub-sections (b)(5) and (d)(4)(E) shall be applied to amounts for per capita base periods se-lected under this subparagraph by sub-stituting ‘divided by the ratio that the num-ber of quarters in the base period bears to 4’ for ‘divided by 2’. ‘‘(E) A
DJUSTMENT BY THE SECRETARY .—If the Secretary determines that a State took actions after the date of enactment of this section (including making retroactive ad-justments to supplemental payment data in a manner that affects a fiscal quarter in the per capita base period) to diminish the qual-ity of the data from the per capita base pe-riod used to make determinations under this section, the Secretary may adjust the data as the Secretary deems appropriate. ‘‘(b) A
DJUSTED TOTAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  E
XPENDITURES .—Subject to subsection (g), the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘adjusted total medical assistance expendi-tures’ means, for a State— ‘‘(A) for the State’s per capita base period (as defined in subsection (a)(5)), the product of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the medical assistance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2) and adjusted under paragraph (5)) for the State and period, reduced by the amount of any ex-cluded expenditures (as defined in paragraph (3) and adjusted under paragraph (5)) for the State and period otherwise included in such medical assistance expenditures; and ‘‘(ii) the 1903A base period population per-centage (as defined in paragraph (4)) for the State; or ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fis-cal year, the amount of the medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State and fiscal year that is at-tributable to 1903A enrollees, reduced by the amount of any excluded expenditures (as de-fined in paragraph (3)) for the State and fis-cal year otherwise included in such medical assistance expenditures and includes non- DSH supplemental payments (as defined in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii)) and payments de-scribed in subsection (d)(4)(A)(iii) but shall not be construed as including any expendi-tures attributable to the program under sec-tion 1928 (relating to State pediatric vaccine distribution programs). In applying subpara-graph (B), non-DSH supplemental payments (as defined in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii)) and payments described in subsection (d)(4)(A)(iii) shall be treated as fully attrib-utable to 1903A enrollees. ‘‘(2) MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPENDITURES .— In this section, the term ‘medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a State and fiscal year or per capita base period, the medical assistance payments as reported by medical service category on the Form CMS-64 quar-terly expense report (or successor to such a report form, and including enrollment data and subsequent adjustments to any such re-port, in this section referred to collectively as a ‘CMS-64 report’) for quarters in the year or base period for which payment is (or may otherwise be) made pursuant to section 1903(a)(1), adjusted, in the case of a per cap-ita base period, under paragraph (5). ‘‘(3) E
XCLUDED EXPENDITURES .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘excluded expenditures’ means, for a State and fiscal year or per cap-ita base period, expenditures under the State plan (or under a waiver of such plan) that are attributable to any of the following: ‘‘(A) DSH.—Payment adjustments made for disproportionate share hospitals under sec-tion 1923. ‘‘(B) M
EDICARE COST -SHARING .—Payments made for medicare cost-sharing (as defined in section 1905(p)(3)). ‘‘(C) S
AFETY NET PROVIDER PAYMENT AD -
JUSTMENTS IN NON -EXPANSION STATES .—Pay- ment adjustments under subsection (a) of section 1923A for which payment is per-mitted under subsection (c) of such section. ‘‘(D) E
XPENDITURES FOR PUBLIC HEALTH  
EMERGENCIES .—Any expenditures that are subject to a public health emergency exclu-sion under paragraph (6). ‘‘(4) 1903A 
BASE PERIOD POPULATION PER -
CENTAGE .—In this subsection, the term ‘1903A base period population percentage’ means, for a State, the Secretary’s calculation of the percentage of the actual medical assist-ance expenditures, as reported by the State on the CMS–64 reports for calendar quarters in the State’s per capita base period, that are attributable to 1903A enrollees (as de-fined in subsection (e)(1)). ‘‘(5) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR PER CAPITA BASE PE -
RIOD.—In calculating medical assistance ex-penditures under paragraph (2) and excluded expenditures under paragraph (3) for a State for the State’s per capita base period, the total amount of each type of expenditure for the State and base period shall be divided by 2. ‘‘(6) A
UTHORITY TO EXCLUDE STATE EXPENDI -
TURES FROM CAPS DURING PUBLIC HEALTH  
EMERGENCY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period that begins on January 1, 2020, and ends on De-cember 31, 2024, the Secretary may exclude, from a State’s medical assistance expendi-tures for a fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year that occurs during such period, an amount that shall not exceed the amount de-termined under subparagraph (B) for the State and year or portion of a year if— ‘‘(i) a public health emergency declared by the Secretary pursuant to section 319 of the Public Health Service Act existed within the State during such year or portion of a year; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that such an exemption would be appropriate. ‘‘(B) MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF ADJUSTMENT .— The amount excluded for a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year under this paragraph shall not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the amount of State expenditures for medical assistance for 1903A enrollees in areas of the State which are subject to a dec-laration described in subparagraph (A)(i) for the fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year; ex-ceeds ‘‘(ii) the amount of such expenditures for such enrollees in such areas during the most recent fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year of equal length to the portion of a fiscal year involved during which no such declaration was in effect. ‘‘(C) A
GGREGATE LIMITATION ON EXCLUSIONS  
AND ADDITIONAL BLOCK GRANT PAYMENTS .— The aggregate amount of expenditures ex-cluded under this paragraph and additional payments made under section 1903B(c)(3)(E) for the period described in subparagraph (A) shall not exceed $5,000,000,000. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW .—If the Secretary exercises the authority under this paragraph with re-spect to a State for a fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year, the Secretary shall, not later than 6 months after the declaration de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) ceases to be in effect, conduct an audit of the State’s med-ical assistance expenditures for 1903A enroll-ees during the year or portion of a year to ensure that all of the expenditures so ex-cluded were made for the purpose of ensuring that the health care needs of 1903A enrollees in areas affected by a public health emer-gency are met. ‘‘(c) T
ARGET TOTAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  E
XPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION .—In this section, the term ‘target total medical assistance ex-penditures’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the sum of the products, for each of the 1903A enrollee categories (as defined in sub-section (e)(2)), of— ‘‘(A) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the enrollee category, State, and fis-cal year; and ‘‘(B) the number of 1903A enrollees for such enrollee category, State, and fiscal year, as determined under subsection (e)(4). ‘‘(2) T
ARGET PER CAPITA MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘target per capita medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a 1903A enrollee category and State— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2020, an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the provisional FY19 target per capita amount for such enrollee category (as cal-culated under subsection (d)(5)) for the State; increased by ‘‘(ii) the applicable annual inflation factor (as defined in paragraph (3)) for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(B) for each succeeding fiscal year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (under subparagraph (A) or this subparagraph) for the 1903A enrollee category and State for the preceding fiscal year; increased by ‘‘(ii) the applicable annual inflation factor for that succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE ANNUAL INFLATION FAC -
TOR.—In paragraph (2), the term ‘applicable annual inflation factor’ means— ‘‘(A) for fiscal years before 2025— ‘‘(i) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage increase in the medical care component of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4548 July 27, 2017 
the consumer price index for all urban con-sumers (U.S. city average) from September of the previous fiscal year to September of the fiscal year involved; and ‘‘(ii) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage in-crease described in clause (i) plus 1 percent-age point; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal years after 2024, for all 1903A enrollee categories, the percentage increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city average) from Sep-tember of the previous fiscal year to Sep-tember of the fiscal year involved. ‘‘(4) A
DJUSTMENTS TO STATE EXPENDITURES  
TARGETS TO PROMOTE PROGRAM EQUITY ACROSS  
STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with fiscal year 2020, the target per capita medical as-sistance expenditures for a 1903A enrollee category, State, and fiscal year, as deter-mined under paragraph (2), shall be adjusted (subject to subparagraph (C)(i)) in accord-ance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT BASED ON LEVEL OF PER  
CAPITA SPENDING FOR 1903A ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORIES .—Subject to subparagraph (C), with respect to a State, fiscal year, and 1903A en-rollee category, if the State’s per capita cat-egorical medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subparagraph (D)) for the State and category in the preceding fiscal year— ‘‘(i) exceed the mean per capita categorical medical assistance expenditures for the cat-egory for all States for such preceding year by not less than 25 percent, the State’s tar-get per capita medical assistance expendi-tures for such category for the fiscal year in-volved shall be reduced by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 2 percent; or ‘‘(ii) are less than the mean per capita cat-egorical medical assistance expenditures for the category for all States for such preceding year by not less than 25 percent, the State’s target per capita medical assistance expendi-tures for such category for the fiscal year in-volved shall be increased by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 2 percent. ‘‘(C) R
ULES OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(i) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY REQUIREMENT .—In determining the appropriate percentages by which to adjust States’ target per capita medical assistance expenditures for a cat-egory and fiscal year under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make such adjustments in a manner that does not result in a net in-crease in Federal payments under this sec-tion for such fiscal year, and if the Secretary cannot adjust such expenditures in such a manner there shall be no adjustment under this paragraph for such fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) A
SSUMPTION REGARDING STATE EXPEND -
ITURES .—For purposes of clause (i), in the case of a State that has its target per capita medical assistance expenditures for a 1903A enrollee category and fiscal year increased under this paragraph, the Secretary shall as-sume that the categorical medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) for such State, category, and fiscal year will equal such increased target med-ical assistance expenditures. ‘‘(iii) N
ONAPPLICATION TO LOW -DENSITY  
STATES .—This paragraph shall not apply to any State that has a population density of less than 15 individuals per square mile, based on the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(iv) D
ISREGARD OF ADJUSTMENT .—Any ad- justment under this paragraph to target medical assistance expenditures for a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fiscal year shall be disregarded when determining the target medical assistance expenditures for such State and category for a succeeding year under paragraph (2). ‘‘(v) APPLICATION FOR FISCAL YEARS 2020 AND  
2021.—In fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the Sec-retary shall apply this paragraph by deeming all categories of 1903A enrollees to be a sin-gle category. ‘‘(D) P
ER CAPITA CATEGORICAL MEDICAL AS -
SISTANCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term ‘per capita categorical medical assist-ance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fiscal year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) the categorical medical expenditures (as defined in clause (ii)) for the State, cat-egory, and year; divided by ‘‘(II) the number of 1903A enrollees for the State, category, and year. ‘‘(ii) C
ATEGORICAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EX -
PENDITURES .—The term ‘categorical medical assistance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fis-cal year, an amount equal to the total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State and fiscal year that are attributable to 1903A enrollees in the category, excluding any excluded ex-penditures (as defined in paragraph (3)) for the State and fiscal year that are attrib-utable to 1903A enrollees in the category. ‘‘(d) C
ALCULATION OF FY19 P ROVISIONAL  T
ARGET AMOUNT FOR EACH 1903A E NROLLEE  C
ATEGORY .—Subject to subsection (g), the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION OF BASE AMOUNTS FOR PER  
CAPITA BASE PERIOD .—For each State the Secretary shall calculate (and provide notice to the State not later than April 1, 2018, of) the following: ‘‘(A) The amount of the adjusted total medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State for the State’s per capita base period. ‘‘(B) The number of 1903A enrollees for the State in the State’s per capita base period (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(C) The average per capita medical assist-ance expenditures for the State for the State’s per capita base period equal to— ‘‘(i) the amount calculated under subpara-graph (A); divided by ‘‘(ii) the number calculated under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 AVERAGE PER CAPITA  
AMOUNT BASED ON INFLATING THE PER CAPITA  
BASE PERIOD AMOUNT TO FISCAL YEAR 2019 BY  
CPI-MEDICAL .—The Secretary shall calculate a fiscal year 2019 average per capita amount for each State equal to— ‘‘(A) the average per capita medical assist-ance expenditures for the State for the State’s per capita base period (calculated under paragraph (1)(C)); increased by ‘‘(B) the percentage increase in the med-ical care component of the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) from the last month of the State’s per capita base period to September of fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE AND AVERAGE EXPENDI -
TURES PER CAPITA FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 .—The Secretary shall calculate for each State the following: ‘‘(A) The amount of the adjusted total medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) The number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019 (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(4) P
ER CAPITA EXPENDITURES FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2019 FOR EACH 1903A ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORY .—The Secretary shall calculate (and provide notice to each State not later than January 1, 2020, of) the following: ‘‘(A)(i) For each 1903A enrollee category, the amount of the adjusted total medical as-sistance expenditures (as defined in sub-section (b)(1)) for the State for fiscal year 2019 for individuals in the enrollee category, calculated by excluding from medical assist-ance expenditures those expenditures attrib-utable to expenditures described in clause (iii) or non-DSH supplemental expenditures (as defined in clause (ii)). ‘‘(ii) In this paragraph, the term ‘non-DSH supplemental expenditure’ means a payment to a provider under the State plan (or under a waiver of the plan) that— ‘‘(I) is not made under section 1923; ‘‘(II) is not made with respect to a specific item or service for an individual; ‘‘(III) is in addition to any payments made to the provider under the plan (or waiver) for any such item or service; and ‘‘(IV) complies with the limits for addi-tional payments to providers under the plan (or waiver) imposed pursuant to section 1902(a)(30)(A), including the regulations specifying upper payment limits under the State plan in part 447 of title 42, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tions). ‘‘(iii) An expenditure described in this clause is an expenditure that meets the cri-teria specified in subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of clause (ii) and is authorized under section 1115 for the purposes of funding a delivery system reform pool, uncompensated care pool, a designated State health program, or any other similar expenditure (as defined by the Secretary). ‘‘(B) For each 1903A enrollee category, the number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019 in the enrollee category (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(C) For the State’s per capita base period, the State’s non-DSH supplemental and pool payment percentage is equal to the ratio (ex-pressed as a percentage) of— ‘‘(i) the total amount of non-DSH supple-mental expenditures (as defined in subpara-graph (A)(ii) and adjusted under subpara-graph (E)) and payments described in sub-paragraph (A)(iii) (and adjusted under sub-paragraph (E)) for the State for the period; to ‘‘(ii) the amount described in subsection (b)(1)(A) for the State for the State’s per cap-ita base period. ‘‘(D) For each 1903A enrollee category an average medical assistance expenditures per capita for the State for fiscal year 2019 for the enrollee category equal to— ‘‘(i) the amount calculated under subpara-graph (A) for the State, increased by the non-DSH supplemental and pool payment percentage for the State (as calculated under subparagraph (C)); divided by ‘‘(ii) the number calculated under subpara-graph (B) for the State for the enrollee cat-egory. ‘‘(E) For purposes of subparagraph (C)(i), in calculating the total amount of non-DSH supplemental expenditures and payments de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) for a State for the per capita base period, the total amount of such expenditures and the total amount of such payments for the State and base period shall each be divided by 2. ‘‘(5) PROVISIONAL FY19 PER CAPITA TARGET  
AMOUNT FOR EACH 1903A ENROLLEE CATEGORY .— Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Secretary shall calculate for each State a provisional FY19 per capita target amount for each 1903A enrollee category equal to the average med-ical assistance expenditures per capita for the State for fiscal year 2019 (as calculated under paragraph (4)(D)) for such enrollee cat-egory multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(A) the product of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4549 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(i) the fiscal year 2019 average per capita amount for the State, as calculated under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) the number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019, as calculated under paragraph (3)(B); to ‘‘(B) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures for the State for fiscal year 2019, as calculated under para-graph (3)(A). ‘‘(e) 1903A E
NROLLEE ; 1903A E NROLLEE CAT-
EGORY .—Subject to subsection (g), for pur-poses of this section, the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) 1903A 
ENROLLEE .—The term ‘1903A en-rollee’ means, with respect to a State and a month and subject to subsection (i)(1)(B), any Medicaid enrollee (as defined in para-graph (3)) for the month, other than such an enrollee who for such month is in any of the following categories of excluded individuals: ‘‘(A) CHIP.—An individual who is provided, under this title in the manner described in section 2101(a)(2), child health assistance under title XXI. ‘‘(B) IHS.—An individual who receives any medical assistance under this title for serv-ices for which payment is made under the third sentence of section 1905(b). ‘‘(C) B
REAST AND CERVICAL CANCER SERV -
ICES ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—An individual who is eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XVIII). ‘‘(D) P
ARTIAL -BENEFIT ENROLLEES .—An in- dividual who— ‘‘(i) is an alien who is eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of section 1903(v)(2); ‘‘(ii) is eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of sub-clause (XII) or (XXI) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii) (or on the basis of a waiver that provides only comparable benefits); ‘‘(iii) is a dual eligible individual (as de-fined in section 1915(h)(2)(B)) and is eligible for medical assistance under this title (or under a waiver) only for some or all of medi-care cost-sharing (as defined in section 1905(p)(3)); or ‘‘(iv) is eligible for medical assistance under this title and for whom the State is providing a payment or subsidy to an em-ployer for coverage of the individual under a group health plan pursuant to section 1906 or section 1906A (or pursuant to a waiver that provides only comparable benefits). ‘‘(E) B
LIND AND DISABLED CHILDREN .—An in- dividual who— ‘‘(i) is a child under 19 years of age; and ‘‘(ii) is eligible for medical assistance under this title on the basis of being blind or disabled. ‘‘(2) 1903A 
ENROLLEE CATEGORY .—The term ‘1903A enrollee category’ means each of the following: ‘‘(A) E
LDERLY .—A category of 1903A enroll-ees who are 65 years of age or older. ‘‘(B) B
LIND AND DISABLED .—A category of 1903A enrollees (not described in the previous subparagraph) who— ‘‘(i) are 19 years of age or older; and ‘‘(ii) are eligible for medical assistance under this title on the basis of being blind or disabled. ‘‘(C) C
HILDREN .—A category of 1903A enroll-ees (not described in a previous subpara-graph) who are children under 19 years of age. ‘‘(D) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—A category of 1903A enrollees (not described in a previous subparagraph) who are eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of clause (i)(VIII), (ii)(XX), or (ii)(XXIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A). ‘‘(E) O
THER NONELDERLY , NONDISABLED , 
NON-EXPANSION ADULTS .—A category of 1903A enrollees who are not described in any pre-vious subparagraph. ‘‘(3) MEDICAID ENROLLEE .—The term ‘Med-icaid enrollee’ means, with respect to a State for a month, an individual who is eligible for medical assistance for items or services under this title and enrolled under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan) under this title for the month. ‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF 1903A EN -
ROLLEES .—The number of 1903A enrollees for a State and fiscal year or the State’s per capita base period, and, if applicable, for a 1903A enrollee category, is the average monthly number of Medicaid enrollees for such State and fiscal year or base period (and, if applicable, in such category) that are reported through the CMS–64 report under (and subject to audit under) subsection (h). ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL PAYMENT RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION IN CASE OF RESEARCH AND  
DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS AND OTHER WAIV -
ERS.—In the case of a State with a waiver of the State plan approved under section 1115, section 1915, or another provision of this title, this section shall apply to medical as-sistance expenditures and medical assistance payments under the waiver, in the same manner as if such expenditures and pay-ments had been made under a State plan under this title and the limitations on ex-penditures under this section shall supersede any other payment limitations or provisions (including limitations based on a per capita limitation) otherwise applicable under such a waiver. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF STATES EXPANDING COV -
ERAGE AFTER JULY 1 , 2016.—In the case of a State that did not provide for medical assist-ance for the 1903A enrollee category de-scribed in subsection (e)(2)(D) as of July 1, 2016, but which subsequently provides for such assistance for such category, the provi-sional FY19 per capita target amount for such enrollee category under subsection (d)(5) shall be equal to the provisional FY19 per capita target amount for the 1903A en-rollee category described in subsection (e)(2)(E). ‘‘(3) I
N CASE OF STATE FAILURE TO REPORT  
NECESSARY DATA .—If a State for any quarter in a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2019) fails to satisfactorily submit data on expenditures and enrollees in accordance with subsection (h)(1), for such fiscal year and any succeeding fiscal year for which such data are not satisfactorily submitted— ‘‘(A) the Secretary shall calculate and apply subsections (a) through (e) with re-spect to the State as if all 1903A enrollee cat-egories for which such expenditure and en-rollee data were not satisfactorily submitted were a single 1903A enrollee category; and ‘‘(B) the growth factor otherwise applied under subsection (c)(2)(B) shall be decreased by 1 percentage point. ‘‘(g) R
ECALCULATION OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS  
FOR DATA ERRORS .—The amounts and per-centage calculated under paragraphs (1) and (4)(C) of subsection (d) for a State for the State’s per capita base period, and the amounts of the adjusted total medical assist-ance expenditures calculated under sub-section (b) and the number of Medicaid en-rollees and 1903A enrollees determined under subsection (e)(4) for a State for the State’s per capita base period, fiscal year 2019, and any subsequent fiscal year, may be adjusted by the Secretary based upon an appeal (filed by the State in such a form, manner, and time, and containing such information relat-ing to data errors that support such appeal, as the Secretary specifies) that the Sec-retary determines to be valid, except that any adjustment by the Secretary under this subsection for a State may not result in an increase of the target total medical assist-ance expenditures exceeding 2 percent. ‘‘(h) REQUIRED REPORTING AND AUDITING ; T
RANSITIONAL INCREASE IN FEDERAL MATCH -
INGPERCENTAGE FOR CERTAIN ADMINISTRA -
TIVE EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) A
UDITING OF CMS –64 DATA .—The Sec- retary shall conduct for each State an audit of the number of individuals and expendi-tures reported through the CMS–64 report for the State’s per capita base period, fiscal year 2019, and each subsequent fiscal year, which audit may be conducted on a representative sample (as determined by the Secretary). ‘‘(2) A
UDITING OF STATE SPENDING .—The In- spector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall conduct an audit (which shall be conducted using random sam-pling, as determined by the Inspector Gen-eral) of each State’s spending under this sec-tion not less than once every 3 years. ‘‘(3) T
EMPORARY INCREASE IN FEDERAL  
MATCHING PERCENTAGE TO SUPPORT IMPROVED  
DATA REPORTING SYSTEMS FOR FISCAL YEARS  
2018 AND 2019 .—In the case of any State that selects as its per capita base period the most recent 8 consecutive quarter period for which the data necessary to make the determina-tions required under this section is available, for amounts expended during calendar quar-ters beginning on or after October 1, 2017, and before October 1, 2019— ‘‘(A) the Federal matching percentage ap-plied under section 1903(a)(3)(A)(i) shall be increased by 10 percentage points to 100 per-cent; and ‘‘(B) the Federal matching percentage ap-plied under section 1903(a)(3)(B) shall be in-creased by 25 percentage points to 100 per-cent. ‘‘(4) HHS 
REPORT ON ADOPTION OF T –MSIS 
DATA .—Not later than January 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report making recommendations as to whether data from the Transformed Medicaid Statistical Information System would be preferable to CMS–64 report data for purposes of making the determinations necessary under this sec-tion.’’. (b) E
NSURING ACCESS TO HOME AND COMMU -
NITY BASED SERVICES .—Section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR HOME AND  C
OMMUNITY -BASED SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a demonstration project (referred to in this subsection as the ‘demonstration project’) under which eligible States may make HCBS payment adjustments for the purpose of continuing to provide and improv-ing the quality of home and community- based services provided under a waiver under subsection (c) or (d) or a State plan amend-ment under subsection (i). ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF ELIGIBLE STATES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—A State seeking to par-ticipate in the demonstration project shall submit to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall require, an application that includes— ‘‘(i) an assurance that any HCBS payment adjustment made by the State under this subsection will comply with the health and welfare and financial accountability safe-guards taken by the State under subsection (c)(2)(A); and ‘‘(ii) such other information and assur-ances as the Secretary shall require. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall se-lect States to participate in the demonstra-tion project on a competitive basis except that, in making selections under this para-graph, the Secretary shall give priority to any State that is one of the 15 States in the United States with the lowest population density, as determined by the Secretary based on data from the Bureau of the Census. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4550 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(3) T ERM OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECT .— The demonstration project shall be con-ducted for the 4-year period beginning on January 1, 2020, and ending on December 31, 2023. ‘‘(4) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS AND INCREASED  
FMAP FOR PAYMENT ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) A
NNUAL ALLOTMENT .—Subject to clause (ii), for each year of the demonstration project, the Secretary shall allot an amount to each State that is an eligible State for the year. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL SPENDING .— The aggregate amount that may be allotted to eligible States under clause (i) for all years of the demonstration project shall not exceed $8,000,000,000. ‘‘(B) FMAP 
APPLICABLE TO HCBS PAYMENT  
ADJUSTMENTS .—For each year of the dem-onstration project, notwithstanding section 1905(b) but subject to the limitations de-scribed in subparagraph (C), the Federal medical assistance percentage applicable with respect to expenditures by an eligible State that are attributable to HCBS pay-ment adjustments shall be equal to (and shall in no case exceed) 100 percent. ‘‘(C) I
NDIVIDUAL PROVIDER AND ALLOTMENT  
LIMITATIONS .—Payment under section 1903(a) shall not be made to an eligible State for ex-penditures for a year that are attributable to an HCBS payment adjustment— ‘‘(i) that is paid to a single provider and ex-ceeds a percentage which shall be established by the Secretary of the payment otherwise made to the provider; or ‘‘(ii) to the extent that the aggregate amount of HCBS payment adjustments made by the State in the year exceeds the amount allotted to the State for the year under clause (i). ‘‘(5) R
EPORTING AND EVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing the increased Federal medical assistance percentage described in paragraph (4)(B), each eligible State shall collect and report information, as determined necessary by the Secretary, for the purposes of providing Fed-eral oversight and evaluating the State’s compliance with the health and welfare and financial accountability safeguards taken by the State under subsection (c)(2)(A). ‘‘(B) F
ORMS .—Expenditures by eligible States on HCBS payment adjustments shall be separately reported on the CMS-64 Form and in T-MSIS. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘eligible State’ means a State that— ‘‘(i) is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia; ‘‘(ii) has in effect— ‘‘(I) a waiver under subsection (c) or (d); or ‘‘(II) a State plan amendment under sub-section (i); ‘‘(iii) submits an application under para-graph (2)(A); and ‘‘(iv) is selected by the Secretary to par-ticipate in the demonstration project. ‘‘(B) HCBS 
PAYMENT ADJUSTMENT .—The term ‘HCBS payment adjustment’ means a payment adjustment made by an eligible State to the amount of payment otherwise provided under a waiver under subsection (c) or (d) or a State plan amendment under sub-section (i) for a home and community-based service which is provided to a 1903A enrollee (as defined in section 1903A(e)(1)) who is in the enrollee category described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 1903A(e)(2).’’. 
SEC. 127. FLEXIBLE BLOCK GRANT OPTION FOR STATES. 
Title XIX of the Social Security Act, as previously amended, is further amended by inserting after section 1903A the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 1903B. MEDICAID FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning with fiscal year 2020, any State (as defined in subsection (e)) that has an application approved by the Secretary under subsection (b) may conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program to provide targeted health assistance to program en-rollees. ‘‘(b) S
TATE APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary that meets the requirements of this sub-section. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—An appli- cation under this subsection shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the proposed Med-icaid Flexibility Program and how the State will satisfy the requirements described in subsection (d). ‘‘(B) The proposed conditions for eligibility of program enrollees. ‘‘(C) The applicable program enrollee cat-egory (as defined in subsection (e)(1)). ‘‘(D) A description of the types, amount, duration, and scope of services which will be offered as targeted health assistance under the program, including a description of the proposed package of services which will be provided to program enrollees to whom the State would otherwise be required to make medical assistance available under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i). ‘‘(E) A description of how the State will notify individuals currently enrolled in the State plan for medical assistance under this title of the transition to such program. ‘‘(F) Statements certifying that the State agrees to— ‘‘(i) submit regular enrollment data with respect to the program to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire; ‘‘(ii) submit timely and accurate data to the Transformed Medicaid Statistical Infor-mation System (T–MSIS); ‘‘(iii) report annually to the Secretary on adult health quality measures implemented under the program and information on the quality of health care furnished to program enrollees under the program as part of the annual report required under section 1139B(d)(1); ‘‘(iv) submit such additional data and in-formation not described in any of the pre-ceding clauses of this subparagraph but which the Secretary determines is necessary for monitoring, evaluation, or program in-tegrity purposes, including— ‘‘(I) survey data, such as the data from Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Pro-viders and Systems (CAHPS) surveys; ‘‘(II) birth certificate data; and ‘‘(III) clinical patient data for quality measurements which may not be present in a claim, such as laboratory data, body mass index, and blood pressure; and ‘‘(v) on an annual basis, conduct a report evaluating the program and make such re-port available to the public. ‘‘(G) An information technology systems plan demonstrating that the State has the capability to support the technological ad-ministration of the program and comply with reporting requirements under this sec-tion. ‘‘(H) A statement of the goals of the pro-posed program, which shall include— ‘‘(i) goals related to quality, access, rate of growth targets, consumer satisfaction, and outcomes; ‘‘(ii) a plan for monitoring and evaluating the program to determine whether such goals are being met; and ‘‘(iii) a proposed process for the State, in consultation with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, to take remedial action to make progress on unmet goals. ‘‘(I) Such other information as the Sec-retary may require. ‘‘(3) STATE NOTICE AND COMMENT PERIOD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before submitting an application under this subsection, a State shall make the application publicly available for a 30 day notice and comment period. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND COMMENT PROCESS .—Dur- ing the notice and comment period described in subparagraph (A), the State shall provide opportunities for a meaningful level of pub-lic input, which shall include public hearings on the proposed Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL NOTICE AND COMMENT PE -
RIOD.—The Secretary shall not approve of any application to conduct a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program without making such appli-cation publicly available for a 30 day notice and comment period. ‘‘(5) T
IMELINE FOR SUBMISSION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State may submit an application under this subsection to conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program that would begin in the next fiscal year at any time, subject to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
EADLINES .—Each year beginning with 2019, the Secretary shall specify a dead-line for submitting an application under this subsection to conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program that would begin in the next fiscal year, but such deadline shall not be earlier than 60 days after the date that the Sec-retary publishes the amounts of State block grants as required under subsection (c)(4). ‘‘(c) F
INANCING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year dur-ing which a State is conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program, the State shall receive, instead of amounts otherwise payable to the State under this title for medical assistance for program enrollees, the amount specified in paragraph (3)(A). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF BLOCK GRANT FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The block grant amount under this paragraph for a State and year shall be equal to the sum of the amounts de-termined under subparagraph (B) for each 1903A enrollee category within the applicable program enrollee category for the State and year. ‘‘(B) E
NROLLEE CATEGORY AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) F
OR INITIAL YEAR .—Subject to subpara-graph (C), for the first fiscal year in which a 1903A enrollee category is included in the ap-plicable program enrollee category for a Medicaid Flexibility Program conducted by the State, the amount determined under this subparagraph for the State, year, and cat-egory shall be equal to the Federal average medical assistance matching percentage (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) for the State and year multiplied by the product of— ‘‘(I) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in section 1903A(c)(2)) for the State, year, and category; and ‘‘(II) the number of 1903A enrollees in such category for the State for the second fiscal year preceding such first fiscal year, in-creased by the percentage increase in State population from such second preceding fiscal year to such first fiscal year, based on the best available estimates of the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(ii) F
OR ANY SUBSEQUENT YEAR .—For any fiscal year that is not the first fiscal year in which a 1903A enrollee category is included in the applicable program enrollee category for a Medicaid Flexibility Program con-ducted by the State, the block grant amount under this paragraph for the State, year, and category shall be equal to the amount deter-mined for the State and category for the most recent previous fiscal year in which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4551 July 27, 2017 
State conducted a Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram that included such category, except that such amount shall be increased by the percentage increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) from April of the second fiscal year preceding the fiscal year involved to April of the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in-volved. ‘‘(C) C
AP ON TOTAL POPULATION OF 1903A EN -
ROLLEES FOR PURPOSES OF BLOCK GRANT CAL -
CULATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In calculating the amount of a block grant for the first year in which a 1903A enrollee category is included in the applicable program enrollee category for a Medicaid Flexibility Program con-ducted by the State under subparagraph (B)(i), the total number of 1903A enrollees in such 1903A enrollee category for the State and year shall not exceed the adjusted num-ber of base period enrollees for the State (as defined in clause (ii)). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTED NUMBER OF BASE PERIOD EN -
ROLLEES .—The term ‘adjusted number of base period enrollees’ means, with respect to a State and 1903A enrollee category, the number of 1903A enrollees in the enrollee category for the State for the State’s per capita base period (as determined under sec-tion 1903A(e)(4)), increased by the percentage increase, if any, in the total State popu-lation from the last April in the State’s per capita base period to April of the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year involved (deter-mined using the best available data from the Bureau of the Census) plus 3 percentage points. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL PAYMENT AND STATE MAINTE -
NANCE OF EFFORT .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL PAYMENT .—Subject to sub-paragraphs (D) and (E), the Secretary shall pay to each State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program under this section for a fiscal year, from its block grant amount under paragraph (2) for such year, an amount for each quarter of such year equal to the Federal average medical assistance percent-age (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) of the total amount expended under the program during such quarter as targeted health as-sistance, and the State is responsible for the balance of the funds to carry out such pro-gram. ‘‘(B) S
TATE MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT EX -
PENDITURES .—For each year during which a State is conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program, the State shall make expenditures for targeted health assistance under the pro-gram in an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(i) the block grant amount determined for the State and year under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) the enhanced FMAP described in the first sentence of section 2105(b) for the State and year. ‘‘(C) R
EDUCTION IN BLOCK GRANT AMOUNT  
FOR STATES FAILING TO MEET MOE REQUIRE -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program that makes expenditures for targeted health assistance under the program for a fiscal year in an amount that is less than the re-quired amount for the fiscal year under sub-paragraph (B), the amount of the block grant determined for the State under paragraph (2) for the succeeding fiscal year shall be re-duced by the amount by which such expendi-tures are less than such required amount. ‘‘(ii) D
ISREGARD OF REDUCTION .—For pur- poses of determining the amount of a State block grant under paragraph (2), any reduc-tion made under this subparagraph to a State’s block grant amount in a previous fis-cal year shall be disregarded. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION TO STATES THAT TERMI -
NATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a State de-scribed in clause (i) that terminates the State Medicaid Flexibility Program under subsection (d)(2)(B) and such termination is effective with the end of the fiscal year in which the State fails to make the required amount of expenditures under subparagraph (B), the reduction amount determined for the State and succeeding fiscal year under clause (i) shall be treated as an overpayment under this title. ‘‘(D) REDUCTION FOR NONCOMPLIANCE .—If the Secretary determines that a State con-ducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program is not complying with the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold pay-ments, reduce payments, or recover previous payments to the State under this section as the Secretary deems appropriate. ‘‘(E) A
DDITIONAL FEDERAL PAYMENTS DUR -
ING PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year for which the Secretary has excluded expendi-tures under section 1903A(b)(6), if the State has uncompensated targeted health assist-ance expenditures for the year or portion of a year, the Secretary may make an addi-tional payment to such State equal to the Federal average medical assistance percent-age (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) for the year or portion of a year of the amount of such uncompensated targeted health assist-ance expenditures, except that the amount of such payment shall not exceed the amount determined for the State and year or portion of a year under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ADDITIONAL PAY -
MENT .—The amount determined for a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year under this subparagraph shall not exceed the Federal average medical assistance percent-age (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) for such year or portion of a year of the amount by which— ‘‘(I) the amount of State expenditures for targeted health assistance for program en-rollees in areas of the State which are sub-ject to a declaration described in section 1903A(b)(6)(A)(i) for the year or portion of a year; exceeds ‘‘(II) the amount of such expenditures for such enrollees in such areas during the most recent fiscal year involved (or portion of a fiscal year of equal length to the portion of a fiscal year involved) during which no such declaration was in effect. ‘‘(iii) U
NCOMPENSATED TARGETED HEALTH  
ASSISTANCE .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘uncompensated targeted health assistance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year, an amount equal to the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the total amount expended by the State under the program for targeted health assistance for the year or portion of a year; exceeds ‘‘(II) the amount equal to the amount of the block grant (reduced, in the case of a portion of a year, to the same proportion of the full block grant amount that the portion of the year bears to the whole year) divided by the Federal average medical assistance percentage for the year or portion of a year. ‘‘(iv) R
EVIEW .—If the Secretary makes a payment to a State for a fiscal year or por-tion of a fiscal year, the Secretary shall, not later than 6 months after the declaration de-scribed in section 1903A(b)(6)(A)(i) ceases to be in effect, conduct an audit of the State’s targeted health assistance expenditures for program enrollees during the year or portion of a year to ensure that all of the expendi-tures for which the additional payment was made were made for the purpose of ensuring that the health care needs of program enroll-ees in areas affected by a public health emer-gency are met. ‘‘(4) DETERMINATION AND PUBLICATION OF  
BLOCK GRANT AMOUNT .—Beginning in 2019 and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall de-termine for each State, regardless of whether the State is conducting a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program or has submitted an applica-tion to conduct such a program, the amount of the block grant for the State under para-graph (2) which would apply for the upcom-ing fiscal year if the State were to conduct such a program in such fiscal year, and shall publish such determinations not later than June 1 of each year. ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No payment shall be made under this section to a State con-ducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program un-less such program meets the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(2) T
ERM OF PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State Medicaid Flexi-bility Program approved under subsection (b)— ‘‘(i) shall be conducted for not less than 1 program period; ‘‘(ii) at the option of the State, may be continued for succeeding program periods without resubmitting an application under subsection (b), provided that— ‘‘(I) the State provides notice to the Sec-retary of its decision to continue the pro-gram; and ‘‘(II) no significant changes are made to the program; and ‘‘(iii) shall be subject to termination only by the State, which may terminate the pro-gram by making an election under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) E
LECTION TO TERMINATE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), a State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram may elect to terminate the program ef-fective with the first day after the end of the program period in which the State makes the election. ‘‘(ii) T
RANSITION PLAN REQUIREMENT .—A State may not elect to terminate a Medicaid Flexibility Program unless the State has in place an appropriate transition plan ap-proved by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—If a State elects to terminate a Medicaid Flexibility Program, the per capita cap limitations under section 1903A shall apply effective with the day described in clause (i), and such limitations shall be applied as if the State had never conducted a Medicaid Flexibility Program. ‘‘(3) P
ROVISION OF TARGETED HEALTH ASSIST -
ANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State Medicaid Flexi-bility Program shall provide targeted health assistance to program enrollees and such as-sistance shall be instead of medical assist-ance which would otherwise be provided to the enrollees under this title. ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program shall establish conditions for eligibility of program enroll-ees, which shall be instead of other condi-tions for eligibility under this title, except that the program must provide for eligibility for program enrollees to whom the State would otherwise be required to make med-ical assistance available under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i). ‘‘(ii) MAGI.—Any determination of income necessary to establish the eligibility of a program enrollee for purposes of a State Medicaid Flexibility Program shall be made using modified adjusted gross income in ac-cordance with section 1902(e)(14). ‘‘(4) B
ENEFITS AND SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIRED SERVICES .—In the case of program enrollees to whom the State would otherwise be required to make medical as-sistance available under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4552 July 27, 2017 
1902(a)(10)(A)(i), a State conducting a Med-icaid Flexibility Program shall provide as targeted health assistance the following types of services: ‘‘(i) Inpatient and outpatient hospital serv-ices. ‘‘(ii) Laboratory and X-ray services. ‘‘(iii) Nursing facility services for individ-uals aged 21 and older. ‘‘(iv) Physician services. ‘‘(v) Home health care services (including home nursing services, medical supplies, equipment, and appliances). ‘‘(vi) Rural health clinic services (as de-fined in section 1905(l)(1)). ‘‘(vii) Federally-qualified health center services (as defined in section 1905(l)(2)). ‘‘(viii) Family planning services and sup-plies. ‘‘(ix) Nurse midwife services. ‘‘(x) Certified pediatric and family nurse practitioner services. ‘‘(xi) Freestanding birth center services (as defined in section 1905(l)(3)). ‘‘(xii) Emergency medical transportation. ‘‘(xiii) Non-cosmetic dental services. ‘‘(xiv) Pregnancy-related services, includ-ing postpartum services for the 12-week pe-riod beginning on the last day of a preg-nancy. ‘‘(B) O
PTIONAL BENEFITS .—A State may, at its option, provide services in addition to the services described in subparagraph (A) as targeted health assistance under a Medicaid Flexibility Program. ‘‘(C) B
ENEFIT PACKAGES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The targeted health as-sistance provided by a State to any group of program enrollees under a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program shall have an aggregate actu-arial value that is equal to at least 95 per-cent of the aggregate actuarial value of the benchmark coverage described in subsection (b)(1) of section 1937 or benchmark-equiva-lent coverage described in subsection (b)(2) of such section, as such subsections were in effect prior to the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT , DURATION , AND SCOPE OF BEN -
EFITS .—Subject to clause (i), the State shall determine the amount, duration, and scope with respect to services provided as targeted health assistance under a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program, including with respect to services that are required to be provided to certain program enrollees under subpara-graph (A) except as otherwise provided under such subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE  
DISORDER COVERAGE AND PARITY .—The tar- geted health assistance provided by a State to program enrollees under a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program shall include mental health services and substance use disorder services and the financial requirements and treat-ment limitations applicable to such services under the program shall comply with the re-quirements of section 2726 of the Public Health Service Act in the same manner as such requirements apply to a group health plan. ‘‘(iv) P
RESCRIPTION DRUGS .—If the targeted health assistance provided by a State to pro-gram enrollees under a Medicaid Flexibility Program includes assistance for covered out-patient drugs, such drugs shall be subject to a rebate agreement that complies with the requirements of section 1927, and any re-quirements applicable to medical assistance for covered outpatient drugs under a State plan (including the requirement that the State provide information to a manufac-turer) shall apply in the same manner to tar-geted health assistance for covered out-patient drugs under a Medicaid Flexibility Program. ‘‘(D) C
OST SHARING .—A State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program may impose premiums, deductibles, cost-sharing, or other similar charges, except that the total annual aggregate amount of all such charges imposed with respect to all program enroll-ees in a family shall not exceed 5 percent of the family’s income for the year involved. ‘‘(5) ADMINISTRATION OF PROGRAM .—Each State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram shall do the following: ‘‘(A) S
INGLE AGENCY .—Designate a single State agency responsible for administering the program. ‘‘(B) E
NROLLMENT SIMPLIFICATION AND CO -
ORDINATION WITH STATE HEALTH INSURANCE  
EXCHANGES .—Provide for simplified enroll-ment processes (such as online enrollment and reenrollment and electronic verification) and coordination with State health insur-ance exchanges. ‘‘(C) B
ENEFICIARY PROTECTIONS .—Establish a fair process (which the State shall describe in the application required under subsection (b)) for individuals to appeal adverse eligi-bility determinations with respect to the program. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICATION OF REST OF TITLE XIX .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that a provision of this section is inconsistent with another provision of this title, the provision of this section shall apply. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 1903A .—With respect to a State that is conducting a Med-icaid Flexibility Program, section 1903A shall be applied as if program enrollees were not 1903A enrollees for each program period during which the State conducts the pro-gram. ‘‘(C) W
AIVERS AND STATE PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program that has in effect a waiver or State plan amendment, such waiver or amendment shall not apply with respect to the program, tar-geted health assistance provided under the program, or program enrollees. ‘‘(ii) R
EPLICATION OF WAIVER OR AMEND -
MENT .—In designing a Medicaid Flexibility Program, a State may mirror provisions of a waiver or State plan amendment described in clause (i) in the program to the extent that such provisions are otherwise con-sistent with the requirements of this section. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—In the case of a State described in clause (i) that termi-nates its program under subsection (d)(2)(B), any waiver or amendment which was limited pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall cease to be so limited effective with the effective date of such termination. ‘‘(D) N
ONAPPLICATION OF PROVISIONS .—With respect to the design and implementation of Medicaid Flexibility Programs conducted under this section, paragraphs (1), (10)(B), (17), and (23) of section 1902(a), as well as any other provision of this title (except for this section and as otherwise provided by this section) that the Secretary deems appro-priate, shall not apply. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE PROGRAM ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORY .—The term ‘applicable program en-rollee category’ means, with respect to a State Medicaid Flexibility Program for a program period, any of the following as spec-ified by the State for the period in its appli-cation under subsection (b): ‘‘(A) 2 
ENROLLEE CATEGORIES .—Both of the 1903A enrollee categories described in sub-paragraphs (D) and (E) of section 1903A(e)(2). ‘‘(B) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—The 1903A en-rollee category described in subparagraph (D) of section 1903A(e)(2). ‘‘(C) N
ONELDERLY , NONDISABLED , NONEXPAN -
SION ADULTS .—The 1903A enrollee category described in subparagraph (E) of section 1903A(e)(2). ‘‘(2) MEDICAID FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .—The term ‘Medicaid Flexibility Program’ means a State program for providing targeted health assistance to program enrollees funded by a block grant under this section. ‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM ENROLLEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘program en-rollee’ means, with respect to a State that is conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program for a program period, an individual who is a 1903A enrollee (as defined in section 1903A(e)(1)) who is in the applicable program enrollee category specified by the State for the period. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of section 1903A(e)(3), eligibility and enroll-ment of an individual under a Medicaid Flexibility Program shall be deemed to be eligibility and enrollment under a State plan (or waiver of such plan) under this title. ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM PERIOD .—The term ‘program period’ means, with respect to a State Med-icaid Flexibility Program, a period of 5 con-secutive fiscal years that begins with ei-ther— ‘‘(A) the first fiscal year in which the State conducts the program; or ‘‘(B) the next fiscal year in which the State conducts such a program that begins after the end of a previous program period. ‘‘(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia. ‘‘(6) T
ARGETED HEALTH ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘targeted health assistance’ means as-sistance for health-care-related items and medical services for program enrollees.’’. 
SEC. 128. MEDICAID AND CHIP QUALITY PER-FORMANCE BONUS PAYMENTS. 
Section 1903 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b), as previously amended, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(bb) Q
UALITY PERFORMANCE BONUS PAY-
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NCREASED FEDERAL SHARE .—With re- spect to each of fiscal years 2023 through 2026, in the case of one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia (each referred to in this subsection as a ‘State’) that— ‘‘(A) equals or exceeds the qualifying amount (as established by the Secretary) of lower than expected aggregate medical as-sistance expenditures (as defined in para-graph (4)) for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) submits to the Secretary, in accord-ance with such manner and format as speci-fied by the Secretary and for the perform-ance period (as defined by the Secretary) for such fiscal year— ‘‘(i) information on the applicable quality measures identified under paragraph (3) with respect to each category of Medicaid eligible individuals under the State plan or a waiver of such plan; and ‘‘(ii) a plan for spending a portion of addi-tional funds resulting from application of this subsection on quality improvement within the State plan under this title or under a waiver of such plan, the Federal matching percentage otherwise applied under subsection (a)(7) for such fiscal year shall be increased by such percentage (as determined by the Secretary) so that the aggregate amount of the resulting increase pursuant to this subsection for the State and fiscal year does not exceed the State allot-ment established under paragraph (2) for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENT DETERMINATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish a formula for com-puting State allotments under this para-graph for each fiscal year described in para-graph (1) such that— ‘‘(A) such an allotment to a State is deter-mined based on the performance, including improvement, of such State under this title and title XXI with respect to the quality measures submitted under paragraph (3) by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4553 July 27, 2017 
such State for the performance period (as de-fined by the Secretary) for such fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) the total of the allotments under this paragraph for all States for the period of the fiscal years described in paragraph (1) is equal to $8,000,000,000. ‘‘(3) Q
UALITY MEASURES REQUIRED FOR  
BONUS PAYMENTS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the Secretary shall, pursuant to rulemaking and after consultation with State agencies administering State plans under this title, identify and publish (and up-date as necessary) peer-reviewed quality measures (which shall include health care and long-term care outcome measures and may include the quality measures that are overseen or developed by the National Com-mittee for Quality Assurance or the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality or that are identified under section 1139A or 1139B) that are quantifiable, objective measures that take into account the clinically appro-priate measures of quality for different types of patient populations receiving benefits or services under this title or title XXI. ‘‘(4) L
OWER THAN EXPECTED AGGREGATE  
MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘lower than expected aggregate medical assistance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(A) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures for the State and fiscal year determined in section 1903A(b)(1) without regard to the 1903A en-rollee category described in section 1903A(e)(2)(E); is less than ‘‘(B) the amount of the target total med-ical assistance expenditures for the State and fiscal year determined in section 1903A(c) without regard to the 1903A enrollee category described in section 1903A(e)(2)(E).’’. 
SEC. 129. OPTIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN INPATIENT PSYCHIATRIC SERVICES. 
(a) S TATE OPTION .—Section 1905 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (16)— (i) by striking ‘‘and, (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)’’; and (ii) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, and (C) subject to subsection (h)(4), qualified inpatient psy-chiatric hospital services (as defined in sub-section (h)(3)) for individuals who are over 21 years of age and under 65 years of age’’; and (B) in the subdivision (B) that follows para-graph (29), by inserting ‘‘(other than services described in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (16) for individuals described in such sub-paragraph)’’ after ‘‘patient in an institution for mental diseases’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) For purposes of subsection (a)(16)(C), the term ‘qualified inpatient psychiatric hospital services’ means, with respect to in-dividuals described in such subsection, serv-ices described in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (1) that are not otherwise covered under subsection (a)(16)(A) and are fur-nished— ‘‘(A) in an institution (or distinct part thereof) which is a psychiatric hospital (as defined in section 1861(f)); and ‘‘(B) with respect to such an individual, for a period not to exceed 30 consecutive days in any month and not to exceed 90 days in any calendar year. ‘‘(4) As a condition for a State including qualified inpatient psychiatric hospital serv-ices as medical assistance under subsection (a)(16)(C), the State must (during the period in which it furnishes medical assistance under this title for services and individuals described in such subsection)— ‘‘(A) maintain at least the number of li-censed beds at psychiatric hospitals owned, operated, or contracted for by the State that were being maintained as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph or, if higher, as of the date the State applies to the Sec-retary to include medical assistance under such subsection; and ‘‘(B) maintain on an annual basis a level of funding expended by the State (and political subdivisions thereof) other than under this title from non-Federal funds for inpatient services in an institution described in para-graph (3)(A), and for active psychiatric care and treatment provided on an outpatient basis, that is not less than the level of such funding for such services and care as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph or, if higher, as of the date the State applies to the Secretary to include medical assistance under such subsection.’’. (b) SPECIAL MATCHING RATE.—Section 1905(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395d(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding the previous provisions of this subsection, the Federal medical assistance percentage shall be 50 percent with respect to medical assistance for services and individuals described in sub-section (a)(16)(C).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to qualified inpatient psychiatric hospital services fur-nished on or after October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 130. ENHANCED FMAP FOR MEDICAL AS-SISTANCE TO ELIGIBLE INDIANS. 
Section 1905(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(b)) is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘and with respect to amounts expended by a State as medical as-sistance for services provided by any other provider under the State plan to an indi-vidual who is a member of an Indian tribe who is eligible for assistance under the State plan’’ before the period. 
SEC. 131. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) T AXTREATMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS  H
EALTH PLANS .—A small business health plan (as defined in section 801(a) of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) shall be treated— (1) as a group health plan (as defined in section 2791 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–91)) for purposes of applying title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.) and title XXII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 300bb-1); (2) as a group health plan (as defined in section 5000(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) for purposes of applying sec-tions 4980B and 5000 and chapter 100 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and (3) as a group health plan (as defined in section 733(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1191b(a)(1))) for purposes of applying parts 6 and 7 of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq.). (b) R
ULES .—Subtitle B of title I of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART 8—RULES GOVERNING SMALL BUSINESS RISK SHARING POOLS 
‘‘SEC. 801. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘small business health plan’ means a fully insured group health plan, of-fered by a health insurance issuer in the large group market, whose sponsor is de-scribed in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) S
PONSOR .—The sponsor of a group health plan is described in this subsection if such sponsor— ‘‘(1) is a qualified sponsor and receives cer-tification by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) is organized and maintained in good faith, with a constitution or bylaws specifi-cally stating its purpose and providing for periodic meetings on at least an annual basis; ‘‘(3) is established as a permanent entity; ‘‘(4) is established for a purpose other than providing health benefits to its members, such as an organization established as a bona fide trade association, franchise, or section 7705 organization; and ‘‘(5) does not condition membership on the basis of a minimum group size. ‘‘SEC. 802. FILING FEE AND CERTIFICATION OF SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FEE.—A small business health plan shall pay to the Secretary at the time of filing an application for certification under subsection (b) a filing fee in the amount of $5,000, which shall be available to the Secretary for the sole purpose of admin-istering the certification procedures applica-ble with respect to small business health plans. ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule a procedure under which the Secretary— ‘‘(A) will certify a qualified sponsor of a small business health plan, upon receipt of an application that includes the information described in paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) may provide for continued certifi-cation of small business health plans under this part; ‘‘(C) shall provide for the revocation of a certification if the applicable authority finds that the small business health plan involved fails to comply with the requirements of this part; ‘‘(D) shall conduct oversight of certified plan sponsors, including periodic review, and consistent with section 504, applying the re-quirements of sections 518, 519, and 520; and ‘‘(E) will consult with a State with respect to a small business health plan domiciled in such State regarding the Secretary’s author-ity under this part and other enforcement authority under sections 502 and 504. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN APPLI -
CATION FOR CERTIFICATION .—An application for certification under this part meets the requirements of this section only if it in-cludes, in a manner and form which shall be prescribed by the applicable authority by regulation, at least the following informa-tion: ‘‘(A) Identifying information. ‘‘(B) States in which the plan intends to do business. ‘‘(C) Bonding requirements. ‘‘(D) Plan documents. ‘‘(E) Agreements with service providers. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule require-ments for certified plan sponsors that in-clude requirements regarding— ‘‘(A) structure and requirements for boards of trustees or plan administrators; ‘‘(B) notification of material changes; and ‘‘(C) notification for voluntary termi-nation. ‘‘(c) F
ILING NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION WITH S
TATES .—A certification granted under this part to a small business health plan shall not be effective unless written notice of such certification is filed by the plan sponsor with the applicable State authority of each State in which the small business health plan oper-ates. ‘‘(d) E
XPEDITED AND DEEMED CERTIFI -
CATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4554 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary fails to act on a complete application for certifi-cation under this section within 90 days of receipt of such complete application, the ap-plying small business health plan sponsor shall be deemed certified until such time as the Secretary may deny for cause the appli-cation for certification. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—The Secretary may assess a penalty against the board of trustees, plan administrator, and plan sponsor (jointly and severally) of a small business health plan sponsor that is deemed certified under para-graph (1) of up to $500,000 in the event the Secretary determines that the application for certification of such small business health plan sponsor was willfully or with gross negligence incomplete or inaccurate. 
‘‘SEC. 803. PARTICIPATION AND COVERAGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) C OVERED EMPLOYERS AND INDIVID -
UALS .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to a small business health plan if, under the terms of the plan— ‘‘(1) each participating employer must be— ‘‘(A) a member of the sponsor; ‘‘(B) the sponsor; or ‘‘(C) an affiliated member of the sponsor, except that, in the case of a sponsor which is a professional association or other indi-vidual-based association, if at least one of the officers, directors, or employees of an employer, or at least one of the individuals who are partners in an employer and who ac-tively participates in the business, is a mem-ber or such an affiliated member of the spon-sor, participating employers may also in-clude such employer; and ‘‘(2) all individuals commencing coverage under the plan after certification under this part must be— ‘‘(A) active or retired owners (including self-employed individuals with or without employees), officers, directors, or employees of, or partners in, participating employers; or ‘‘(B) the dependents of individuals de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) P
ARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS .—In apply- ing requirements relating to coverage re-newal, a participating employer shall not be deemed to be a plan sponsor. ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF DISCRIMINATION  A
GAINST EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES ELIGI-
BLE TO PARTICIPATE .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to a small business health plan if— ‘‘(1) under the terms of the plan, no par-ticipating employer may provide health in-surance coverage in the individual market for any employee not covered under the plan, if such exclusion of the employee from cov-erage under the plan is based on a health sta-tus-related factor with respect to the em-ployee and such employee would, but for such exclusion on such basis, be eligible for coverage under the plan; and ‘‘(2) information regarding all coverage op-tions available under the plan is made read-ily available to any employer eligible to par-ticipate. 
‘‘SEC. 804. DEFINITIONS; RENEWAL. 
‘‘For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) A
FFILIATED MEMBER .—The term ‘affili-ated member’ means, in connection with a sponsor— ‘‘(A) a person who is otherwise eligible to be a member of the sponsor but who elects an affiliated status with the sponsor, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a sponsor with members which consist of associations, a person who is a member or employee of any such asso-ciation and elects an affiliated status with the sponsor. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE STATE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘applicable State authority’ means, with respect to a health insurance issuer in a State, the State insurance commissioner or official or officials designated by the State to enforce the requirements of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act for the State involved with respect to such issuer. ‘‘(3) FRANCHISOR ; FRANCHISEE .—The terms ‘franchisor’ and ‘franchisee’ have the mean-ings given such terms for purposes of sec-tions 436.2(a) through 436.2(c) of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations (including any such amendments to such regulation after the date of enactment of this part) and, for pur-poses of this part, franchisor or franchisee employers participating in such a group health plan shall not be treated as the em-ployer, co-employer, or joint employer of the employees of another participating franchisor or franchisee employer for any purpose. ‘‘(4) H
EALTH PLAN TERMS .—The terms ‘group health plan’, ‘health insurance cov-erage’, and ‘health insurance issuer’ have the meanings given such terms in section 733. ‘‘(5) I
NDIVIDUAL MARKET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘individual market’ means the market for health insur-ance coverage offered to individuals other than in connection with a group health plan. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF VERY SMALL GROUPS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), such term includes coverage offered in con-nection with a group health plan that has fewer than 2 participants as current employ-ees or participants described in section 732(d)(3) on the first day of the plan year. ‘‘(ii) S
TATE EXCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply in the case of health insurance cov-erage offered in a State if such State regu-lates the coverage described in such clause in the same manner and to the same extent as coverage in the small group market (as de-fined in section 2791(e)(5) of the Public Health Service Act) is regulated by such State. ‘‘(6) P
ARTICIPATING EMPLOYER .—The term ‘participating employer’ means, in connec-tion with a small business health plan, any employer, if any individual who is an em-ployee of such employer, a partner in such employer, or a self-employed individual who is such employer with or without employees (or any dependent, as defined under the terms of the plan, of such individual) is or was covered under such plan in connection with the status of such individual as such an employee, partner, or self-employed indi-vidual in relation to the plan. ‘‘(7) S
ECTION 7705 ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘section 7705 organization’ means an organi-zation providing services for a customer pur-suant to a contract meeting the conditions of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), and (E) (but not (F)) of section 7705(e)(2) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, including an entity that is part of a section 7705 organization control group . For purposes of this part, any reference to ‘member’ shall include a cus-tomer of a section 7705 organization except with respect to references to a ‘member’ or ‘members’ in paragraph (1).’’. (c) P
REEMPTION RULES .—Section 514 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1144) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) The provisions of this title shall super-sede any and all State laws insofar as they may now or hereafter preclude a health in-surance issuer from offering health insur-ance coverage in connection with a small business health plan which is certified under part 8.’’. (d) P
LANSPONSOR .—Section 3(16)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 102(16)(B)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term also includes a person serving as the sponsor of a small business health plan under part 8.’’. (e) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Section 731(c) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘or part 8’’ after ‘‘this part’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Labor shall first issue all regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section within 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II 
SEC. 201. THE PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH FUND. 
Subsection (b) of section 4002 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal year 2018’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (4) through (8). 
SEC. 202. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘, and an addi-tional $422,000,000 for fiscal year 2017’’ after ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 203. CHANGE IN PERMISSIBLE AGE VARI-ATION IN HEALTH INSURANCE PRE-MIUM RATES. 
Section 2701(a)(1)(A)(iii) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg(a)(1)(A)(iii)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘(consistent with section 2707(c))’’ the following: ‘‘or, for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, 5 to 1 for adults (con-sistent with section 2707(c)) or such other ratio for adults (consistent with section 2707(c)) as the State may determine’’. 
SEC. 204. WAIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1332 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) a description of how the State plan meeting the requirements of a waiver under this section would, with respect to health in-surance coverage within the State— ‘‘(I) take the place of the requirements de-scribed in paragraph (2) that are waived; and ‘‘(II) provide for alternative means of, and requirements for, increasing access to com-prehensive coverage, reducing average pre-miums, providing consumers the freedom to purchase the health insurance of their choice, and increasing enrollment in private health insurance; and’’; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘that is budg-et neutral for the Federal Government’’ and inserting ‘‘, demonstrating that the State plan does not increase the Federal deficit’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the law’’ and inserting ‘‘a law or has in effect a certification’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or would qualify for a reduction in’’ after ‘‘would not qualify for’’; (ii) by adding after the second sentence the following: ‘‘A State may request that all of, or any portion of, such aggregate amount of such credits or reductions be paid to the State as described in the first sentence.’’; (iii) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘F
UNDING ’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘With respect’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING .—With re- spect’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4555 July 27, 2017 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—There is au-thorized to be appropriated, and is appro-priated, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until the end of fiscal year 2019, to provide grants to States for purposes of submitting an applica-tion for a waiver granted under this section and implementing the State plan under such waiver. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY TO USE MARKET -BASED  
HEALTH CARE GRANT ALLOTMENT .—If the State has an application for an allotment under section 2105(i) of the Social Security Act for the plan year, the State may use the funds available under the State’s allotment for the plan year to carry out the State plan under this section, so long as such use is con-sistent with the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (7) of section 2105(i) of such Act (other than paragraph (1)(B) of such section). Any funds used to carry out a State plan under this subparagraph shall not be considered in determining whether the State plan in-creases the Federal deficit.’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XPEDITED PROCESS .—The Secretary shall establish an expedited application and approval process that may be used if the Sec-retary determines that such expedited proc-ess is necessary to respond to an urgent or emergency situation with respect to health insurance coverage within a State.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘only if’’ and inserting ‘‘unless’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘plan—’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end of sub-paragraph (D) and inserting ‘‘application is missing a required element under subsection (a)(1) or that the State plan will increase the Federal deficit, not taking into account any amounts received through a grant under sub-section (a)(3)(B).’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR CERTIFY ’’ after ‘‘ LAW’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting be-fore the period ‘‘, and a certification de-scribed in this paragraph is a document, signed by the Governor, and the State insur-ance commissioner, of the State, that pro-vides authority for State actions under a waiver under this section, including the im-plementation of the State plan under sub-section (a)(1)(B)’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
OF OPT OUT ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘ may repeal a law’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘may terminate the authority provided under the waiver with respect to the State by— ‘‘(i) repealing a law described in subpara-graph (A); or ‘‘(ii) terminating a certification described in subparagraph (A), through a certification for such termination signed by the Governor, and the State insurance commissioner, of the State.’’; (3) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘and the reasons therefore’’ and inserting ‘‘and the reasons therefore, and provide the data on which such determination was made’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘No waiv-er’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘A waiver under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be in effect for a period of 8 years unless the State requests a shorter duration; ‘‘(2) may be renewed for unlimited addi-tional 8-year periods upon application by the State; and ‘‘(3) may not be cancelled by the Secretary before the expiration of the 8-year period (in-cluding any renewal period under paragraph (2)).’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—Section 1332 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) shall apply as follows: (1) In the case of a State for which a waiver under such section was granted prior to the date of enactment of this Act, such section 1332, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall apply to the waiver and State plan. (2) In the case of a State that submitted an application for a waiver under such section prior to the date of enactment of this Act, and which application the Secretary of Health and Human Services has not approved prior to such date, the State may elect to have such section 1332, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, or such section 1332, as amended by sub-section (a), apply to such application and State plan. (3) In the case of a State that submits an application for a waiver under such section on or after the date of enactment of this Act, such section 1332, as amended by subsection (a), shall apply to such application and State plan. 
SEC. 205. ALLOWING ALL INDIVIDUALS PUR-CHASING HEALTH INSURANCE IN THE INDIVIDUAL MARKET THE OP-TION TO PURCHASE A LOWER PRE-MIUM CATASTROPHIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1302(e) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
ONSUMER FREEDOM .—For plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, para-graph (1)(A) shall not apply with respect to any plan offered in the State.’’. (b) R
ISKPOOLS.—Section 1312(c) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and in-cluding, with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, enrollees in cata-strophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Exchange’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and in-cluding, with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, enrollees in cata-strophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Exchange’’. 
SEC. 206. APPLICATION OF ENFORCEMENT PEN-ALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2723 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–22) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and of section 1303 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’’ after ‘‘this part’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or in such section 1303’’ after ‘‘this part’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A), by insert-ing ‘‘or section 1303 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act’’ after ‘‘this part’’ each place such term appears; (B) in paragraph (2)(C)(ii), by inserting ‘‘and section 1303 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’’ after ‘‘this part’’. (b) E
FFECT OF WAIVER .—A State waiver pursuant to section 1332 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) shall not affect the authority of the Secretary to impose penalties under section 2723 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–22). SEC. 207. FUNDING FOR COST-SHARING PAY-MENTS. 
There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions au-thorized by the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (including adjustments to any prior obligations for such payments) for the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, payments and other actions for ad-justments to any obligations incurred for plan years 2018 and 2019 may be made through December 31, 2020. 
SEC. 208. REPEAL OF COST-SHARING SUBSIDY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1402 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act is repealed. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeal made by subsection (a) shall apply to cost-sharing re-ductions (and payments to issuers for such reductions) for plan years beginning after December 31, 2019. 
SA 587. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON REPEAL-ING THE 1993 TAX HIKE ON SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS SECTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .— (1) The 1993 tax on Social Security benefits was imposed as part of the President Clin-ton’s agenda to raise taxes; (2) The original 1993 tax hike on Social Se-curity benefits was to raise income taxes on Social Security retirees with as little as $25,000 of income; (3) Repeated efforts to repeal the 1993 tax hike on Social Security benefits have failed; and (4) Seniors rely on Social Security benefits as well as dividend income to fund their re-tirement and they should have taxes reduced on both sources of income. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Committee on Fi-nance should report out legislation to repeal the tax on seniors for taxable years begin-ning in 2018 and 2019 in a manner consistent with the preservation of the Medicare Trust Fund. 
SA 588. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 345. NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION, TREAT-MENT, MANAGEMENT, AND USE, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.067 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4556 July 27, 2017 
‘‘§ 4782. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army (referred to in this section as the ‘Sec-retary’) may provide, by contract or other-wise, for the production, treatment, manage-ment, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky, without regard to sec-tion 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352). ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas produced pursuant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may only be used to support activities and operations at Fort Knox; and ‘‘(2) may not be sold for use elsewhere. ‘‘(c) O
WNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary may take ownership of any gas pro-duction and treatment equipment and facili-ties and associated infrastructure from a contractor in accordance with the terms of a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(d) N
OAPPLICATION ELSEWHERE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority provided by this section applies only with respect to Fort Knox, Kentucky. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section authorizes the production, treat-ment, management, or use of natural gas re-sources underlying any Department of De-fense installation other than Fort Knox. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of the Secretary under this section is effective be-ginning on August 2, 2007.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 449 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘4782. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky.’’. 
SA 589. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REAU-THORIZATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reau-thorization Act of 2017’’. (b) A
DEQUATE ACCESS OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
TOINFORMATION .—Section 1212(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Special Counsel, in carrying out this subchapter, is authorized to— ‘‘(i) have timely access to all records, data, reports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, recommendations, or other material avail-able to the applicable agency that relate to an investigation, review, or inquiry con-ducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38; ‘‘(ii) request from any agency the informa-tion or assistance that may be necessary for the Special Counsel to carry out the duties and responsibilities of the Special Counsel under this subchapter; and ‘‘(iii) require, during an investigation, re-view, or inquiry of an agency, the agency to provide to the Special Counsel any record or other information that relates to an inves-tigation, review, or inquiry conducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38. ‘‘(B)(i) The authorization of the Special Counsel under subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003), unless the Special Counsel is investigating, or otherwise car-rying out activities relating to the enforce-ment of, an action under subchapter III of chapter 73. ‘‘(ii) An Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if the Inspector General determines that the material contains infor-mation derived from, or pertaining to, intel-ligence activities. ‘‘(iii) The Attorney General or an Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I)(aa) disclosing the material could rea-sonably be expected to interfere with a criminal investigation or prosecution that is ongoing as of the date on which the Special Counsel submits a request for the material; or ‘‘(bb) the material— ‘‘(AA) may not be disclosed pursuant to a court order; or ‘‘(BB) has been filed under seal under sec-tion 3730 of title 31; and ‘‘(II) the Attorney General or the Inspector General, as applicable, submits to the Spe-cial Counsel a written report that de-scribes— ‘‘(aa) the material being withheld; and ‘‘(bb) the reason that the material is being withheld. ‘‘(C)(i) A claim of common law privilege by an agency, or an officer or employee of an agency, shall not prevent the Special Coun-sel from obtaining any material described in subparagraph (A)(i) with respect to the agen-cy. ‘‘(ii) The submission of material described in subparagraph (A)(i) by an agency to the Special Counsel may not be deemed to waive any assertion of privilege by the agency against a non-Federal entity or against an individual in any other proceeding. ‘‘(iii) With respect to any record or other information made available to the Special Counsel by an agency under subparagraph (A), the Special Counsel may only disclose the record or information for a purpose that is in furtherance of any authority provided to the Special Counsel under this sub-chapter. ‘‘(6) The Special Counsel shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and each committee of Congress with jurisdic-tion over the applicable agency a report re-garding any case of contumacy or failure to comply with a request submitted by the Spe-cial Counsel under paragraph (5)(A).’’. (c) I
NFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-
TECTIONS .— (1) A
GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(i) appointed to a position as an employee on or after the date of enactment of the Of-fice of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2017; and ‘‘(ii) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9) of subsection (b). ‘‘(2) The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for— ‘‘(A) preventing prohibited personnel prac-tices; ‘‘(B) complying with and enforcing applica-ble civil service laws, rules, and regulations and other aspects of personnel management; and ‘‘(C) ensuring, in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency, that employees of the agency are informed of the rights and remedies avail-able to the employees under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(i) information with respect to whistle-blower protections available to new employ-ees during a probationary period; ‘‘(ii) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with respect to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(iii) the means by which, with respect to information that is otherwise required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs, an employee may make a lawful disclosure of the information to— ‘‘(I) the Special Counsel; ‘‘(II) the Inspector General of an agency; ‘‘(III) Congress; or ‘‘(IV) another employee of the agency who is designated to receive such a disclosure. ‘‘(3) The head of each agency shall ensure that the information described in paragraph (2) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 180 days after the date on which the new employee is appointed. ‘‘(4) The head of each agency shall make available information regarding whistle-blower protections applicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency and on any online portal that is made available only to employees of the agency, if such portal exists. ‘‘(5) Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for any aspect of personnel management shall, within the lim-its of the scope of the delegation, be respon-sible for the activities described in para-graph (2).’’. (2) TRAINING FOR SUPERVISORS .— (A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— (i) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered under paragraphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (ii) the term ‘‘whistleblower protections’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(c)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1). (B) T
RAINING REQUIRED .—The head of each agency, in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of that agency (or, in the case of an agency that does not have an Inspector General, the sen-ior ethics official of that agency), shall pro-vide the training described in subparagraph (C). (C) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training de-scribed in this subparagraph shall— (i) cover the manner in which the agency shall respond to a complaint alleging a viola-tion of whistleblower protections that are available to employees of the agency; and (ii) be provided— (I) to each employee of the agency who— (aa) is appointed to a supervisory position in the agency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.141 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4557 July 27, 2017 
(bb) before the appointment described in item (aa), had not served in a supervisory po-sition in the agency; and (II) on an annual basis to all employees of the agency who serve in supervisory posi-tions in the agency. (3) I
NFORMATION ON APPEAL RIGHTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any notice provided to an employee under section 7503(b)(1), section 7513(b)(1), or section 7543(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, shall include detailed in-formation with respect to— (i) the right of the employee to appeal an action brought under the applicable section; (ii) the forums in which the employee may file an appeal described in clause (i); and (iii) any limitations on the rights of the employee that would apply because of the forum in which the employee decides to file an appeal. (B) D
EVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION .—The in- formation described in subparagraph (A) shall be developed by the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management, in consulta-tion with the Special Counsel, the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, and the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission. (d) A
DDITIONAL WHISTLEBLOWER PROVI-
SIONS .— (1) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .—Sec- tion 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (9)(C), by inserting ‘‘(or any other component responsible for internal investigation or review)’’ after ‘‘Inspector General’’; and (ii) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (13), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iv) by inserting after paragraph (13) the following: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee or an applicant for employment as a part of, or otherwise in furtherance of, any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’; and (B) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G); and (III) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) the disclosure was made before the date on which the individual was appointed or applied for appointment to a position; or’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) If a disclosure is made during the nor-mal course of duties of an employee, the principal job function of whom is to regu-larly investigate and disclose wrongdoing (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘dis-closing employee’), the disclosure shall not be excluded from subsection (b)(8) if the dis-closing employee demonstrates that an em-ployee who has the authority to take, direct other individuals to take, recommend, or ap-prove any personnel action with respect to the disclosing employee took, failed to take, or threatened to take or fail to take a per-sonnel action with respect to the disclosing employee in reprisal for the disclosure made by the disclosing employee.’’. (2) E
XPLANATIONS FOR FAILURE TO TAKE AC -
TION.—Section 1213 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Any such report’’ and inserting ‘‘Any report required under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this subsection’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Upon receipt of any report that the head of an agency is required to submit under subsection (c), the Special Counsel shall review the report and determine wheth-er— ‘‘(A) the findings of the head of the agency appear reasonable; and ‘‘(B) if the Special Counsel requires the head of the agency to submit a supplemental report under paragraph (5), the reports sub-mitted by the head of the agency collec-tively contain the information required under subsection (d).’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘agency report received pursuant to subsection (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘report sub-mitted to the Special Counsel by the head of an agency under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this subsection’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) If, after conducting a review of a re-port under paragraph (2), the Special Counsel concludes that the Special Counsel requires additional information or documentation to determine whether the report submitted by the head of an agency is reasonable and suffi-cient, the Special Counsel may request that the head of the agency submit a supple-mental report— ‘‘(A) containing the additional information or documentation identified by the Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) that the head of the agency shall sub-mit to the Special Counsel within a period of time specified by the Special Counsel.’’. (3) TRANSFER REQUESTS DURING STAYS .— (A) P
RIORITY GRANTED .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Board grants a stay under sub-paragraph (A), the head of the agency em-ploying the employee who is the subject of the action shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (B) P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Board grants a stay under sub-section (c) and the employee who is the sub-ject of the action is in probationary status, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (4) R
ETALIATORY INVESTIGATIONS .—Section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel may petition the Board to order corrective action, including fees, costs, or damages reasonably incurred by an employee due to an investigation of the employee by an agency, if the investiga-tion by an agency was commenced, ex-panded, or extended in retaliation for a dis-closure or protected activity described in section 2302(b)(8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of section 2302(b)(9), without re-gard to whether a personnel action, as de-fined in section 2302(a)(2)(A), is taken.’’. (e) S
UICIDE BY EMPLOYEES .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered under paragraphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (B) the term ‘‘personnel action’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. (2) R
EFERRAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency re-garding the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (B), any instance in which the head of the agency has information indi-cating that an employee of the agency com-mitted suicide. (B) INFORMATION .—The circumstances de-scribed in this subparagraph are as follows: (i) Before the death of an employee de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the employee made a disclosure of information that rea-sonably evidences— (I) a violation of a law, rule, or regulation; (II) gross mismanagement; (III) a gross waste of funds; (IV) an abuse of authority; or (V) a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. (ii) After a disclosure described in clause (i), a personnel action was taken with re-spect to the employee who made the disclo-sure. (3) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— Upon receiving a referral under paragraph (2)(A), the Special Counsel shall— (A) examine whether a personnel action was taken with respect to an employee be-cause of a disclosure described in paragraph (2)(B)(i); and (B) take any action that the Special Coun-sel determines is appropriate under sub-chapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. (f) P
ROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS AS CRI-
TERIA IN PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF SYSTEMS .—Section 4302 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(b)(1) The head of each agency, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Special Counsel, shall develop criteria that— ‘‘(A) the head of the agency shall use as a critical element for establishing the job re-quirements of a supervisory employee; and ‘‘(B) promote the protection of whistle-blowers. ‘‘(2) The criteria required under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) principles for the protection of whis-tleblowers, such as the degree to which su-pervisory employees— ‘‘(i) respond constructively when employ-ees of the agency make disclosures described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 2302(b)(8); ‘‘(ii) take responsible actions to resolve the disclosures described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) foster an environment in which em-ployees of the agency feel comfortable mak-ing disclosures described in clause (i) to su-pervisory employees or other appropriate au-thorities; and ‘‘(B) for each supervisory employee— ‘‘(i) whether the agency entered into an agreement with an individual who alleged that the supervisory employee committed a prohibited personnel practice; and ‘‘(ii) if the agency entered into an agree-ment described in clause (i), the number of instances in which the agency entered into such an agreement with respect to the super-visory employee. ‘‘(3) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘agency’ means any entity the employees of which are covered under paragraphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b), with-out regard to whether any other provision of this section is applicable to the entity; ‘‘(B) the term ‘prohibited personnel prac-tice’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(C) the term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee who would be a super-visor, as defined in section 7103(a), if the agency employing the employee was an agency for purposes of chapter 71; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.141 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4558 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(D) the term ‘whistleblower’ means an employee who makes a disclosure described in section 2302(b)(8).’’. (2) C
RITERIA FOR PERFORMANCE APPRAIS -
ALS.—Section 4313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) protecting whistleblowers, as de-scribed in section 4302(b)(2).’’. (3) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON UNAC -
CEPTABLE PERFORMANCE IN WHISTLEBLOWER  
PROTECTION .— (A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘whistleblower’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 4302(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1). (B) R
EPORT .—Each agency shall annually submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and each committee of Congress with jurisdiction over the agency a report that de-tails— (i) the number of performance appraisals, for the year covered by the report, that de-termined that an employee of the agency failed to meet the standards for protecting whistleblowers that were established under section 4302(b) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1); (ii) the reasons for the determinations de-scribed in clause (i); and (iii) each performance-based or corrective action taken by the agency in response to a determination under clause (i). (4) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 4301 of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘For the purpose of’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, for the purpose of’’. (g) D
ISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON  R
ETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLEBLOWERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(2)(C), without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003); ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8) or (9) of section 2302(b) against an employee of an agency; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an em-ployee who would be a supervisor, as defined in section 7103(a), if the entity employing the employee was an agency. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the head of the agency in which a supervisor is employed, an admin-istrative law judge, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, the Special Counsel, a judge of the United States, or the Inspector Gen-eral of the agency in which a supervisor is employed has determined that the supervisor committed a prohibited personnel action, the head of the agency in which the super-visor is employed, consistent with the proce-dures required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) for the first prohibited personnel ac-tion committed by the supervisor— ‘‘(i) shall propose suspending the super-visor for a period that is not less than 3 days; and ‘‘(ii) may propose an additional action de-termined appropriate by the head of the agency, including a reduction in grade or pay; and ‘‘(B) for the second prohibited personnel action committed by the supervisor, shall propose removing the supervisor. ‘‘(2) PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an action is proposed to be taken under para-graph (1) is entitled to written notice that— ‘‘(i) states the specific reasons for the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(ii) informs the supervisor about the right of the supervisor to review the material that constitutes the factual support on which the proposed action is based. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who re-ceives notice under subparagraph (A) may, not later than 14 days after the date on which the supervisor receives the notice, submit an answer and furnish evidence in support of that answer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE FURNISHED ; INSUFFICIENT  
EVIDENCE FURNISHED .—If, after the end of the 14-day period described in clause (i), a super-visor does not furnish any evidence as de-scribed in that clause, or if the head of the agency in which the supervisor is employed determines that the evidence furnished by the supervisor is insufficient, the head of the agency shall carry out the action proposed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1), as applicable. ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—An action car-ried out under this section— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), shall be subject to the same requirements and pro-cedures, including those with respect to an appeal, as an action under section 7503, 7513, or 7543; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(I) paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 7503(b); ‘‘(II) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513; and ‘‘(III) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543. ‘‘(3) N
ON-DELEGATION .—If the head of an agency is responsible for determining wheth-er a supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action for purposes of paragraph (1), the head of the agency may not delegate that responsibility.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 7514 the following: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. (h) T
ERMINATION OF CERTAIN INVESTIGA -
TIONS BY THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .— Section 1214(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6)(A) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section, not later than 30 days after the date on which the Special Counsel receives an allegation of a prohibited per-sonnel practice under paragraph (1), the Spe-cial Counsel may terminate an investigation of the allegation without further inquiry if the Special Counsel determines that— ‘‘(i) the same allegation, based on the same set of facts and circumstances, had pre-viously been— ‘‘(I)(aa) made by the individual; and ‘‘(bb) investigated by the Special Counsel; or ‘‘(II) filed by the individual with the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(ii) the Special Counsel does not have ju-risdiction to investigate the allegation; or ‘‘(iii) the individual knew or should have known of the alleged prohibited personnel practice on or before the date that is 3 years before the date on which the Special Counsel received the allegation. ‘‘(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Special Counsel terminates an investigation under subparagraph (A), the Special Counsel shall provide a written noti-fication to the individual who submitted the allegation of a prohibited personnel practice that states the basis of the Special Counsel for terminating the investigation.’’. (i) ALLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING WITHIN  
THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1212 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel shall enter into at least 1 agreement with the Inspector General of an agency under which— ‘‘(1) the Inspector General shall— ‘‘(A) receive, review, and investigate alle-gations of prohibited personnel practices or wrongdoing filed by employees of the Office of Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) develop a method for an employee of the Office of Special Counsel to commu-nicate directly with the Inspector General; and ‘‘(2) the Special Counsel— ‘‘(A) may not require an employee of the Office of Special Counsel to seek authoriza-tion or approval before directly contacting the Inspector General in accordance with the agreement; and ‘‘(B) may reimburse the Inspector General for services provided under the agreement.’’. (j) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Section 1218 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1218. Annual report ‘‘The Special Counsel shall submit to Con-gress, on an annual basis, a report regarding the activities of the Special Counsel, which shall include, for the year preceding the sub-mission of the report— ‘‘(1) the number, types, and disposition of allegations of prohibited personnel practices filed with the Special Counsel and the costs of resolving such allegations; ‘‘(2) the number of investigations con-ducted by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(3) the number of stays and disciplinary actions negotiated with agencies by the Spe-cial Counsel; ‘‘(4) the number of subpoenas issued by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(5) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel reopened an investigation after the Special Counsel had made an initial determination with respect to the investiga-tion; ‘‘(6) the actions that resulted from reopen-ing investigations, as described in paragraph (5); ‘‘(7) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel did not make a determina-tion before the end of the 240-day period de-scribed in section 1214(b)(2)(A)(i) regarding whether there were reasonable grounds to believe that a prohibited personnel practice had occurred, existed, or was to be taken; ‘‘(8) a description of the recommendations and reports made by the Special Counsel to other agencies under this subchapter and the actions taken by the agencies as a result of the recommendations or reports; ‘‘(9) the number of— ‘‘(A) actions initiated before the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, including the num-ber of corrective action petitions and dis-ciplinary action complaints initiated; and ‘‘(B) stays and extensions of stays obtained from the Merit Systems Protection Board; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.141 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4559 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(10) the number of prohibited personnel practice complaints that resulted in a favor-able action for the complainant, other than a stay or an extension of a stay, organized by actions in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; and ‘‘(11) the number of prohibited personnel practice complaints that were resolved by an agreement between an agency and an indi-vidual, organized by agency and agency com-ponents in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; ‘‘(12) the number of corrective actions that the Special Counsel required an agency to take after a finding by the Special Counsel of a prohibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); and ‘‘(13) the results for the Office of Special Counsel of any employee viewpoint survey conducted by the Office of Personnel Man-agement or any other agency.’’. (2) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .—Section 1219(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a list of any noncriminal matters re-ferred to the head of an agency under section 1213(c), together with— ‘‘(A) a copy of the information transmitted to the head of the agency under section 1213(c)(1); ‘‘(B) any report from the agency under sec-tion 1213(c)(1)(B) relating to the matter; ‘‘(C) if appropriate, not otherwise prohib-ited by law, and consented to by the com-plainant, any comments from the complain-ant under section 1213(e)(1) relating to the matter; and ‘‘(D) the comments or recommendations of the Special Counsel under paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1213(e);’’. (3) N
OTICE OF COMPLAINT SETTLEMENTS .— Section 1217 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Special Counsel’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Special Counsel’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL REPORT REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an allegation sub-mitted to the Special Counsel is resolved by an agreement between an agency and an in-dividual, the Special Counsel shall submit to Congress and each congressional committee with jurisdiction over the agency a report re-garding the agreement. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Any report required under paragraph (1) shall identify, with respect to an agreement described in that paragraph— ‘‘(A) the agency that entered into the agreement; ‘‘(B) the position and employment location of the employee who submitted the allega-tion that formed the basis of the agreement; ‘‘(C) the position and employment location of any employee alleged by an employee de-scribed in subparagraph (B) to have com-mitted a prohibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(D) a description of the allegation de-scribed in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(E) whether the agency that entered into the agreement has agreed to pursue any dis-ciplinary action as a result of the allegation described in subparagraph (B).’’. (k) E
STABLISHMENT OF SURVEY PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of Special Counsel shall design and establish a pilot program under which the Office shall con-duct, during the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, a survey of individuals who have filed a complaint or disclosure with the Office. (2) PURPOSE .—The survey under paragraph (1) shall be designed for the purpose of col-lecting information and improving service at various stages of a review or investigation by the Office of Special Counsel. (3) R
ESULTS .—The results of the survey under paragraph (1) shall be published in the annual report of the Office of Special Coun-sel. (4) S
USPENSION OF OTHER SURVEYS .—During the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2018, section 13 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other pur-poses’’, approved October 29, 1994 (5 U.S.C. 1212 note), shall have no force or effect. (l) S
TAYS OF THE MERIT SYSTEMS PROTEC -
TION BOARD .—Section 1214(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘who was appointed, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate,’’. (m) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Special Counsel shall prescribe such regula-tions as may be necessary to perform— (A) the functions of the Special Counsel under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code, including regulations that are necessary to carry out sections 1213, 1214, and 1215 of that title; and (B) any functions of the Special Counsel that are required because of the amendments made by this section. (2) P
UBLICATION .—Any regulations pre-scribed under paragraph (1) shall be pub-lished in the Federal Register. (n) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8(a)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2022’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as though enacted on September 30, 2015. 
SA 590. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 6, strike line 9 and insert the fol-lowing: (b) D
EFINITION OF FULL-TIME EMPLOYEE .— Section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(E), by striking ‘‘by 120’’ and inserting ‘‘by 174’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)(A) by striking ‘‘30 hours’’ and inserting ‘‘40 hours’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by 
SA 591. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1269(2), strike the end period and insert the following: ‘‘, and should fully con-sider actions to reassure the Republic of Korea and Japan of the enduring commit-ment of the United States to provide its full range of defensive capabilities.’’. SA 592. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 737. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO MEDICAL RESEARCH CONDUCTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) M EDICAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 733, relating to a prohi-bition on funding and conduct of certain medical research and development projects by the Department of Defense, shall have no force or effect. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL SPECIAL INTEREST MED-
ICAL RESEARCH PROGRAMS .—Sections 891, 892, and 893, relating to limitations on the au-thority of the Secretary of Defense to enter into contracts, grants, or cooperative agree-ments for congressional special interest medical research programs under the con-gressionally directed medical research pro-gram of the Department of Defense, shall have no force or effect. 
SA 593. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INTEREST RATE LIMITATION ON DEBT ENTERED INTO DURING MILI-TARY SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR REFINANCE STUDENT LOANS IN-CURRED BEFORE MILITARY SERV-ICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 207 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 527) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘
ON DEBT  
INCURRED BEFORE SERVICE ’’ after ‘‘L IMITATION  
TO 6 PERCENT ’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION TO 6 PERCENT ON DEBT IN -
CURRED DURING SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR  
REFINANCE STUDENT LOANS INCURRED BEFORE  
SERVICE .—An obligation or liability bearing interest at a rate in excess of 6 percent per 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.141 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4560 July 27, 2017 
year that is incurred by a servicemember, or the servicemember and the servicemember’s spouse jointly, during military service to consolidate or refinance one or more student loans incurred by the servicemember before such military service shall not bear an inter-est at a rate in excess of 6 percent during the period of military service.’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF LIMITATION .—Sub- section (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the inter-est rate limitation in subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an interest rate limitation in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
EFFECTIVE AS OF DATE OF ORDER TO ACTIVE  
DUTY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ EFFECTIVE DATE ’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘in the case of an obliga-tion or liability covered by subsection (a)(1), or as of the date the servicemember (or serv-icemember and spouse jointly) incurs the ob-ligation or liability concerned under sub-section (a)(2)’’. (c) S
TUDENT LOANDEFINED .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) S
TUDENT LOAN .—The term ‘student loan’ means the following: ‘‘(A) A Federal student loan made, insured, or guaranteed under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.). ‘‘(B) A private student loan as that term is defined section 140(a) of the Truth in Lend-ing Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)).’’. 
SA 594. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. N
ELSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. C OONS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER OF EX-CELLENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAG-NOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND REHABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATING TO EXPO-SURE TO BURN PITS AND OTHER EN-VIRONMENTAL EXPOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7330C. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and reha-bilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environ-mental exposures ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall establish within the Department a cen-ter of excellence in the prevention, diag-nosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to expo-sure to burn pits and other environmental exposures to carry out the responsibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish the cen-ter of excellence under paragraph (1) through the use of— ‘‘(A) the directives and policies of the De-partment in effect as of the date of the en-actment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018; ‘‘(B) the recommendations of the Comp-troller General of the United States and In-spector General of the Department in effect as of such date; and ‘‘(C) guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense under section 313 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note). ‘‘(b) SELECTION OF SITE.—In selecting the site for the center of excellence established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider entities that— ‘‘(1) are equipped with the specialized equipment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures; ‘‘(2) have a track record of publishing in-formation relating to post-deployment health exposures among veterans who served in the Armed Forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Free-dom; ‘‘(3) have access to animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury consistent with the injuries of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who served in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Oper-ation Enduring Freedom; and ‘‘(4) have expertise in allergy, immu-nology, and pulmonary diseases. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the center of excellence collabo-rates, to the maximum extent practicable, with the Secretary of Defense, institutions of higher education, and other appropriate public and private entities (including inter-national entities) to carry out the respon-sibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The center of ex-cellence shall have the following responsibil-ities: ‘‘(1) To provide for the development, test-ing, and dissemination within the Depart-ment of best practices for the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(2) To provide guidance for the health sys-tems of the Department and the Department of Defense in determining the personnel re-quired to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(3) To establish, implement, and oversee a comprehensive program to train health pro-fessionals of the Department and the Depart-ment of Defense in the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(4) To facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term ef-fects of exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(5) To disseminate within medical facili-ties of the Department best practices for training health professionals with respect to health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(6) To conduct basic science and translational research on health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures for the purposes of understanding the etiology of such condi-tions and developing preventive interven-tions and new treatments. ‘‘(7) To provide medical treatment to vet-erans diagnosed with medical conditions spe-cific to exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(e) USE OF BURNPITSREGISTRY DATA.—In carrying out its responsibilities under sub-section (d), the center of excellence shall have access to and make use of the data ac-cumulated by the burn pits registry estab-lished under section 201 of the Dignified Bur-ial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improve-ment Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘burn pit’ means an area of land located in Afghanistan or Iraq that— ‘‘(A) is designated by the Secretary of De-fense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and ‘‘(B) does not contain a commercially man-ufactured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. ‘‘(2) The term ‘other environmental expo-sures’ means exposure to environmental haz-ards, including burn pits, dust or sand, haz-ardous materials, and waste at any site in Afghanistan or Iraq that emits smoke con-taining pollutants present in the environ-ment or smoke from fires or explosions. ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—(1) There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $4,100,000 for each of the first five fiscal years beginning after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may award additional amounts on a competitive basis to the center of excellence from the medical and pros-thetics research account of the Department for the purpose of conducting research under this section relating to clinical and sci-entific investigation.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330B the following new item: ‘‘7330C. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures.’’. 
SA 595. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. LONGITUDINAL MEDICAL STUDY ON BLAST PRESSURE EXPOSURE OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a longitudinal medical study on blast pressure exposure of members of the Armed Forces during combat and training, including members who train with high over-pressure weapons, such as anti-tank recoil-less rifles and heavy-caliber sniper rifles. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall— (1) monitor, record, and analyze data on blast pressure exposure for any member of the Armed Forces who is likely to be exposed to a blast in training or combat; (2) assess the feasibility and advisability of including blast exposure history as part of the service record of a member, as a blast ex-posure log, in order to ensure that, if med-ical issues arise later, the member receives care for any service-connected injuries; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.097 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4561 July 27, 2017 
(3) review the safety precautions sur-rounding heavy weapons training to account for emerging research on blast exposure and the effects on of such exposure on cognitive performance of members of the Armed Forces. (c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SA 596. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle J of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899D. REPORT ON DEFENSE CONTRACTING FRAUD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on defense contracting fraud. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A summary of fraud-related criminal convictions and civil judgements or settle-ments over the previous five fiscal years. (2) A listing of contractors that within the previous five fiscal years performed con-tracts for the Department of Defense and were debarred or suspended from Federal contracting based on a criminal conviction for fraud. (3) An assessment of the total value of De-partment of Defense contracts entered into during the previous five fiscal years with contractors that have been indicted for, set-tled charges of, been fined by any Federal de-partment or agency for, or been convicted of fraud in connection with any contract or other transaction entered into with the Fed-eral Government. (4) Recommendations by the Inspector General of the Department of Defense or other appropriate Department of Defense of-ficial regarding how to penalize contractors repeatedly involved in fraud in connection with contracts or other transactions entered into with the Federal Government, including an update on implementation by the Depart-ment of any previous such recommendations. 
SA 597. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle H—Outsourcing Prevention 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Defend-ing American Jobs Act’’. 
SEC. 1092. WORKFORCE DISCLOSURE REQUIRE-MENTS FOR DEFENSE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall require each contractor that enters into a contract with the Department of Defense for the procurement of property or services to provide to the Department, on an annual basis for the duration of the con-tract, the following information: (1) The number of individuals employed by the contractor in the United States. (2) The number of individuals employed by the contractor outside the United States. (3) A description of the wages and em-ployee benefits being provided to the em-ployees of the contractor in the United States. (4) A description of the wages and em-ployee benefits being provided to the em-ployees of the contractor outside the United States. (b) CERTIFICATION REGARDING LAYOFFS .— Beginning on the date that is one year after a contractor enters into a contract described under subsection (a), and annually thereafter for the duration of the contract, the con-tractor shall provide, in addition to the in-formation required under subsection (a), a written certification that contains the fol-lowing information: (1) The percentage of the workforce of the contractor employed in the United States that has been laid off or induced to resign from the contractor during the 12-month pe-riod preceding the submission of the certifi-cation. (2) The percentage of the total workforce of the contractor that has been laid off or in-duced to resign from the contractor during the 12-month period preceding the submis-sion of the certification. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON AWARDING CONTRACTS TO  D
EFENSE CONTRACTORS THAT LAYOFF A  G
REATER PERCENTAGE OF WORKERS IN THE  U
NITED STATES THAN IN OTHER COUNTRIES .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if, in the written certification provided to the Department of Defense by a contractor under subsection (b), the percentage de-scribed in paragraph (1) of such subsection is greater than the percentage described in paragraph (2) of such subsection, the con-tractor shall be ineligible for further con-tracts with the Department of Defense until the contractor provides to the Department a written certification that the number of em-ployees of the contractor in the United States is in the same proportion as, or has increased in proportion to, the number of the employees of the contractor worldwide as of the later of— (1) the date the contractor last made a cer-tification under subsection (b) concerning the contract that did not cause the con-tractor to become ineligible under this sub-section for a Department of Defense con-tract; or (2) the date on which the contractor en-tered into the contract for which the certifi-cation is being made. 
SA 598. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. MAXIMUM CONTAMINANT LEVELS FOR PERFLUORINATED COM-POUNDS. 
Section 1412(b)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–1(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
ERFLUORINATED COMPOUNDS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this subparagraph, with respect to the perfluorinated compounds perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid, the Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(i) publish a maximum contaminant level goal; and ‘‘(ii) promulgate a national primary drink-ing water regulation.’’. SA 599. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 338. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF THE TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT OF THE AD-VANCED TURBINE ENGINE ARMY MAINTENANCE OF THE ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD. 
No action may be taken to reduce the ca-pability of, or to eliminate or transfer the tools and equipment of, the Advanced Tur-bine Engine Army Maintenance (ATEAM) of the Army National Guard until the Sec-retary of Defense certifies each of the fol-lowing: (1) That Advanced Turbine Engine Army Maintenance capabilities do not result in any cost avoidance or savings to the Depart-ment of Defense. (2) That there is no existing or anticipated requirement for Advanced Turbine Engine Army Maintenance technical expertise and capabilities among any Armed Force or the militaries of United States allies (through the Foreign Military Sales program). (3) That there is no existing or anticipated requirement to support and maintain readi-ness of any unit of the Armed Forces, includ-ing Army National Guard units in the Idaho, Kansas, Minnesota, Mississippi, Montana, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Penn-sylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee, that may require the capabilities of the Ad-vanced Turbine Engine Army Maintenance for on-site repair or field support during training events or otherwise. 
SA 600. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ARMY MILITARY VALUE ANALYSIS MODEL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing (1) The Military Value Analysis model of the Army has been a key determinant for the force structure and strategic basing deci-sions of the Army in recent years. (2) The Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives have determined that a lack of transparency regarding process, metrics, and scoring on the matters covered by the Military Value Analysis model has made proper oversight of the Army by Congress far more difficult. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.097 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4562 July 27, 2017 
(c) R EPORT ON UPDATED MODEL .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an update of the Mili-tary Value Analysis model of the Army. (2) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall update the Military Value Analysis model for pur-poses of the report required by paragraph (1) following a review undertaken by the Sec-retary for purposes of the update. The review and update shall address and appropriately incorporate the following: (A) Qualitative and quantitative criteria and sub-criteria to be used for force struc-ture and strategic basing decisions, includ-ing quantitative and qualitative measures on the average daily use of, and accessibility to, maneuver training acreage. (B) Deployment criteria using a measure of the time required to deploy a unit of action from its home installation to its deployment site, including the transportation of unit personnel by military aircraft, and transpor-tation of the commonly defined set of unit equipment to its designated out-port for de-ployment. (d) S
CORING DATA FOR FORCE STRUCTURE  
ANDMAJOR BASING DECISIONS .—After making a force structure or major basing decision for the Army, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth the scoring data developed pursuant to the Military Value Analysis model of the Army with respect to each military installation considered for purposes of the decision. 
SA 601. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. DECLASSIFICATION BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF CERTAIN INCI-DENTS OF EXPOSURE OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO TOXIC SUBSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall declassify documents related to any known incident in which not fewer than 100 members of the Armed Forces were exposed to a toxic substance that resulted in at least one case of a disability that a member of the medical profession has determined to be as-sociated with that toxic substance. (b) L
IMITATION .—The declassification re-quired by subsection (a) shall be limited to information necessary for an individual who was potentially exposed to a toxic substance to determine the following: (1) Whether that individual was exposed to that toxic substance. (2) The potential severity of the exposure of that individual to that toxic substance. (3) Any potential health conditions that may have resulted from exposure to that toxic substance. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of Defense is not required to declassify documents under subsection (a) if the Secretary deter-mines that declassification of those docu-ments would materially and immediately threaten the security of the United States. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
RMED FORCES .—The term ‘‘Armed Forces’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (2) EXPOSED .—The term ‘‘exposed’’ means, with respect to a toxic substance, that an in-dividual came into contact with that toxic substance in a manner that could be haz-ardous to the health of that individual, that may include if that toxic substance was in-haled, ingested, or touched the skin or eyes. (3) E
XPOSURE .—The term ‘‘exposure’’ means, with respect to a toxic substance, an event during which an individual was ex-posed to that toxic substance. (4) T
OXIC SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘‘toxic substance’’ means any substance determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to be harmful to the envi-ronment or hazardous to the health of an in-dividual if inhaled or ingested by or absorbed through the skin of that individual. 
SA 602. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. TRANSFER OF NON-COMBAT MILITARY VEHICLES AND EQUIPMENT TO STATE AND LOCAL FIRE DEPART-MENTS UNDER FIREFIGHTER PROP-ERTY (FFP) PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall take steps to facilitate the transfer of non-combat mili-tary vehicles and equipment to State and local fire departments under the Firefighter Property (FFP) program carried out pursu-ant to section 2576b of title 10, United States Code, including by preventing the Defense Logistics Agency from implementing guid-ance categorizing such equipment as high se-curity items subject to Trade Security Con-trols and other enhanced security require-ments. 
SA 603. Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 122, strike subsection (b). 
SA 604. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. STUDY ON SCALING WATER PURIFIERS THAT USE MIXED-OXIDANT ELEC-TROLYTIC DISINFECTANT GENER-ATOR (MEDG) TECHNOLOGY FOR SMALL AND MEDIUM SHIPS. 
The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a study on the feasibility of scaling water pu-rifiers that use Mixed-Oxidant Electrolytic Disinfectant Generator (MEDG) technology for small and medium ships. 
SA 605. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCT OF FIRST-USE NUCLEAR STRIKES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the President may not use the Armed Forces of the United States to conduct a first-use nuclear strike unless such strike is conducted pursuant to a declaration of war by Congress that ex-pressly authorizes such strike. (b) F
IRST-USENUCLEAR STRIKE DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘first-use nuclear strike’’ means an attack using nuclear weap-ons against an enemy that is conducted without the President determining that the enemy has first launched a nuclear strike against the United States or an ally of the United States. 
SA 606. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON OR W80 WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAM. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense or the Depart-ment of Energy may be obligated or ex-pended for the research, development, test, and evaluation or procurement of the long- range standoff weapon or for the W80 war-head life extension program. 
SA 607. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. C ARDIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1262. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.099 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4563 July 27, 2017 
SA 608. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle ll of title ll, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ATOMIC VETERANS SERVICE MEDAL. 
(a) S ERVICE MEDAL REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall design and produce a military service medal, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Medal’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEDAL .— (1) I
SSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM -
BERS .—At the request of a radiation-exposed veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. (2) I
SSUANCE TO NEXT -OF-KIN.—In the case of a radiation-exposed veteran who is de-ceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the next-of-kin of the person. (3) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall pre-pare and disseminate as appropriate an ap-plication by which radiation-exposed vet-erans and their next-of-kin may apply to re-ceive the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. 
SA 609. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE UNITED STATES STRATEGY FOR AFGHANI-STAN AND SOUTH ASIA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is in the national security interest of the United States that Afghanistan never again serve as a sanctuary for international terrorists to conduct attacks against the United States, its allies, or its core interests; (2) to secure the national security interest of the United States in Afghanistan, the United States should pursue an integrated civil-military strategy with strategic objec-tives to— (A) deny, disrupt, degrade, and destroy the ability of terrorist groups to conduct attacks against the United States, its allies, and its core interests; (B) prevent the Taliban from using mili-tary force to overthrow the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and re-duce the Taliban’s control of the Afghan pop-ulation; (C) improve the capability and capacity of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, to the extent feasible and prac-ticable, to defeat terrorist and insurgent groups as well as to sustainably and inde-pendently provide security throughout Af-ghanistan; (D) establish security conditions in Af-ghanistan necessary to encourage and facili-tate a negotiated peace process that supports political reconciliation in Afghanistan and an eventual diplomatic resolution to the conflict in Afghanistan; and (E) forge a regional diplomatic consensus in support of the long-term stabilization of Afghanistan through integration into re-gional patterns of political, security, and economic cooperation; (3) the United States should pursue an in-tegrated civil-military strategy that would achieve United States strategic objectives by— (A) bolstering the United States counter-terrorism effort in Afghanistan by— (i) increasing the number of United States counterterrorism forces in Afghanistan; (ii) providing the United States military with status-based targeting authorities against the Taliban, the Haqqani Network, al-Qaeda, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and other terrorist groups that threaten the United States, its allies, and its core interests; and (iii) pursuing a joint agreement to secure a long-term, open-ended counterterrorism partnership between the United States and the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, which would include an endur-ing United States counterterrorism presence in Afghanistan; (B) improving the military capability and capacity of the Afghan National Security and Defense Forces (ANSDF) against the Taliban and other terrorists groups by— (i) in the short term, establishing United States military training and advisory teams at the kandak-level of each Afghan corps, and significantly increasing the availability of United States airpower and other critical combat enablers to support Afghan National Security and Defense Forces operations; and (ii) in the long term, providing sustained support to the Afghan National Security and Defense Forces as it develops and expands its own key enabling capabilities, including in-telligence, logistics, special forces, air lift, and close air support; (C) strictly conditioning further United States military, economic, and governance assistance programs for the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan upon measurable progress in achieving joint United States-Afghanistan benchmarks for implementing necessary institutional re-forms, especially those related to anti-cor-ruption, financial transparency, and the rule of law; (D) imposing graduated diplomatic, mili-tary, and economic costs on Pakistan as long as it continues to provide support and sanc-tuary to terrorist and insurgent groups, in-cluding the Taliban and the Haqqani Net-work, while simultaneously outlining the po-tential benefits of a long-term United States-Pakistan strategic partnership that could result from the cessation by Pakistan of support for all terrorist and insurgent groups and constructive role in bringing about a peaceful resolution of the conflict in Afghanistan; and (E) intensifying United States regional diplomatic efforts working through flexible frameworks for regional dialogue together with Afghanistan, Pakistan, China, India, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, and other nations to promote political reconcili-ation in Afghanistan as well as to advance regional cooperation on issues such as border security, intelligence sharing, counter-narcotics, transportation, and trade to re-duce mistrust and build confidence among regional states; and (4) the President should ensure that the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and United States military commanders have all the necessary means, based on polit-ical and security conditions on the ground in Afghanistan and unconstrained by arbitrary timelines, to carry out an integrated civil- military strategy as described in paragraphs (2) and (3), including financial resources, ci-vilian personnel, military forces and capa-bilities, and authorities. SA 610. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY TO USE ENERGY SAVINGS INVESTMENT FUND FOR ENERGY MANAGEMENT INITIATIVES. 
Section 2919(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, to the extent provided for in an appropriations Act,’’. 
SA 611. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON USE OF AREAWIDE CON-TRACTS FOR ENERGY RESILIENCE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the General Services Administra-tion and the Secretary of Energy, shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report identifying projects to increase en-ergy resiliency on military installations that could be executed under an existing areawide contract (as defined in section 41.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation). The report shall also identify recommendations to sup-port installation commanders and con-tracting officers in contracting with utility service suppliers under areawide contracts. 
SA 612. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. LIEUTENANT HENRY OSSIAN FLIPPER LEADER SHIP SCHOLARSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army shall carry out a program to be known as the ‘‘Lieutenant Henry Ossian Flipper Leadership Scholarship Program’’ under which the Secretary may provide financial assistance, in accordance with this section, to a person— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.131 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4564 July 27, 2017 
(1) who is pursuing a recognized postsec-ondary credential at a minority-serving in-stitution; and (2) who enters into an agreement with the Secretary as described in subsection (b). (b) S
ERVICE AGREEMENT FOR SCHOLARSHIP  R
ECIPIENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To receive financial as-sistance under this section— (A) a member of the Army shall enter into an agreement to serve on active duty in the Army for the period of obligated service de-termined under paragraph (2); and (B) a person who is not a member of the Army shall enter into an agreement to enlist or accept a commission in the Army and to serve on active duty in Army for the period of obligated service determined under para-graph (2). (2) P
ERIOD OF OBLIGATED SERVICE .—The pe- riod of obligated service for a recipient of fi-nancial assistance under this section shall be the period determined by the Secretary of Army as being appropriate to obtain ade-quate service in exchange for the financial assistance. The period of service required of a recipient shall be not less than the period equal to three-fourths of the total period of pursuit of a credential for which the Sec-retary agrees to provide the recipient with financial assistance under this section. The period of obligated service is in addition to any other period for which the recipient is obligated to serve on active duty. (3) T
ERMS OF AGREEMENT .—An agreement entered into under this section by a person pursuing a recognized postsecondary creden-tial shall include the following terms: (A) S
ERVICE START DATE .—The period of ob-ligated service will begin on a date after the award of the credential, as determined by the Secretary of the Army. (B) A
CADEMIC PROGRESS .—The person will maintain satisfactory academic progress, as determined by the Secretary, and that fail-ure to maintain such progress constitutes grounds for termination of the financial as-sistance for the person under this section. (C) O
THER TERMS .—Any other terms and conditions that the Secretary determines to be appropriate for carrying out this section. (c) A
MOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—The amount of the financial assistance provided for a person under this section shall be the amount deter-mined by the Secretary of the Army as being necessary to pay the person’s cost of attend-ance at the minority-serving institution. (d) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE FOR SUPPORT OF IN-
TERNSHIPS .—The financial assistance for a person under this section may also be pro-vided to support internship activities of the person at the Department of Defense in peri-ods between the academic years leading to the credential for which assistance is pro-vided the person under this section. (e) R
EPAYMENT FOR PERIOD OF UNSERVED  O
BLIGATED SERVICE .—A member of the Army who does not complete the period of active duty specified in the service agreement under subsection (b) shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37, United States Code. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) an assessment of the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the scholarship program under this section; (2) the number of scholarships that the Secretary intends to award in the academic year beginning after the date of the submis-sion of the report; and (3) a description of the Secretary’s efforts to promote the scholarship program at mi-nority-serving institutions. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COST OF ATTENDANCE .—The term ‘‘cost of attendance’’ has the meaning given the term in section 472 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 19 U.S.C. 1087ll). (2) M
INORITY -SERVING INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘minority-serving institution’’ means an institution of higher education described in section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 24 U.S.C. 1067q(a)). (3) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN -
TIAL.—The term ‘‘recognized postsecondary credential’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 5 U.S.C. 3102). 
SA 613. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle C of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may carry out a pilot program to be known as the ‘‘Cyber Workforce Develop-ment Pilot Program’’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Pilot Program’’) under which the Secretary shall provide funds, in addition to other funds that may be avail-able, for the recruitment, training, professionalization, and retention of per-sonnel in the cyber workforce of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Pilot Program shall be to assess the effectiveness of carrying out a full-scale talent manage-ment program to ensure that the cyber workforce of the Department of Defense has the capacity, in both personnel and skills, needed to effectively perform its cyber mis-sions and the kinetic missions impacted by cyber activities. (c) M
ANAGEMENT .—The Pilot Program shall be managed by the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense. (d) G
UIDANCE .—The Chief Information Offi-cer of the Department of Defense, in con-sultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense, shall issue guid-ance for the administration of the Pilot Pro-gram. Such guidance shall include provisions that— (1) identify areas of need in the cyber workforce that funds under the Pilot Pro-gram may be used to address, including— (A) changes to the types of skills needed in the cyber workforce; (B) capabilities to develop the cyber work-force and assist members of the cyber work-force in achieving qualifications and professionalization through activities such as training, education, and exchange pro-grams; (C) incentives to retain qualified, experi-enced cyber workforce personnel; and (D) incentives for attracting new, high- quality personnel to the cyber workforce; (2) describe the process under which enti-ties may submit an application to receive funds under the Pilot Program; (3) describe the evaluation criteria to be used for approving or prioritizing applica-tions for funds under the Pilot Program in any fiscal year; and (4) describe measurable objectives of per-formance for determining whether funds under the Pilot Program are being used in compliance with this section. (e) CONSIDERATIONS .—When selecting enti-ties to provide training and education serv-ices under the Pilot Program, consideration shall be given to whether the entity pro-viding such services is a Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Edu-cation (as that term is defined in section 2200e of title 10, United States Code). (f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the end of each of fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the Pilot Program, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the operation of the Pilot Pro-gram during such fiscal year. Each report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by such report, the following: (1) A description of the expenditures made under the Pilot Program (including expendi-tures following a transfer of funds under the Pilot Program to a military department or Defense Agency) in such fiscal year, includ-ing the purpose of such expenditures. (2) A description and assessment of im-provements in the Department of Defense cyber workforce resulting from such expend-itures. (3) Recommendations for additional au-thorities to fulfill the purpose of the Pilot Program. (4) A statement of the funds that remain available under the Pilot Program at the end of such fiscal year. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The Pilot Program and the annual reporting requirement under sub-section (f) shall each terminate on the date that is five years after the date on which funds are first appropriated for the Pilot Program and any funds not obligated or ex-pended under the Pilot Program on that date shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury of the United States. (h) C
YBER WORKFORCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘cyber workforce’’ means the following: (1) Personnel in positions that require the performance of cybersecurity or other cyber- related functions as so identified pursuant to the Federal Cybersecurity Workforce Assess-ment Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–113; 5 U.S.C. 301 note) . (2) Military personnel or civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense who are not described in paragraph (1) but who— (A) are assigned functions that contribute significantly to cyber operations; and (B) are designated as temporary members of the cyber workforce by the Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of Defense, or by the head of a military department or De-fense Agency, for the limited purpose of re-ceiving training for the performance of cyber-related functions. 
SA 614. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle C of title XVI, insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.132 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4565 July 27, 2017 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON PROGRESS IN CARRYING OUT ASSESSMENT OF MILITARY AND INTELLIGENCE NECESSITY AND BENEFIT OF DUAL-HAT ARRANGE-MENT FOR COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the progress of the Secretary and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in car-rying out the assessment required by section 1642(b)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). 
SA 615. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON PLAN TO STABILIZE THE AREAS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA LIBER-ATED FROM THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act the Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report that sets forth the plan of the United States to stabilize areas in Iraq and Syria that are lib-erated from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) For areas in Iraq described in sub-section (a), the following: (A) An assessment of security in such areas, and an identification of the forces that will provide post-conflict stabilization and security in the areas described in sub-section (a). (B) An assessment of the extent to which security forces trained and equipped using United States assistance are prepared— (i) to provide post-conflict stabilization and security in such areas; (ii) to support inclusive governance struc-tures in such areas; (iii) to support the return of displaced per-sons to such areas; and (iv) to defer to legitimate local authorities for governance decisions in such areas. (C) An assessment of the capacity of such security forces to operate effectively in post- conflict environments, including in the per-formance of counterterrorism operations and stabilization operations independent of United States forces. (D) An assessment of the interest and sup-port from such security forces and legiti-mate local authorities for the participation of the United States Government in post- conflict stabilization efforts, as well as the ability of the United States Government to influence stabilization outcomes in such areas. (E) A description of— (i) the responsibilities and plans of the De-partment of State in working with the Gov-ernment of Iraq and legitimate local au-thorities to re-establish essential services, promote inclusive governance structures, and support reconstitution of local econo-mies in such areas; (ii) plans for improving any gaps identified in the assessments described in subpara-graphs (A) through (D); and (iii) the resources required to execute the plans described in clause (ii), and the metrics to be used in evaluating the execution of such plans. (F) A description of the roles, responsibil-ities, and anticipated contributions of re-sources of partner nations in securing and stabilizing such areas. (2) For areas in Syria described in sub-section (a), the following: (A) An assessment of security in such areas, and an identification of the forces that will provide post-conflict stabilization and security in the areas described in sub-section (a). (B) An assessment of the extent to which security forces trained and equipped using United States assistance are prepared— (i) to provide post-conflict stabilization and security in such areas; (ii) to support inclusive governance struc-tures in such areas; (iii) to support the return of displaced per-sons to such areas; and (iv) to defer to legitimate local authorities for governance decisions in such areas. (C) An assessment of the capacity of such security forces to operate effectively in post- conflict environments, including in the per-formance of counterterrorism operations and stabilization operations independent of United States forces. (D) An assessment of the interest and sup-port from such security forces and legiti-mate local authorities for the participation of the United States Government in post- conflict stabilization efforts, as well as the ability of the United States Government to influence stabilization outcomes in such areas. (E) A description of— (i) the responsibilities and plans of the De-partment of State in working with legiti-mate local authorities to re-establish essen-tial services, promote inclusive governance structures, and support reconstitution of local economies in such areas; (ii) plans for improving any gaps identified in the assessments described in subpara-graphs (A) through (D); and (iii) the resources required to execute the plans described in clause (ii), and the metrics to be used in evaluating the execution of such plans. (F) A description of the roles, responsibil-ities, and anticipated contributions of re-sources of partner nations in securing and stabilizing such areas. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 616. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REASONABLE PRICE AGREEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If any Federal agency or any non-profit entity undertakes Federally funded health care research and development and is to convey or provide a patent for a drug, biologic, or other health care tech-nology developed through such research, such agency or entity shall not make such conveyance or provide such patent until the entity (including a non-profit entity) that will receive such patent first agrees to a rea-sonable pricing agreement with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) or the Secretary makes a determination that the public interest is served by a waiver of the reasonable pricing agreement provided in accordance with subsection (c). (b) PROHIBITION OF DISCRIMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (a), any reasonable pricing formula that is utilized shall not result in discriminatory pricing for the drug, biologic, or other health care technology involved regardless of the number of bidders involved. In carrying out this subparagraph, the Secretary shall en-sure that the Federal Government, with re-spect to the drug, biologic, or other health care technology involved, is charged an amount that is not more than the lowest amount charged to countries in the Organi-zation for Economic Co-Operation and Devel-opment for the same drug, biologic, or tech-nology, that have the largest gross domestic product with a per capita income that is not less than half the per capita income of the United States. (2) D
ISCRIMINATORY PRICING .—For the pur-poses of paragraph (1), a cost based reason-able pricing formula that is utilized shall be considered to result in discriminatory pric-ing if the contract for sale of the drug, bio-logic, or other health care technology places a limit on supply, or employs any other measure, that has the effect of— (A) providing access to such drug, biologic, or technology on terms or conditions that are less favorable than the terms or condi-tions provided to a foreign purchaser (other than a charitable or humanitarian organiza-tion) of the drug, biologic, or technology; or (B) restricting access to the drug, biologic, or technology under this section. (c) W
AIVER .—No waiver shall take effect under subsection (a) before the public is given notice of the proposed waiver and pro-vided a reasonable opportunity to comment on the proposed waiver. A decision to grant a waiver shall set out the Secretary’s finding that such a waiver is in the public interest. 
SA 617. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Community Health Center and Primary Care Workforce Expansion Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. l02. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10503(b)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b- 2(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $5,110,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(G) $5,410,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(H) $5,790,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(I) $6,620,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(J) $7,510,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(K) $8,460,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(L) $9,490,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.132 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4566 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(M) $10,590,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(N) $11,780,000,000 for fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(O) $12,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2027; and ‘‘(P) for fiscal year 2028, and each subse-quent fiscal year, the amount appropriated for the preceding fiscal year adjusted by the product of— ‘‘(i) one plus the average percentage in-crease in costs incurred per patient served; and ‘‘(ii) one plus the average percentage in-crease in the total number of patients served.’’. (b) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—In addition to amounts otherwise appropriated under sec-tion 10503(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b- 2(b)(1)), there is authorized to be appropriated, and there is appropriated, for the community health centers program under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b) for capital projects, $18,600,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. (c) L
IMITATION .—Amounts otherwise appro-priated for community health centers may not be reduced as a result of the appropria-tions made under this section. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts ap-propriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SEC. l03. NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10503(b)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b- 2(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $850,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(G) $893,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(H) $938,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(I) $985,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(J) $1,030,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(K) $1,090,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(L) $1,100,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(M) $1,200,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(N) $1,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(O) $1,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2027; and ‘‘(P) for fiscal year 2028, and each subse-quent fiscal year, the amount appropriated for the preceding fiscal year adjusted by the product of— ‘‘(i) one plus the average percentage in-crease in the costs of health professions edu-cation during the prior fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) one plus the average percentage change in the number of individuals residing in health professions shortage areas des-ignated under section 333 of the Public Health Service Act during the prior fiscal year, relative to the number of individuals residing in such areas during the previous fiscal year.’’. (b) L
IMITATION .—Amounts otherwise appro-priated for National Health Service Corps may not be reduced as a result of the appro-priations made under this section. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts ap-propriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SEC. l04. TEACHING HEALTH CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 340H(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h(g)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2015 and’’ and inserting ‘‘2015,’’; and (2) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, $176,000,000 for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, $184,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, $194,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, $203,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, $214,000,000 for fiscal year 2023, $224,000,000 for fiscal year 2024, $235,000,000 for fiscal year 2025, $247,000,000 for fiscal year 2026, $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2027, and for fiscal year 2028, and each subsequent fiscal year, the amount appropriated for the pre-ceding fiscal year adjusted by the greater of the annual percentage increase in the med-ical care component of the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) as rounded up in an appropriate man-ner, or the percentage increase for the fiscal year involved under section 2(a)(11).’’. (b) LIMITATION .—Amounts otherwise appro-priated for Teaching Health Centers may not be reduced as a result of the appropriations made under this section. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts ap-propriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SEC. l05. NURSE PRACTITIONER RESIDENCY TRAINING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5316 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by striking subsection (i) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) A
PPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise appropriated, there is au-thorized to be appropriated, and there is ap-propriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $35,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(4) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(5) $55,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(6) $60,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(7) $65,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(8) $70,000,000 for fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(9) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(10) $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2027; and ‘‘(11) for fiscal year 2028, and each subse-quent fiscal year, the amount appropriated for the preceding fiscal year adjusted by the greater of the annual percentage increase in the medical care component of the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city average) as rounded up in an appro-priate manner, or the percentage increase for the fiscal year involved under section 10503(b)(1)(P) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.’’. (b) L
IMITATION .—Amounts otherwise appro-priated for Nurse Practitioner Residency Training Programs may not be reduced as a result of the appropriations made under this section. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts ap-propriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 618. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONDITIONS ON AWARD OF DRUG EX-CLUSIVITY. 
Subchapter E of chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 569D. CONDITIONS ON AWARD OF DRUG EX-CLUSIVITY. 
‘‘(a) T ERMINATION OF EXCLUSIVITY .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this Act, any period of exclusivity described in sub-section (b) granted to a person or assigned to a person on or after the date of enactment of this section with respect to a drug shall be terminated if the person to which such ex-clusivity was granted or any person to which such exclusivity is assigned commits a viola-tion described in subsection (c)(1) with re-spect to such drug. ‘‘(b) E
XCLUSIVITIES AFFECTED .—The periods of exclusivity described in this subsection are those periods of exclusivity granted under any of the following sections: ‘‘(1) Clause (ii), (iii), or (iv) of section 505(c)(3)(E). ‘‘(2) Clause (iv) of section 505(j)(5)(B). ‘‘(3) Clause (ii), (iii), or (iv) of section 505(j)(5)(F). ‘‘(4) Section 505A. ‘‘(5) Section 505E. ‘‘(6) Section 527. ‘‘(7) Section 351(k)(7) of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(8) Any other provision of this Act that provides for market exclusivity (or extension of market exclusivity) with respect to a drug. ‘‘(c) VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A violation described in this subsection is a violation of a law de-scribed in paragraph (2) that results in— ‘‘(A) a criminal conviction of a person de-scribed in subsection (a); ‘‘(B) a civil judgment against a person de-scribed in subsection (a); or ‘‘(C) a settlement agreement in which a person described in subsection (a) admits to fault. ‘‘(2) L
AWS DESCRIBED .—The laws described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) The provisions of this Act that pro-hibit— ‘‘(i) the adulteration or misbranding of a drug; ‘‘(ii) the making of false statements to the Secretary or committing fraud; or ‘‘(iii) the illegal marketing of a drug. ‘‘(B) The provisions of subchapter III of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘False Claims Act’). ‘‘(C) Section 287 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(D) The Medicare and Medicaid Patient Protection and Program Act of 1987 (com-monly known as the ‘Antikickback Stat-ute’). ‘‘(E) Section 1927 of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(F) A State law against fraud comparable to a law described in subparagraphs (A) through (E). ‘‘(d) D
ATE OF EXCLUSIVITY TERMINATION .— The date on which the exclusivity shall be terminated as described in subsection (a) is the date on which, as applicable— ‘‘(1) a final judgment is entered relating to a violation described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (c)(1); or ‘‘(2)(A) a settlement agreement described in subsection (c)(1)(C) is approved by a court order that is or becomes final and nonappeal-able; or ‘‘(B) if there is no court order approving a settlement agreement described in sub-section (c)(1)(C), a court order dismissing the applicable case, issued after the settlement agreement, is or becomes final and non-appealable. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING OF INFORMATION .—A person described in subsection (a) that commits a violation described in subsection (c)(1) shall report such violation to the Secretary no later than 30 days after the date that— ‘‘(1) a final judgment is entered relating to a violation described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (c)(1); or ‘‘(2)(A) a settlement agreement described in subsection (c)(1)(C) is approved by a court order that is or becomes final and nonappeal-able; or ‘‘(B) if there is no court order approving a settlement agreement described in sub-section (c)(1)(C), a court order dismissing the applicable case, issued after the settlement agreement, is or becomes final and non-appealable.’’. 
SA 619. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.149 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4567 July 27, 2017 
reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DENTAL CLINICS IN SCHOOLS. 
Part Q of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280h et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 399Z–3. DENTAL CLINICS IN SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants to qualified entities for the purpose of funding the building, operation, or expansion of dental clinics in schools. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFIED ENTITIES .—To receive a grant under this section, a qualified entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An entity receiving a grant under this section shall— ‘‘(1) provide comprehensive oral health services at a dental clinic based at a school, including oral health education, oral screen-ing, fluoride application, prophylaxis, sealants, and basic restorative services; ‘‘(2) develop a coordinated system of care by referring patients to an available quali-fied oral health provider in the community for any required oral health services not pro-vided in the dental clinic in the school, in-cluding restorative services, to ensure that all the oral health needs of students are met; and ‘‘(3) maintain clinic hours that extend be-yond school hours. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For purposes of carrying out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’. 
SA 620. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 112 and insert the following: 
SEC. 112. REPEAL OF MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902 (42 U.S.C. 1396a)— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A)— (i) in clause (i)(VIII), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; (ii) in clause (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; and (iii) in clause (ii), by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(XXIII) beginning January 1, 2018, who are grandfathered expansion enrollees (as de-fined in subsection (nn)(1));’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(nn) G
RANDFATHERED EXPANSION ENROLL -
EES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this title, the term ‘grandfathered expansion enrollee’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who is under 65 years of age; ‘‘(B) who is not pregnant; ‘‘(C) who is not entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII, or en-rolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII; ‘‘(D) who is not described in any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i); ‘‘(E) whose income (as determined under subsection (e)(14)) does not exceed 133 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; and ‘‘(F) was enrolled under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan) as of December 31, 2017. ‘‘(2) STATE OPTION TO LIMIT ELIGIBILITY .—A State may deem an individual who is a grandfathered expansion enrollee to no longer be a grandfathered expansion enrollee if, after December 31, 2017, such individual has a break in eligibility for medical assist-ance under the State plan under this title for such a period of time as the State may speci-fy (but which shall in no case be less than 6 months). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION OF RELATED PROVISIONS .— Any reference in subsection (a)(10)(G), (k), or (gg) of this section or in section 1903, 1905(a), 1920(e), or 1937(a)(1)(B) to individuals de-scribed in subclause (VIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i) shall be deemed to include a ref-erence to grandfathered expansion enroll-ees.’’; and (2) in section 1905 (42 U.S.C. 1396d)— (A) in subsection (y)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and that has elected to cover newly eligible individuals before March 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘that is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘shall be equal to’’ and in-serting ‘‘who, for periods after December 31, 2019, are grandfathered expansion enrollees (as defined in section 1902(nn)(1)), shall be equal to the higher of the percentage other-wise determined for the State and year under subsection (b) (without regard to this sub-section) and’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (E) and in-serting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) 90 percent for calendar quarters in 2020; ‘‘(F) 85 percent for calendar quarters in 2021; ‘‘(G) 80 percent for calendar quarters in 2022; and ‘‘(H) 75 percent for calendar quarters in 2023.’’; and (B) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘through 2023’’ after ‘‘each year thereafter’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘shall be equal to’’ and in-serting ‘‘and for periods after December 31, 2019 and before January 1, 2024, who are grandfathered expansion enrollees (as de-fined in section 1902(nn)(1)) shall be equal to the higher of the percentage otherwise deter-mined for the State and year under sub-section (b) (without regard to this sub-section) and’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (I) in subclause (III), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking subclauses (IV), (V), and (VI) and inserting the following new sub-clause: ‘‘(IV) 2017 and each subsequent year through 2023 is 80 percent.’’. (b) T
EMPORARY INCREASE TO PERCAPITA  C
APS.—Section 1903A(c) of the Social Secu-rity Act, as added by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) I
NCREASE TO STATE EXPENDITURES TAR -
GETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2020 through 2026, in determining the target total medical assistance expenditures for a State and fiscal year under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall increase, by the amount determined for the State and year under sub-paragraph (B), the sum of the products, for each of the 1903A enrollee categories (as de-fined in subsection (e)(2)) except for the cat-egory described in subsection (e)(2)(D), of the target per capita medical assistance expendi-tures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the en-rollee category, State, and fiscal year, and the number of 1903A enrollees for such en-rollee category, State, and fiscal year, as de-termined under subsection (e)(4). ‘‘(B) ADJUSTMENT .—The amount deter-mined under this subparagraph for a State and year shall be equal to the annual in-crease amount for the year (as defined in subparagraph (C)) multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the average monthly number of indi-viduals enrolled in the State plan under this title (including, if applicable, individuals en-rolled in a Medicaid Flexibility Program conducted by the State under section 1903B but excluding any individual enrolled under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XXIII)) for the pre-vious fiscal year; to ‘‘(ii) the sum of the average monthly num-bers of individuals enrolled in a State plan under this title (including, if applicable, in-dividuals enrolled in a Medicaid Flexibility Program conducted by a State under section 1903B but excluding any individual enrolled under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XXIII)) for the previous fiscal year for all States. ‘‘(C) A
NNUAL INCREASE AMOUNT .—In this paragraph, the term ‘annual increase amount’ means, with respect to a fiscal year during the period described in subparagraph (A), an amount equal to the total amount of additional Federal payments which would have been made for medical assistance pro-vided to individuals under subclause (XXIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii) for such fiscal year if the requirement described in section 1902(nn)(1)(F) (relating to enrollment as of December 31, 2017) did not apply (as deter-mined by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget). ‘‘(D) D
ISREGARD OF INCREASE .—Any adjust-ment under this paragraph to target total medical assistance expenditures for a State and fiscal year shall be disregarded when de-termining the target total medical assist-ance expenditures for such State for a suc-ceeding year under paragraph (1).’’. (c) E
XPANSION REPEAL SAVINGS PAY-
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make a payment to each State in the amount determined for the State under para-graph (3). (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A State shall use any payment received under this section to fi-nance the non-Federal share of expenditures under the State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) which are not attributable to medical assist-ance provided to individuals under subclause (XXIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii) of such Act for the year in which such payment is re-ceived. (B) N
ONAPPLICATION OF RESTRICTIONS .—Any provision of law restricting the use of Fed-eral funds for the purpose described in sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to payments made to States under this subsection. (3) P
AYMENT AMOUNTS .—The amount of a payment determined under this paragraph for a State shall be equal to the product of— (A) the amount appropriated under para-graph (4); and (B) the ratio of— (i) the average monthly number of individ-uals enrolled in the State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) for calendar year 2016, excluding any individuals enrolled under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) of such Act; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.149 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4568 July 27, 2017 
(ii) the sum of the average monthly num-bers of individuals enrolled in State plans under such title XIX for calendar year 2016 for all States, excluding any individuals en-rolled under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) of such Act. (4) A
PPROPRIATION .—For the purpose of carrying out this subsection, there is appro-priated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for fiscal year 2018 to re-main available until expended, an amount equal to the total amount of additional Fed-eral payments which would have been made for medical assistance provided to individ-uals under subclause (XXIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(ii)) for the period beginning on January 1, 2018 and ending on September 30, 2019, if the requirement de-scribed in section 1902(nn)(1)(F) of such Act (relating to enrollment as of December 31, 2017) did not apply (as determined by the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget). (d) S
UNSET OF ESSENTIAL HEALTH BENEFITS  R
EQUIREMENT .—Section 1937(b)(5) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u–7(b)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after De-cember 31, 2019.’’. 
SA 621. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. llll. AUTHORIZATION OF PHYSICAL THERAPIST ASSISTANTS AND OCCU-PATIONAL THERAPY ASSISTANTS TO PROVIDE SERVICES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) A DDITION TO LIST OF AUTHORIZED PRO-
FESSIONAL PROVIDERS OF CARE.—The Sec- retary of Defense shall revise section 199.6(c) of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, to add to the list of individual profes-sional providers of care who are authorized to provide services to beneficiaries under the TRICARE program, as defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code, the following types of health care practitioners: (1) Licensed or certified physical therapist assistants who meet the qualifications for physical therapist assistants specified in sec-tion 484.4 of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation, to furnish services under the supervision of a physical therapist. (2) Licensed or certified occupational ther-apy assistants who meet the qualifications for occupational therapy assistants specified in such section 484.4, or any successor regu-lation, to furnish services under the super-vision of an occupational therapist. (b) S
UPERVISION .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish in regulations requirements for the supervision of physical therapist as-sistants and occupational therapy assistants, respectively, by physical therapists and oc-cupational therapists, respectively. (c) M
ANUALS AND OTHER GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall update the CHAMPVA Policy Manual and other rel-evant manuals and subregulatory guidance of the Department of Defense to carry out the revisions and requirements of this sec-tion. SA 622. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XIV, add the following: 
SEC. 1433. AUTHORITY OF CHIEF OPERATING OF-FICER OF THE ARMED FORCES RE-TIREMENT HOME TO ACQUIRE AND LEASE PROPERTY. 
(a) A CQUISITION OF PROPERTY .—Subsection (e) of section 1511 of the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 411) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense may acquire,’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Operating Of-ficer may acquire,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Secretary may acquire’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Operating Officer may acquire’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense de-termines’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Operating Of-ficer determines’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Secretary shall dispose’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Operating Officer shall dispose’’. (b) L
EASING OF NONEXCESS PROPERTY .— Subsection (i) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense (act-ing on behalf of the Chief Operating Officer)’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Operating Officer’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘as the Secretary con-siders’’ and inserting ‘‘(subject to paragraph (7)) as the Chief Operating Officer con-siders’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary of Defense may not enter into the lease on behalf of the Chief Operating Offi-cer’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Operating Offi-cer may not enter into the lease’’; (3) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Op-erating Officer’’; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing new paragraph (7): ‘‘(7) A lease under this subsection may not be entered into until the terms of the lease are approved by the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SA 623. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle ll of title ll, add the following new section: 
SEC. lll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may carry out a pilot program to be known as the ‘‘Cyber Workforce Develop-ment Pilot Program’’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Pilot Program’’) under which the Secretary shall provide funds, in addition to other funds that may be avail-able, for the recruitment, training, professionalization, and retention of per-sonnel in the cyber workforce of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Pilot Program shall be to assess the effectiveness of carrying out a full-scale talent manage-ment program to ensure that the cyber workforce of the Department of Defense has the capacity, in both personnel and skills, needed to effectively perform its cyber mis-sions and the kinetic missions affected by cyber activities. (c) M
ANAGEMENT .—The Pilot Program shall be managed by the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense. (d) G
UIDANCE .—The Chief Information Offi-cer, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense, shall issue guidance for the administration of the Pilot Program. Such guidance shall include provisions that— (1) identify areas of need in the cyber workforce that funds under the Pilot Pro-gram may be used to address, including— (A) changes to the types of skills needed in the cyber workforce; (B) capabilities to develop the cyber work-force and assist members of the cyber work-force in achieving qualifications and professionalization through activities such as training, education, and exchange pro-grams; (C) incentives to retain qualified, experi-enced cyber workforce personnel; and (D) incentives for attracting new, high- quality personnel to the cyber workforce; (2) describe the process under which enti-ties may submit an application to receive funds under the Pilot Program; (3) describe the evaluation criteria to be used for approving or prioritizing applica-tions for funds under the Pilot Program in any fiscal year; and (4) describe measurable objectives of per-formance for determining whether funds under the Pilot Program are being used in compliance with this section. (e) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—When selecting enti-ties to provide training and education serv-ices under the Pilot Program, consideration shall be given to whether the entity pro-viding such services is a Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Edu-cation (as that term is defined in section 2200e of title 10, United States Code). (f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the Pilot Program, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the operation of the Pilot Program during such fiscal year. Each report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by such report, the following: (1) A description of the expenditures made under the Pilot Program (including expendi-tures following a transfer of funds under the Pilot Program to a military department or Defense Agency) in such fiscal year, includ-ing the purpose of such expenditures. (2) A description and assessment of im-provements in the Department of Defense cyber workforce resulting from such expend-itures. (3) Recommendations for additional au-thorities to fulfill the purpose of the Pilot Program. (4) A statement of the funds that remain available under the Pilot Program at the end of such fiscal year. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The Pilot Program and the annual reporting requirement under sub-section (f) shall each terminate on the date that is five years after the date on which funds are first appropriated for the Pilot Program and any funds not obligated or ex-pended under the Pilot Program on that date 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.149 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4569 July 27, 2017 
shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury of the United States. (h) C
YBER WORKFORCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘cyber workforce’’ means the following: (1) Personnel in positions that require the performance of cybersecurity or other cyber- related functions as so identified pursuant to the Federal Cybersecurity Workforce Assess-ment Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–113; 5 U.S.C. 301 note). (2) Military personnel or civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense who are not described in paragraph (1) but who— (A) are assigned functions that contribute significantly to cyber operations; and (B) are designated as temporary members of the cyber workforce by the Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of Defense, or by the head of a military department or De-fense Agency, for the limited purpose of re-ceiving training for the performance of cyber-related functions. 
SA 624. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page ll, between lines ll and ll, insert the following: (3) affect the integrity or outcome of United States elections at any level, includ-ing at the Federal, State, and local levels; 
SA 625. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle H—Outsourcing Prevention 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Defend-ing American Jobs Act’’. 
SEC. 1092. WORKFORCE DISCLOSURE REQUIRE-MENTS FOR DEFENSE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall require each contractor that enters into a contract with the Department of Defense for the procurement of property or services to provide to the Department, on an annual basis for the duration of the con-tract, the following information: (1) The number of individuals employed by the contractor in the United States. (2) The number of individuals employed by the contractor outside the United States. (3) A description of the wages and em-ployee benefits being provided to the em-ployees of the contractor in the United States. (4) A description of the wages and em-ployee benefits being provided to the em-ployees of the contractor outside the United States. (b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING LAYOFFS .— Beginning on the date that is one year after a contractor enters into a contract described under subsection (a), and annually thereafter for the duration of the contract, the con-tractor shall provide, in addition to the in-formation required under subsection (a), a written certification that contains the fol-lowing information: (1) The percentage of the workforce of the contractor employed in the United States that has been laid off or induced to resign from the contractor during the 12-month pe-riod preceding the submission of the certifi-cation. (2) The percentage of the total workforce of the contractor that has been laid off or in-duced to resign from the contractor during the 12-month period preceding the submis-sion of the certification. (c) PROHIBITION ON AWARDING CONTRACTS TO  D
EFENSE CONTRACTORS THAT LAYOFF A  G
REATER PERCENTAGE OF WORKERS IN THE  U
NITED STATES THAN IN OTHER COUNTRIES .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if, in the written certification provided to the Department of Defense by a contractor under subsection (b), the percentage de-scribed in paragraph (1) of such subsection is greater than the percentage described in paragraph (2) of such subsection, the con-tractor shall be ineligible for further con-tracts with the Department of Defense until the contractor provides to the Department a written certification that the number of em-ployees of the contractor in the United States is in the same proportion as, or has increased in proportion to, the number of the employees of the contractor worldwide as of the later of— (1) the date the contractor last made a cer-tification under subsection (b) concerning the contract that did not cause the con-tractor to become ineligible under this sub-section for a Department of Defense con-tract; or (2) the date on which the contractor en-tered into the contract for which the certifi-cation is being made. 
SA 626. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON DEFENSE CONTRACTING FRAUD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on defense contracting fraud. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A summary of fraud-related criminal convictions and civil judgements or settle-ments over the previous five fiscal years. (2) A listing of contractors that within the previous five fiscal years performed con-tracts for the Department of Defense and were debarred or suspended from Federal contracting based on a criminal conviction for fraud. (3) An assessment of the total value of De-partment of Defense contracts entered into during the previous five fiscal years with contractors that have been indicted for, set-tled charges of, been fined by any Federal de-partment or agency for, or been convicted of fraud in connection with any contract or other transaction entered into with the Fed-eral Government. (4) Recommendations by the Inspector General of the Department of Defense or other appropriate Department of Defense of-ficial regarding how to penalize contractors repeatedly involved in fraud in connection with contracts or other transactions entered into with the Federal Government, including an update on implementation by the Depart-ment of any previous such recommendations. SA 627. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STRIKING PROVISIONS THAT NEGA-TIVELY IMPACT THE ACCESSIBILITY AND AFFORDABILITY OF PEDIATRIC DENTAL SERVICES. 
Any provision of this Act shall be null and void and of no effect if such provision would— (1) eliminate, limit access to, or reduce the affordability of pediatric dental services by repealing all or parts of the Affordable Care Act, block granting or imposing per capita caps on the Medicaid program; or (2) otherwise negatively impact children’s access to coverage for such services. 
SA 628. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. TO STRIKE PROVISIONS THAT WOULD ELIMINATE OR REDUCE CONSUMER PROTECTIONS PROVIDED BY THE PATIENT’S BILL OF RIGHTS UNDER PPACA. 
Any provision of this Act shall be null and void and of no effect if such provision would eliminate or reduce the consumer protec-tions provided by the Patient’s Bill of Rights under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including— (1) the ban on health plans discriminating against adults and children with pre-existing conditions, dropping coverage, limiting cov-erage under a health plan, limiting choice of doctors, or restricting emergency room care; (2) the guarantee of a health plan enroll-ee’s right to appeal; (3) coverage of young adults under their parent’s health plans; and (4) coverage under a health plan of preven-tive care with no cost-sharing. 
SA 629. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD DESTABILIZE THE INDIVIDUAL HEALTH INSUR-ANCE MARKET IN 2018. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would destabilize the in-dividual health insurance market in 2018. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.150 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4570 July 27, 2017 
only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 630. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD INCREASE MED-ICAL BANKRUPTCIES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase the num-ber of medical bankruptcies in the United States. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 631. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD DECREASE AC-CESS TO MEDICATION ASSISTED TREATMENT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would decrease access to medication assisted treatment. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 632. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 820, line 14, insert ‘‘, cost of backup power,’’ after ‘‘energy security’’. 
SA 633. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATION OF STATUS OF TRANSGENDER MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No action described in subsection (b) may be taken with respect to transgender members of the Armed Forces until 60 days after the date of the submittal to Congress of a report on the six-month re-view being conducted by the Secretary of De-fense in order to evaluate the impact of ac-cessions of transgender individuals into the Armed Forces on readiness and lethality that will include all relevant considerations. (b) A
CTIONS .—An action described in this subsection with respect to transgender mem-bers of the Armed Forces is any of the fol-lowing in connection with the nature of such members as transgender individuals: (1) A modification of service status in the Armed Forces (other than through the nor-mal expiration of service commitment or pursuant to a sentence of court-martial or administrative board action). (2) A modification of current entitlement or eligibility for health care benefits as a member of the Armed Forces, or of the scope or nature of benefits to which entitled or eli-gible. (3) Any change of responsibility or position (other than through promotion or routine re-assignment or deployment). 
SA 634. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. RECOGNITION OF THE NATIONAL MU-SEUM OF WORLD WAR II AVIATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) World War II was one of the most con-sequential events in the history of the United States, and it represents a time of moral clarity and common purpose that con-tinues to inspire people in the United States. (2) The courage, bravery, and heroism of United States aviators played a critical role in the success of the United States during World War II. (3) The National Museum of World War II Aviation in Colorado Springs, Colorado, is the only museum in the United States that exists exclusively to preserve and advance education on the role of aviation in winning World War II. (4) The National Museum of World War II Aviation celebrates the spirit of the United States, recognizing the teamwork, collabora-tion, patriotism, and courage of the men and women who fought in the war abroad, as well as those who mobilized and supported the na-tional aviation effort on the homefront. (b) R
ECOGNITION .—The National Museum of World War II Aviation in Colorado Springs, Colorado, is recognized as America’s Na-tional World War II Aviation Museum. (c) EFFECT OF RECOGNITION .—The National Museum recognized by this section is not a unit of the National Park System, and the recognition of the National Museum shall not be construed to require or permit Fed-eral funds to be expended for any purpose re-lated to the National Museum. 
SA 635. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1606 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1606. LAUNCH SUPPORT AND INFRASTRUC-TURE MODERNIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In support of the policy outlined in section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program to modernize infrastruc-ture and improve support activities for proc-essing and launch of United States national security space missions from Federal ranges. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The program required by this section shall include— (1) investments in infrastructure to im-prove operations at ranges in the United States that launch national security space missions that may benefit all users, to en-hance the overall capabilities of those ranges, to improve safety, and to reduce the long-term cost of operations and mainte-nance; (2) measures to normalize processes, sys-tems, and products across the ranges de-scribed in paragraph (1) to minimize the bur-den on launch providers; and (3) improvements in transparency, flexi-bility, and responsiveness for launch sched-uling. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the program required by this section, the Sec-retary should consult with current and an-ticipated users of ranges in the United States that launch national security space missions. (d) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary should consider partner-ships authorized under section 2276 of title 10, United States Code. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the plan for the implementation of the launch support and infrastructure mod-ernization program at ranges in the United States that launch national security space missions. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of plans and the resources needed to improve launch support infrastruc-ture, utilities, support equipment, and range operations; (B) a description of plans to streamline and normalize processes, systems, and products at ranges described in paragraph (1) to en-sure consistency for range users; and (C) recommendations for improving trans-parency, flexibility, and responsiveness in launch scheduling. 
SA 636. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.133 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4571 July 27, 2017 
activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1003 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CERTIFICATIONS ON RELIABILITY OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS, DE-FENSE AGENCIES, AND OTHER OR-GANIZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Not later than September 30, 2017, and each year there-after, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the congressional defense committees whether or not the full financial statements of the Department of Defense are reliable as of the date of such certification. (b) M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS , D EFENSE  A
GENCIES , AND OTHER ORGANIZATIONS AND  E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2017, and each year thereafter, each Sec-retary of a military department, each head of a Defense Agency, and each head of any other organization or element of the Depart-ment of Defense designated by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this subsection shall certify to the congressional defense committees whether or not the full financial statements of the military department, the Defense Agency, or the organization or ele-ment concerned became reliable during the fiscal year in which such certification is to be submitted. (2) T
RANSMITTAL THROUGH SECRETARY OF  
DEFENSE .—The individual certifications re-quired by this subsection shall be trans-mitted to the congressional defense commit-tees collectively by the Secretary under pro-cedures established by the Secretary for pur-poses of this subsection. (c) T
ERMINATION ON RECEIPT OF UNMODIFIED  A
UDIT OPINION ON FULL FINANCIAL STATE -
MENTS .—A certification is no longer required under subsection (a) or (b) with respect to the Department of Defense, or a military de-partment, Defense Agency, or organization or element of the Department, as applicable, after the Department of Defense or such military department, Defense Agency, or or-ganization or element receives an unmodi-fied audit opinion on its full financial state-ments. 
SEC. lll. STREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH AUDITS AND THE RELIABILITY OF THE FINAN-CIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF LIMITATION ON INSPECTOR  G
ENERAL CONDUCT OF AUDIT OF UNRELIABLE  F
INANCIAL STATEMENTS .—Section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2002 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking subseciton (d). (b) C
ESSATION OF APPLICABILITY OF FINAN-
CIAL IMPROVEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS  P
LAN REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1003 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) C
ESSATION OF APPLICABILITY .—This section and the requirements of this section shall cease to be effective on the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth a certification that the fi-nancial statements of each department, agency, activity, and other component of the Department of Defense are under audit.’’. SEC. lll. RANKINGS OF AUDITABILITY OF FI-NANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE OR-GANIZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, the Secretary of Defense shall, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller), submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth a ranking of the auditability of the fi-nancial statements of the departments, agencies, organizations, and elements of the Department of Defense according to the progress made toward achieving auditability as required by law. The Under Secretary shall determine the criteria to be used for purposes of the rankings. 
SA 637. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TRANSPORTATION ON MILITARY AIR-CRAFT ON A SPACE-AVAILABLE BASIS FOR DISABLED VETERANS WITH A SERVICE-CONNECTED, PER-MANENT DISABILITY RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF TRANSPORTATION .— Section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL PRIORITY FOR CERTAIN DIS-
ABLED VETERANS .—(1) The Secretary of De-fense shall provide transportation on sched-uled and unscheduled military flights within the continental United States and on sched-uled overseas flights operated by the Air Mo-bility Command on a space-available basis for any veteran with a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding subsection (d)(1), in establishing space-available transportation priorities under the travel program, the Sec-retary shall provide transportation under paragraph (1) on the same basis as such transportation is provided to members of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(3) The requirement to provide transpor-tation on Department of Defense aircraft on a space-available basis on the priority basis described in paragraph (2) to veterans cov-ered by this subsection applies whether or not the travel program is established under this section. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the terms ‘veteran’ and ‘service-connected’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of title 38.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (f) of sec-tion 2641b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(2) of this section, shall take effect at the end of the 90-day pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 638. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. DETERMINATION OF CERTAIN SERV-ICE IN PHILIPPINES DURING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs and such military historians as the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate, shall establish a process to determine whether a covered individual served as de-scribed in subsection (a) or (b) of section 107 of title 38, United States Code, for purposes of determining whether such covered indi-vidual is eligible for benefits described in such subsections. (b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of this section, a covered individual is any indi-vidual who— (1) claims service described in subsection (a) or (b) of section 107 of title 38, United States Code; and (2) is not included in the Approved Revised Reconstructed Guerilla Roster of 1948, known as the ‘‘Missouri List’’. 
SA 639. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR CER-TAIN MILITARY RETIREES WITH COMPENSABLE SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CONCURRENT RECEIPT AU-
THORITY TO RETIREES WITH SERVICE -CON-
NECTED DISABILITIES RATED LESS THAN 50 P
ERCENT .—Section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking para-graph (2) of subsection (a). (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of section 1414 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: concurrent payment of re-tired pay and disability compensation’’. (2) The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: con-current payment of retired pay and disability compensation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2018, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. lll. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  P
ROVISIONS .— (1) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—Subsection (a) of section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section lll(a), is amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.151 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4572 July 27, 2017 
(A) by striking ‘‘a member or’’ and all that follows through ‘‘retiree’)’’ and inserting ‘‘a qualified retiree’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—For purposes of this section, a qualified retiree, with respect to any month, is a member or former mem-ber of the uniformed services who— ‘‘(A) is entitled to retired pay (other than by reason of section 12731b of this title); and ‘‘(B) is also entitled for that month to vet-erans’ disability compensation.’’. (2) D
ISABILITY RETIREES .—Paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of section 1414 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re- tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or ‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2018, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 640. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 583. STRATEGY ON TRANSITION OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS IN UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS TO FEDERAL AGENCIES WITH POSI-TIONS REQUIRING SUCH SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration and the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, submit to Congress a report setting forth a strategy for means to facilitate and encourage members of the Armed Forces with experience and skills in unmanned aircraft systems to obtain posi-tions with Federal agencies requiring such skills and experience after their separation from military service. 
SA 641. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: SEC. 654. PROHIBITION ON THE PRIVATIZATION OF THE DEFENSE COMMISSARY SYS-TEM. 
The Secretary of Defense may not privat-ization the defense commissary system under chapter 147 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 642. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REVIEW OF TAP FOR WOMEN. 
The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive review of the Transition As-sistance Program to ensure that it addresses the unique challenges and needs of women as they transfer from the Armed Forces to ci-vilian life. 
SA 643. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROGRAM TO ENCOURAGE MILITARY MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS TRANSITIONING OUT OF THE ARMED FORCES TO SEEK EMPLOYMENT WITH THE VETERANS HEALTH AD-MINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a program to encourage indi-viduals who are transitioning out of the Armed Forces and who served in the Armed Forces with a military occupational spe-cialty relating to the provision of health care to seek employment with the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed— (1) to create any additional authority not otherwise provided in law to convert a former member of the Armed Services to an employee of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration; or (2) to circumvent any existing requirement relating to a detail, reassignment, or other transfer of such a former member to the Vet-erans Health Administration. 
SA 644. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: SEC. lll. REPORT ON THE IMPACT OF THE YUCCA MOUNTAIN NUCLEAR WASTE REPOSITORY ON NELLIS AIR FORCE BASE AND CREECH AIR FORCE BASE, NEVADA. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to Congress a re-port setting forth a study, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of pro-posed operations at the Yucca Mountain Nu-clear Waste Repository, including transpor-tation routes, on operations at each of the following: (1) Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada. (2) Creech Air Force Base, Nevada. 
SA 645. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. GAO ANALYSIS OF CO-OP PLANS. 
Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct an analysis, and submit to Congress a report concerning the results of such analysis, of the health insurance issuers that partici-pated in the Consumer Operated and Ori-ented Plan program under section 1322 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18042) and are no longer offering such a Plan under such program. 
SA 646. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO 150 PERCENT OF THE AMOUNT OF DEDUCTIBLE AND OUT- OF-POCKET LIMITATION. 
(a) S ELF-ONLY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$2,250’’ and in-serting ‘‘150 percent of the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’’. (b) F
AMILY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(B) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$4,500’’ and inserting ‘‘150 percent of the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’’. (c) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Section 223(g)(1) of such Code is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’, and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 647. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.123 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4573 July 27, 2017 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF ESSENTIAL HEALTH BENE-FITS REQUIREMENT. 
On January 1, 2018, section 1302 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022) shall have no force or effect. 
SA 648. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF AGE RATING RESTRIC-TIONS. 
Section 2701(a)(1)(A)(ii) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg(a)(1)(A)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘, except that’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2707(c))’’. 
SA 649. Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-self, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. WAIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1332 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) a description of how the State plan meeting the requirements of a waiver under this section would, with respect to health in-surance coverage within the State— ‘‘(I) take the place of the requirements de-scribed in paragraph (2) that are waived; and ‘‘(II) provide for alternative means of, and requirements for, increasing access to com-prehensive coverage, reducing average pre-miums, providing consumers the freedom to purchase the health insurance of their choice, and increasing enrollment in private health insurance; and’’; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘that is budg-et neutral for the Federal Government’’ and inserting ‘‘, demonstrating that the State plan does not increase the Federal deficit’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the law’’ and inserting ‘‘a law or has in effect a certification’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or would qualify for a reduction in’’ after ‘‘would not qualify for’’; (ii) by adding after the second sentence the following: ‘‘A State may request that all of, or any portion of, such aggregate amount of such credits or reductions be paid to the State as described in the first sentence.’’; (iii) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘F
UNDING ’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘With respect’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) PASS THROUGH OF FUNDING .—With re- spect’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—There is au-thorized to be appropriated, and is appro-priated, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until the end of fiscal year 2019, to provide grants to States for purposes of submitting an applica-tion for a waiver granted under this section and implementing the State plan under such waiver. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY TO USE LONG -TERM STATE  
INNOVATION AND STABILITY ALLOTMENT .—If the State has an application for an allot-ment under section 2105(i) of the Social Se-curity Act for the plan year, the State may use the funds available under the State’s al-lotment for the plan year to carry out the State plan under this section, so long as such use is consistent with the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (7) of section 2105(i) of such Act (other than paragraph (1)(B) of such section). Any funds used to carry out a State plan under this subparagraph shall not be considered in determining whether the State plan increases the Federal deficit.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘only if’’ and inserting ‘‘unless’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘plan—’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end of sub-paragraph (D) and inserting ‘‘application is missing a required element under subsection (a)(1) or that the State plan will increase the Federal deficit, not taking into account any amounts received through a grant under sub-section (a)(3)(B).’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR CERTIFY ’’ after ‘‘ LAW’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting be-fore the period ‘‘, and a certification de-scribed in this paragraph is a document, signed by the Governor, and the State insur-ance commissioner, of the State, that pro-vides authority for State actions under a waiver under this section, including the im-plementation of the State plan under sub-section (a)(1)(B)’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
OF OPT OUT ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘ may repeal a law’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘may terminate the authority provided under the waiver with respect to the State by— ‘‘(i) repealing a law described in subpara-graph (A); or ‘‘(ii) terminating a certification described in subparagraph (A), through a certification for such termination signed by the Governor, and the State insurance commissioner, of the State.’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘and the reasons therefore’’ and inserting ‘‘and the reasons therefore, and provide the data on which such determination was made’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XPEDITED DETERMINATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish an expedited deter-mination process in which a State may re-quest that a determination on an application under subsection (a)(1) be made not later than 45 days after the receipt of such appli-cation. A State may request an expedited de-termination by the Secretary under such process if the State determines the time for determination under paragraph (1) would prevent a State from responding in a timely manner to an urgent situation with respect to ensuring access to private health insur-ance coverage within such State or a portion of such State for the current or following plan year.’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘No waiv-er’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘A waiver under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be in effect for a period of 8 years unless the State requests a shorter duration; ‘‘(2) may be renewed for unlimited addi-tional 8-year periods upon application by the State; and ‘‘(3) may not be cancelled by the Secretary before the expiration of the 8-year period (in-cluding any renewal period under paragraph (2)).’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—Section 1332 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) shall apply as follows: (1) In the case of a State for which a waiver under such section was granted prior to the date of enactment of this Act, such section 1332, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall apply to the waiver and State plan. (2) In the case of a State that submitted an application for a waiver under such section prior to the date of enactment of this Act, and which application the Secretary of Health and Human Services has not approved prior to such date, the State may elect to have such section 1332, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, or such section 1332, as amended by sub-section (a), apply to such application and State plan. (3) In the case of a State that submits an application for a waiver under such section on or after the date of enactment of this Act, such section 1332, as amended by subsection (a), shall apply to such application and State plan. 
SA 650. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENT TO USE HUMAN- BASED METHODS FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 101 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2017. Use of human-based methods for cer-tain medical training ‘‘(a) C
OMBAT TRAUMA INJURIES .—(1) Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall develop, test, and validate human-based training methods for the pur-pose of training members of the armed forces in the treatment of combat trauma injuries with the goal of replacing live animal-based training methods. ‘‘(2) Not later than October 1, 2022, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) shall only use human-based training methods for the purpose of training members of the armed forces in the treatment of com-bat trauma injuries; and ‘‘(B) may not use animals for such purpose. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR PARTICULAR COMMANDS  
AND TRAINING METHODS .—(1) The Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.157 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4574 July 27, 2017 
may exempt a particular command, par-ticular training method, or both, from the requirement for human-based training meth-ods under subsection (a)(2) if the Secretary determines that human-based training meth-ods will not provide an educationally equiva-lent or superior substitute for live animal- based training methods for such command or training method, as the case may be. ‘‘(2) Any exemption under this subsection shall be for such period, not more than one year, as the Secretary shall specify in grant-ing the exemption. Any exemption may be renewed (subject to the preceding sentence). ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—(1) Not later than October 1, 2018, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the develop-ment and implementation of human-based training methods for the purpose of training members of the armed forces in the treat-ment of combat trauma injuries under this section. ‘‘(2) Each report under this subsection on or after October 1, 2022, shall include a de-scription of any exemption under subsection (b) that is in force at the time of such report, and a current justification for such exemp-tion. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘combat trauma injuries’ means severe injuries likely to occur during combat, including— ‘‘(A) hemorrhage; ‘‘(B) tension pneumothorax; ‘‘(C) amputation resulting from blast in-jury; ‘‘(D) compromises to the airway; and ‘‘(E) other injuries. ‘‘(2) The term ‘human-based training meth-ods’ means, with respect to training individ-uals in medical treatment, the use of sys-tems and devices that do not use animals, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) simulators; ‘‘(B) partial task trainers; ‘‘(C) moulage; ‘‘(D) simulated combat environments; ‘‘(E) human cadavers; and ‘‘(F) rotations in civilian and military trauma centers. ‘‘(3) The term ‘partial task trainers’ means training aids that allow individuals to learn or practice specific medical procedures.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 101 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2017. Use of human-based methods for cer-tain medical training.’’. 
SA 651. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. MANAGEMENT OF CERTAIN LITIGA-TION ON BEHALF OF INDEMNIFIED PRIVATE CONTRACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In cases where litigation between an indemnified Department of De-fense contractor and a member of the Armed Forces relating to the member’s work for the contractor exceeds a period of two years without final judgement or settlement, the Department shall exercise its contractual right to manage the litigation on behalf of the contractor. In doing so, the Department shall ensure that the fiscal burden on tax-payers is minimized by avoiding unneces-sarily long and expensive litigation, while si-multaneously resolving the claim in a way that meets the Department’s obligations to members of the Armed Forces and their fam-ilies fairly and in a timely manner. (b) INDEMNIFIED DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  C
ONTRACTOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indemnified Department of Defense contractor’’ means a contractor that has been indemnified by the Department of De-fense against civil judgments or liability for injuries, sickness, or death of members of the Armed Forces related to their work with the contractor. 
SA 652. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH REPOSI-TORY FOR OPERATIONAL ENERGY- RELATED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT EFFORTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPOSITORY REQUIRED .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and in collaboration with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and Programs and the Secretaries of the military departments, shall establish a centralized re-pository for all operational energy-related research and development efforts of the De-partment of Defense, including with respect to the inception, operational, and complete phases of such efforts. (b) I
NTERNET ACCESS .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the repository re-quired by subsection (a) is accessible through an Internet website of the Department of De-fense and by all employees of the Depart-ment and members of the Armed Forces whom the Secretary determines appropriate, including all program managers involved in such research and development efforts, to en-able improved collaboration between mili-tary departments on research and develop-ment efforts described in subsection (a), en-able sharing of best practices and lessons learned relating to such efforts, and reduce redundancy in such efforts. 
SA 653. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 344, strike lines 1 though 7 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 864. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON PROCUREMENT OF PHOTOVOLTAIC DEVICES BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TOPROVIDE PHOTO -
VOLTAIC DEVICES FROM UNITED STATES  S
OURCES .—Section 858 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 2534 note; Public Law 113–291) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, excluding installation costs’’ before ‘‘, unless’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘substantial and’’ before ‘‘unreasonable costs’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘exclusive’’ and inserting ‘‘principal’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘full’’. (b) PROCUREMENT OF PHOTOVOLTAIC DE-
VICES .—Section 846(b)(2) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2534 note; Public Law 111–383) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘exclusive’’ and inserting ‘‘principal’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘full’’. 
SA 654. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 344, strike lines 1 through 7. 
SA 655. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle C of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS FOR JOINT CYBERSECURITY INTIATIVE WITH RUSSIA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No Federal funds may be used to establish, support, or otherwise pro-mote, directly or indirectly, the formation of or any United States participation in a joint cybersecurity initiative involving the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation or any entity operation under the direction of such government. (b) W
AIVER .—Prohibition imposed under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date on which the President submits to the congres-sional defense committees a written certifi-cation that the Government of the Russian Federation has— (1) ceased ordering, controlling, or other-wise directing, supporting, or financing, acts intended to undermine democracies around the world; and (2) submitted a written statement ac-knowledging interference in the 2016 United States presidential election. 
SA 656. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.152 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4575 July 27, 2017 
personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ASSISTING STATES IN ADOPTING BEST PRACTICES FOR PROTECTING THE INTEGRITY OF FEDERAL ELEC-TIONS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF BESTPRACTICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.) is amend-ed by inserting after section 247 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 248. STUDY AND REPORT ON BEST PRAC-TICES FOR PROTECTING THE INTEG-RITY OF FEDERAL ELECTIONS AND FOR STORING AND SECURING VOTER REGISTRATION DATA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission, in con-sultation with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the Election Assistance Commission Standards Board, the Election Assistance Commission Board of Advisors, the Election Assistance Commission Technical Guidelines Develop-ment Committee, the National Association of Secretaries of State, the National Associa-tion of State Election Directors, the Na-tional Association of Election Officials, the International Association of Government Of-ficials, the National Association of State Chief Information Officers, the Multi-State Information Sharing and Analysis Center, and other stakeholders the Commission de-termines necessary, shall conduct a study on each of the following: ‘‘(1) Best practices for cybersecurity of Federal elections, including best practices for storing and securing voter registration data. ‘‘(2) Best practices for election audits. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .—In conducting each of the studies under this section, the Com-mission shall hold public hearings. ‘‘(c) I
SSUES CONSIDERED .— ‘‘(1) C
YBERSECURITY OF FEDERAL ELECTIONS , 
INCLUDING BEST PRACTICES FOR STORING AND  
SECURING VOTER REGISTRATION DATA .—In con- ducting the study under subsection (a)(1), the Commission shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) The interference by foreign actors in the 2016 Federal election. ‘‘(B) The opinion of intelligence officials that foreign states are likely to attempt to interfere in future Federal elections. ‘‘(C) Election administration profiles based on the cybersecurity framework of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology. ‘‘(D) Best practices for storing and secur-ing voter registration data. ‘‘(E) All components of election infrastruc-ture, as designated by the Secretary of Homeland Security, on January 6, 2017, as a subsector of a critical infrastructure sector (as defined in section 2001 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601)). ‘‘(F) The implications of the aging of vot-ing equipment on cybersecurity. ‘‘(G) Any existing Federal funding sources that may be used to assist State and local governments to improve election cybersecu-rity. ‘‘(H) Any related issues the Commission identifies as necessary to complete a com-prehensive study of best practices for cyber-security of Federal elections. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION AUDITS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a)(2), the Commis-sion shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Public confidence in the administra-tion of Federal elections. ‘‘(B) Verifying the integrity of the election process. ‘‘(C) Confirming the accuracy of results re-ported by the voting system. ‘‘(D) Ensuring that the voting system is accurately tabulating ballots. ‘‘(E) Ensuring that the winners of each election for Federal office are called cor-rectly. ‘‘(F) Current State requirements related to election audits. ‘‘(G) Durational requirements needed to fa-cilitate an election audit prior to election certification, including variations in the ac-ceptance of postal ballots and election cer-tification deadlines. ‘‘(H) Administrative requirements and challenges for various types of election au-dits. ‘‘(I) The potential to identify areas of im-provement in election administration using varying types of election audits. ‘‘(J) The use of voting systems producing voter-verified paper ballots. ‘‘(K) Any related issues the Commission identifies as necessary to complete a com-prehensive study of best practices for elec-tion audits. ‘‘(d) REPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commission shall submit a report to the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate and the Committee on Adminis-tration of the House of Representatives on each of the studies conducted under this sec-tion, together with recommendations with the matters described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for such Act is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 247 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 248. Study and report on best practices for protecting the integrity of Federal elections.’’. (b) E
LECTION TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENT  G
RANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new title: ‘‘TITLE X—ELECTION TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENT GRANTS 
‘‘SEC. 1001. ELECTION TECHNOLOGY IMPROVE-MENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall make a payment in an amount determined under section 1002 to each State which meets the conditions described in section 1003. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a State receiving payment under this title shall use the payment— ‘‘(A) in the case of a State that has under-gone a Security Risk an Vulnerability As-sessment from the Department of Homeland Security with respect to the State’s election system, to address any recommendations or vulnerabilities resulting from such assess-ment, and ‘‘(B) to implement the recommendations of the Commission under section 248(d) in ac-cordance with the plan developed under sec-tion 1003. In the case of a State described in subpara-graph (A), no amount of the payment re-ceived under this title may be used for any purpose described in subparagraph (B) before the date the State submits a State plan that meets the requirements of section 1003(b)(1)(A). ‘‘(2) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—A State may use a payment under this title to carry out other activities to improve the administration of elections for Federal office if the State cer-tifies to the Commission that— ‘‘(A) the State has implemented the rec-ommendations of the Commission under sec-tion 248(d); ‘‘(B) the State will use any remaining funds to improve, upgrade, or acquire new technological equipment related to election administration, which may include— ‘‘(i) voting machines; ‘‘(ii) election management systems; ‘‘(iii) electronic poll books; ‘‘(iv) online voter registration systems; ‘‘(v) participation in the Electronic Reg-istration Information Center; ‘‘(vi) accessible voting equipment; and ‘‘(vii) other technological upgrades identi-fied by the Commission in the studies con-ducted under section 248(a); and ‘‘(C) the State has appropriated funds for carrying out such activities in an amount equal to 10 percent of the total amount to be spent for such activities (taking into ac-count the payment under this section and the amount spent by the State). No amount of the payment received under this title may be used for any purpose de-scribed in this paragraph before the date the State submits the certification described in section 1003(b)(1)(C). ‘‘(3) PROHIBITION ON USE FOR VOTING MA -
CHINES NOT PRODUCING VOTER -VERIFIED PAPER  
BALLOTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—None of the payments provided under this title may be used for any voting system that does not produce a voter- verified paper ballot. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any payment used for the pur-poses described in paragraph (1)(A). 
‘‘SEC. 1002. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the amount of a payment made to a State under this title shall be equal to the product of— ‘‘(1) the total amount appropriated for pay-ments pursuant to the authorization under section 1007; and ‘‘(2) the State allocation percentage for the State (as determined under subsection (b)). ‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOCATION PERCENTAGE DE-
FINED .—The ‘State allocation percentage’ for a State is the amount (expressed as a per-centage) equal to the quotient of— ‘‘(1) the voting age population of the State (as reported in the most recent decennial census); and ‘‘(2) the total voting age population of all States (as reported in the most recent decen-nial census). ‘‘(c) M
INIMUM AMOUNT OF PAYMENT .—The amount of a payment made to a State under this section may not be less than— ‘‘(1) in the case of any of the several States or the District of Columbia, one-half of 1 per-cent of the total amount appropriated for payments under this title under section 1007; or ‘‘(2) in the case of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands, or the United States Virgin Islands, one- tenth of 1 percent of such total amount. ‘‘(d) P
RORATAREDUCTIONS .—The Commis-sion shall make such pro rata reductions to the allocations determined under subsection (a) as are necessary to comply with the re-quirements of subsection (c). ‘‘(e) C
ONTINUING AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  A
FTER APPROPRIATION .—A payment to a State under this title shall be available to the State without fiscal year limitation. 
‘‘SEC. 1003. CONDITION FOR RECEIPT OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State is eligible to re-ceive a payment under this title if the chief executive officer of the State, or designee, in consultation and coordination with the chief State election official, has filed with the Commission a statement certifying that the State is in compliance with the require-ments referred to in subsection (b). A State may meet the requirement of the previous sentence by filing with the Commission a statement which reads as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.124 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4576 July 27, 2017 
‘llllll hereby certifies that it is in compliance with the requirements referred to in section 1003(b) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002.’ (with the blank to be filled in with the name of the State involved). ‘‘(b) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT ; CERTIFI -
CATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE  L
AWS AND REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements re-ferred to in this subsection are as follows: ‘‘(A) The State has filed with the Commis-sion a State plan which the State certifies— ‘‘(i) contains each of the elements de-scribed in section 1004; ‘‘(ii) is developed in accordance with sec-tion 1005; and ‘‘(iii) meets the public notice and comment requirements of section 1006. ‘‘(B) The State is in compliance with each of the laws described in section 906, as such laws apply with respect to this Act. ‘‘(C) To the extent that any portion of the payment is used for activities other than im-plementing the recommendations of the De-partment of Homeland Security in connec-tion with a Risk and Vulnerability Assess-ment described in section 1001(b)(1)(A) or the recommendations of the Commission under section 248(d)— ‘‘(i) the State’s proposed uses of the pay-ment are not inconsistent with such rec-ommendations; and ‘‘(ii) the use of the funds under this sub-paragraph is consistent with the require-ments of section 1001(b)(2)(B). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REQUIREMENTS WITH  
RESPECT TO RISK AND VULNERABILITY ASSESS -
MENTS .—In the case of a State that has un-dergone a Security Risk an Vulnerability As-sessment from the Department of Homeland Security with respect to the State’s election system, paragraph (1) shall not apply and the State shall be treated as having met the re-quirements of this subsection if the State has met the requirement of paragraph (1)(B) and has filed with the Commission a State plan which contains the elements described in section 1004 with respect to the rec-ommendations of the Department of Home-land Security with respect to such assess-ment. ‘‘(c) M
ETHODS OF COMPLIANCE LEFT TO DIS-
CRETION OF STATE .—The specific choices on the methods of complying with the elements of a State plan shall be left to the discretion of the State. ‘‘(d) T
IMING FOR FILING OF CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State may not file a statement of certification under subsection (a) until the expiration of the 45-day period which begins on the date the State plan under this section has been published on both the website of the chief State election official and the website of the Election As-sistance Commission pursuant to section 1005(b). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR RISK AND VULNER -
ABILITY ASSESSMENT MATTERS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any part of plan which is developed in connection with addressing rec-ommendations of the Department of Home-land Security in connection with a Risk and Vulnerability Assessment described in sec-tion 1001(b)(1)(A). ‘‘(e) C
HIEF STATE ELECTION OFFICIAL DE-
FINED .—In this title, the ‘chief State election official’ of a State is the individual des-ignated by the State under section 10 of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 1973gg–8) to be responsible for coordi-nation of the State’s responsibilities under such Act. 
‘‘SEC. 1004. STATE PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The State plan shall contain a description of each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) How the State will use the payment under this title— ‘‘(A) to implement— ‘‘(i) any recommendations of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in connection with a Risk and Vulnerability Assessment described in section 1001(b)(1)(A), if applica-ble; and ‘‘(ii) the recommendations of the Commis-sion under section 248(d); and ‘‘(B) if applicable under section 1001(b)(2), to carry out other activities to improve the administration of elections. ‘‘(2) How the State will distribute and monitor the distribution of the payment to units of local government or other entities in the State for carrying out the activities described in paragraph (1), including a de-scription of— ‘‘(A) the criteria to be used to determine the eligibility of such units or entities for re-ceiving the payment; and ‘‘(B) the methods to be used by the State to monitor the performance of the units or entities to whom the payment is distributed, consistent with the performance goals and measures adopted under paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) How the State will adopt performance goals and measures that will be used by the State to determine its success and the suc-cess of units of local government in the State in carrying out the plan, including timetables for meeting each of the elements of the plan, descriptions of the criteria the State will use to measure performance and the process used to develop such criteria, and a description of which official is to be held responsible for ensuring that each perform-ance goal is met. ‘‘(4) How the State will conduct ongoing management of the plan, except that the State may not make any material change in the administration of the plan unless the change— ‘‘(A) is developed and published on the website of the chief State election official and the website of the Election Assistance Commission in accordance with section 1005 in the same manner as the State plan; ‘‘(B) is subject to public notice and com-ment in accordance with section 1006 in the same manner as the State plan; and ‘‘(C) takes effect only after the expiration of the 30-day period which begins on the date the change has been published on both the website of the chief State election official and the website of the Election Assistance Commission. ‘‘(5) A description of the committee which participated in the development of the State plan in accordance with section 1005 and the procedures followed by the committee under such section and section 1006. Paragraphs (5) and (6) shall not apply to any part of a plan which pertains to addressing recommendations of the Department of Homeland Security in connection with a Risk and Vulnerability Assessment described in section 1001(b)(1)(A). ‘‘(b) PROTECTION AGAINST ACTIONS BASED  
ONINFORMATION IN PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No action may be brought under this Act against a State or other jurisdiction on the basis of any infor-mation contained in the State plan filed under this title. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CRIMINAL ACTS .—Para- graph (1) may not be construed to limit the liability of a State or other jurisdiction for criminal acts or omissions. 
‘‘SEC. 1005. PROCESS FOR DEVELOPMENT AND FILING OF PLAN; PUBLICATION BY COMMISSION. 
‘‘(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLAN.—The chief State election official shall develop the State plan under this title through a com-mittee of appropriate individuals, including the chief election officials of the two most populous jurisdictions within the State, other local election officials, stake holders, and other citizens, appointed for such pur-pose by the chief State election official. ‘‘(b) PUBLICATION OF PLAN BY COMMIS -
SION.—After receiving the State plan of a State under this title, the Commission shall cause to have the plan published on both the website of the chief State election official and the website of the Election Assistance Commission. 
‘‘SEC. 1006. REQUIREMENT FOR PUBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT. 
‘‘For purposes of section 1003(b)(1)(C), a State plan meets the public notice and com-ment requirements of this section if— ‘‘(1) not later than 30 days prior to the sub-mission of the plan, the State made a pre-liminary version of the plan available for public inspection and comment; ‘‘(2) the State publishes notice that the preliminary version of the plan is so avail-able; and ‘‘(3) the State took the public comments made regarding the preliminary version of the plan into account in preparing the plan which was filed with the Commission. 
‘‘SEC. 1007. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary for payments under this title for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY .—Any amounts appro-priated pursuant to the authority of sub-section (a) shall remain available without fiscal year limitation until expended. 
‘‘SEC. 1008. REPORTS. 
‘‘Not later than 6 months after the end of the fiscal year for which a State received a payment under this title, the State shall submit a report to the Commission on the activities conducted with the funds provided, and shall include in the report— ‘‘(1) a list of expenditures made with re-spect to each category of activities described in section 1001(b); and ‘‘(2) an analysis and description of the ac-tivities funded under this title to meet the requirements of this title and an analysis and description of how such activities con-form to the State plan under section 1004.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE X—ELECTION TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENT GRANTS ‘‘Sec. 1001. Election technology improve-ment grants. ‘‘Sec. 1002. Allocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1003. Condition for receipt of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1004. State plan. ‘‘Sec. 1005. Process for development and fil-ing of plan; publication by com-mission. ‘‘Sec. 1006. Requirement for public notice and comment. ‘‘Sec. 1007. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘Sec. 1008. Reports.’’. (c) C
ONTRACTING ASSISTANCE .—The Admin-istrator of the General Services Administra-tion, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, shall take such actions as may be necessary through competitive processes— (1) to qualify a set of private sector organi-zations which are capable of providing cyber-security services to States to secure their election systems and infrastructure from cyber attacks; (2) to establish contract vehicles to enable States to access the services of one or more of such private sector organizations as soon as payment are made under title X of the Help America Vote Act of 2002; (3) to ensure that the such contract vehi-cles permit individual States to augment Federal funds with funding otherwise avail-able to the States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.124 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4577 July 27, 2017 
(4) to provide a list of qualified organiza-tions to the Election Assistance Commission in order to ensure it is readily available to State election officials. (d) I
NFORMATION SHARING WITH STATE  E
LECTION OFFICIALS .— (1) S
ECURITY CLEARANCE .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish an expedited process for pro-viding the appropriate security clearance for the Secretary of State or highest election administration official of each State and 1 designee selected by such Secretary of State or election administration official to ensure that information relating to cybersecurity incidents and threats is communicated to chief State election officials in a timely manner. (2) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of National Intelligence shall establish a cybersecurity incident noti-fication process and cybersecurity incident response protocols for the sharing of infor-mation among State and Federal officials re-lating to election cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities, and breaches. (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the day of enactment of this section, and each year thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall submit a joint re-port to appropriate congressional commit-tees in both classified and unclassified form, on foreign threats to elections in the United States. The report shall address the current and probable threats to our election system and strategies to prevent foreign inter-ference. (B) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Ap-propriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on House Administra-tion, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 657. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 104 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 104. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 48 (and the item related to such chapter in the table of chapters). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SA 658. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON USE OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE FUNDS FOR EX-PENSES INCURRED AT PROPERTY OWNED OR OPERATED BY THE PRESIDENT OR THE IMMEDIATE FAMILY OF THE PRESIDENT. 
No amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to pay for expenses incurred at a property owned or operated by the individual serving as President or an immediate family member of the individual serving as President if the payments would result in a net financial benefit for the individual serving as Presi-dent or an immediate family member of the individual serving as President. 
SA 659. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. ONE-YEAR PERIOD FOR ENROLL-MENT IN THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN FOR ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS WHO HAVE A SAME-SEX SPOUSE UNDER AN EARLIER OR CURRENT MARRIAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any individual eligi-ble for participation, but not participating, in the Survivor Benefit Plan as of the date of the enactment of this Act who seeks to par-ticipate in the Plan for the benefit of the same-sex spouse of the individual under a marriage entered into or recognized as valid before that date may elect to participate in the plan at any time during the one-year pe-riod beginning on that date in accordance with section 1448(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code. (b) O
UTREACH ON ELECTION TO PARTICI -
PATE FOR SPOUSES UNDER MARRIAGE AFTER  E
LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall undertake an active campaign of outreach designed to inform individuals who are or may become eligible for participation in the Survivor Benefit Plan of the availability of the election to participate in the Plan under section 1448(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, for individuals who marry, including individuals with same-sex spouses, after be-coming eligible to participate in the Plan. (c) S
URVIVOR BENEFIT PLANDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Survivor Benefit Plan’’ means the benefit plan established by subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 660. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in subtitle B of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. CONSIDERATION OF SERVICE BY RE-CIPIENTS OF BOREN SCHOLARSHIPS AND FELLOWSHIPS IN EXCEPTED SERVICE POSITIONS AS SERVICE BY SUCH RECIPIENTS UNDER CAREER APPOINTMENTS FOR PURPOSES OF CAREER TENURE. 
Section 802(k) of the David L. Boren Na-tional Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1902(k)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter before subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(3)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(4)(C)’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) C
AREER TENURE .—In the case of an individual whose appointment to a position in the excepted service is converted to a ca-reer or career- conditional appointment under paragraph (1)(B), the period of service described in such paragraph shall be treated, for purposes of the service requirements for career tenure under title 5, United States Code, as if it were service in a position under a career or career- conditional appoint-ment.’’. 
SA 661. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XII, in-sert the following: 
SEC. 12ll. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF CLUSTER MUNITIONS TO SAUDI ARA-BIA. 
No amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be used to transfer or author-ize the transfer of cluster munitions to Saudi Arabia. 
SA 662. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EN-TREPRENEURSHIP SUPPORTS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF LOAN ASSISTANCE AND  D
EFERRAL ELIGIBILITY TO RESERVISTS BE-
YOND PERIODS OF MILITARY CONFLICT .— (1) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT AMENDMENTS .— Section 7 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking clause (ii); (II) by redesignating clause (i) as clause (ii); (III) by inserting before clause (ii), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(i) the term ‘active service’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code;’’; and (IV) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.124 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4578 July 27, 2017 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘being ordered to active military duty dur-ing a period of military conflict’’ and insert-ing ‘‘being ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (G)(ii)(II), by strik-ing ‘‘active duty’’ and inserting ‘‘active serv-ice’’; and (B) in subsection (n)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
CTIVE DUTY’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIVE SERV-
ICE’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking subparagraph (C); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; (III) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) A
CTIVE SERVICE .—The term ‘active service’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’; (IV) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘ordered to active duty during a period of military conflict’’ and in-serting ‘‘ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; and (V) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)(A) shall apply to an economic injury suffered or likely to be suf-fered as the result of an essential employee being ordered to perform active service (as defined in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code) for a period of more than 30 consecutive days who is discharged or re-leased from such active service on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) S
EMIANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and semiannually thereafter, the Presi-dent shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the number of loans made under the Military Re-servist Economic Injury Disaster Loan pro-gram and the dollar volume of those loans. The report shall contain the subsidy rate of the disaster loan program as authorized under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) with the loans made under the Military Reservist Economic Injury Dis-aster Loan program and without those loans included. (4) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 8(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(l)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 7(n)(1))’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF PERIOD OF MILITARY  
CONFLICT .—In this subsection, the term ‘pe-riod of military conflict’ means— ‘‘(A) a period of war declared by the Con-gress; ‘‘(B) a period of national emergency de-clared by the Congress or by the President; or ‘‘(C) a period of a contingency operation, as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (b) NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DE-
PLOYMENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAINING  P
ROGRAM .— (1) E
XPANSION OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMIN -
ISTRATION OUTREACH PROGRAMS .—Section 8(b)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(17)) is amended by striking ‘‘and mem-bers of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’ and inserting ‘‘members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, and the spouses of veterans and members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DE-
PLOYMENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAIN-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In making grants car-ried out under section 8(b)(17), the Associate Administrator shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘National Guard and Re-serve Deployment Support and Business Training Program’, to provide training, counseling and other assistance to support members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this subsection, the Associate Administrator may— ‘‘(A) modify programs and resources made available through section 8(b)(17) to provide pre-deployment and other informa-tion specific to members of a reserve compo-nent of the Armed Forces and their spouses; ‘‘(B) collaborate with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee, State Adjunct Generals or their designees, and other public and private partners; and ‘‘(C) provide training, information and other resources to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee and State Adjunct Generals or their designees for the purpose of supporting members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces and the spouses of veterans and members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SA 663. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Amend section 1630B to read as follows: 
SEC. 1630B. PROHIBITION ON USE OF SOFTWARE PLATFORMS DEVELOPED BY KASPERSKY LAB. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No department, agency, organization, or other element of the United States Government may use, whether di-rectly or through work with or on behalf of another organization or element of the United States Government, any hardware, software, or services developed or provided, in whole or in part, by Kaspersky Lab or any entity of which Kaspersky Lab has a major-ity ownership. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SA 664. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SYRIA STUDY GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-tablished a working group to be known as the ‘‘Syria Study Group’’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Group’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Group is to examine and make recommendations with respect to the military and diplomatic strat-egy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Group shall be com-posed of 8 members appointed as follows: (A) Two members appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (B) Two members appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (C) Two members appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (D) Two members appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (2) C
O-CHAIRS .— (A) The chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate one member of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. (B) The ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate one member of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. (3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Group. Any vacancy in the Group shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Group shall review the current situation with respect to the United States military and diplomatic strategy in Syria, including a review of current United States objectives in Syria and the desired end state in Syria. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Group shall— (A) conduct a comprehensive assessment of the current situation in Syria, its impact on neighboring countries, resulting regional and geopolitical threats to the United States, and current military, diplomatic, and polit-ical efforts to achieve a stable Syria; and (B) develop recommendations on a military and diplomatic strategy for the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (e) C
OOPERATION FROMUNITED STATES GOV-
ERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Group shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Sec-retary of Defense and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence in providing the Group with analyses, briefings, and other informa-tion necessary for the discharge of the duties of the Group. (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall each designate at least one officer or em-ployee of their respective organizations to serve as a liaison officer to the Group. (f) R
EPORT .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2018, the Group shall submit to the President, the Secretary of Defense, and the Committees on Armed Services of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.125 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4579 July 27, 2017 
Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations of the Group under this sec-tion. The report shall do each of the fol-lowing: (A) Assess the current security, political, humanitarian, and economic situation in Syria. (B) Assess the current participation and objectives of various external actors in Syria. (C) Assess the consequences of continued conflict in Syria. (D) Provide recommendations for a diplo-matic resolution of the conflict in Syria, in-cluding options for a gradual political tran-sition to a post-Assad Syria and actions nec-essary for reconciliation. (E) Provide a roadmap for a United States and coalition strategy to reestablish secu-rity and governance in Syria, including rec-ommendations for the synchronization of stabilization, development, counterter-rorism, and reconstruction efforts. (F) Address any other matters with respect to the conflict in Syria that the Group con-siders appropriate. (2) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than June 30, 2018, the Group shall provide to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of its review and assessment under subsection (d), together with a discus-sion of any interim recommendations devel-oped by the Group as of the date of the brief-ing. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (g) F
ACILITATION .—The United States Insti-tute of Peace shall take appropriate actions to facilitate the Group in the discharge of its duties under this section. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The Group shall termi-nate six months after the date on which it submits the report required by subsection (f)(1). (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense by this Act, $1,500,000 is available to fund the activities of the Group. 
SA 665. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 583. EXTENSION OF REPORTS ON DIVERSITY IN MILITARY LEADERSHIP UNDER ANNUAL DEFENSE MANPOWER RE-QUIREMENTS REPORT. 
Section 115a(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘2022’’. 
SA 666. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CYBERSE-CURITY COOPERATION WITH UKRAINE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) There is a strong history of cyber at-tacks in Ukraine, including a significant at-tack on its power grid in December 2015 by Russia. (2) The United States supports Ukraine and the Ukrainian Security Assistance Initia-tive. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States reaffirms support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, especially as a result of Russia’s in-vasion of Ukraine and in the face of in-creased Russian aggression in the region; and (2) the United States should assist Ukraine in improving its cybersecurity capabilities. 
SA 667. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert the following: 
SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Health Care Freedom Act of 2017’’. TITLE I 
SEC. 101. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 102. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015, and before Jan-uary 1, 2025)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015, and before Jan-uary 1, 2025)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF MORATORIUM ON MED-ICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4191(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 104. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO AMOUNT OF DEDUCT-IBLE AND OUT-OF-POCKET LIMITA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 223 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) INCREASED LIMITATION .—In the case of any month beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2021— ‘‘(A) paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’ for ‘$2,250’, and ‘‘(B) paragraph (2)(B) shall be applied by substituting ‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’ for ‘$4,500’.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 105. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds pro-vided from a program referred to in this sub-section that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— (A) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (i) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; (ii) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an abortion— (I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (II) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and (B) for which the total amount of Federal and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $1,000,000. (2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). TITLE II 
SEC. 201. THE PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH FUND. 
Subsection (b) of section 4002 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal year 2018’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (4) through (8). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.153 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4580 July 27, 2017 
SEC. 202. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘, and an addi-tional $422,000,000 for fiscal year 2017’’ after ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 203. WAIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION. 
Section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or would qualify for a reduction in’’ after ‘‘would not qualify for’’; (B) by adding after the second sentence the following: ‘‘A State may request that all of, or any portion of, such aggregate amount of such credits or reductions be paid to the State as described in the first sentence.’’; (C) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘F
UNDING ’’; (D) by striking ‘‘With respect’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING .—With re- spect’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—There is au-thorized to be appropriated, and is appro-priated, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $2,000,000,000, to remain available until the end of fiscal year 2019. Such amounts shall be used to provide grants to States that request financial as-sistance for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) submitting an application for a waiver granted under this section; or ‘‘(ii) implementing the State plan under such waiver.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘only’’; (3) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘180’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘No waiv-er’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘A waiver under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be in effect for a period of 8 years unless the State requests a shorter duration; ‘‘(2) may be renewed for unlimited addi-tional 8-year periods upon application by the State; and ‘‘(3) may not be cancelled by the Secretary before the expiration of the 8-year period (in-cluding any renewal period under paragraph (2)).’’. 
SA 668. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. SA 669. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. IMPLEMENTATION OF GAO REC-OMMENDATIONS TO IMPROVE MED-ICAL FACILITIES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop and submit to Congress a comprehensive and detailed strategic implementation plan to fully im-plement all 14 open recommendations, as of such date of enactment, produced by the Government Accountability Office in rela-tion to its report entitled ‘‘VA and DOD Need to Address Ongoing Difficulties and Better Prepare for Future Integrations’’ that was published on February 29, 2016. (b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall each publish the strategic imple-mentation plan developed under subsection (a) on the public Internet website of the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs, respectively. (c) U
PDATE .—Not later than 180 days after publication of the strategic implementation plan under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall develop and submit to Congress a comprehensive and detailed status update re-port on the progress made in fully imple-menting all open recommendations described in subsection (a). 
SA 670. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF AVAILABILITY FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF COUNSELING AND TREATMENT FOR SEXUAL TRAUMA FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1720D(a)(2)(A) of title 38, United States Code is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on active duty’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘that was suffered by the member while serving on active duty, active duty for training, or inactive duty training’’ before the period at the end. 
SA 671. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. TRAINING REQUIREMENT FOR HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PRESCRIBING OPIOIDS FOR TREAT-MENT OF PAIN. 
(a) T RAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that health care professionals of the Department of Defense, other than phar-macists, who are authorized to prescribe or otherwise dispense opioids for the treatment of pain— (A) complete the training described in paragraph (2) not less frequently than once every three years; or (B) are licensed in a State that requires training that is equivalent to or greater than the training described in paragraph (2) with respect to the prescribing or dispensing of opioids for the treatment of pain. (2) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The training described in this paragraph is not fewer than 12 hours of training (through classroom situations, sem-inars at professional society meetings, elec-tronic communications, or otherwise) that is provided by organizations specified in sub-paragraph (B) with respect to— (i) pain management treatment guidelines and best practices; (ii) early detection of opioid addiction; and (iii) the treatment and management of opioid-dependent patients. (B) O
RGANIZATIONS SPECIFIED .—The organi-zations specified in this subparagraph are the following: (i) The American Society of Addiction Medicine. (ii) The American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry. (iii) The American Medical Association. (iv) The American Osteopathic Associa-tion. (v) The American Psychiatric Association. (vi) The American Academy of Pain Man-agement. (vii) The American Pain Society. (viii) The American Academy of Pain Med-icine. (ix) The American Board of Pain Medicine. (x) The American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians. (xi) Such other organizations as the Sec-retary of Defense determines appropriate for purposes of this subsection. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF TRAINING MOD-
ULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish or support the establishment of one or more training modules to be used to provide the training required under sub-section (a). (2) S
UPPORT FOR ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary may support the establishment of a training module under paragraph (1) by— (A) an organization specified in paragraph (2)(B) of subsection (a); or (B) any other organization that the Sec-retary determines is appropriate to provide the training required under such subsection. 
SA 672. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.153 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4581 July 27, 2017 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title V, add the following: PART II—DISPOSITION OF CHARGES AND CONVENING OF COURTS-MARTIAL FOR CERTAIN OFFENSE UNDER THE UNI-FORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE 
SEC. lll. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Military Justice Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. lll. IMPROVEMENT OF DETERMINATIONS ON DISPOSITION OF CHARGES FOR CERTAIN OFFENSES UNDER UCMJ WITH AUTHORIZED MAXIMUM SEN-TENCE OF CONFINEMENT OF MORE THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) I MPROVEMENT OF DETERMINATIONS .— (1) M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS .—With respect to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in subsection (b) and not excluded under subsection (c), the Secretary of De-fense shall require the Secretaries of the military departments to provide as described in subsection (d) for the determinations as follows: (A) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the preferral of charges. (B) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the disposition of charges. (C) Determination under section 834 such chapter (article 34 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the referral of charges. (2) H
OMELAND SECURITY .—With respect to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in subsection (b) and not excluded under sub-section(c) against a member of the Coast Guard (when it is not operating as a service in the Navy), the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall provide as described in sub-section (d) for the determinations as follows: (A) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the preferral of charges. (B) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the disposition of charges. (C) Determination under section 834 such chapter (article 34 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the referral of charges. (b) C
OVERED OFFENSES .—An offense speci-fied in this subsection is an offense as fol-lows: (1) An offense under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), for which the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for more than one year. (2) The offense of obstructing justice under section 931b of title 10, United States Code (article 131b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), regardless of the maximum punish-ment authorized under that chapter for such offense. (3) The offense of retaliation for reporting a crime under section 932 of title 10, United States Code (article 132 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), regardless of the max-imum punishment authorized under that chapter for such offense. (4) A conspiracy to commit an offense spec-ified in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punish-able under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (5) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (6) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punish-able under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (c) EXCLUDED OFFENSES .—Subsection (a) does not apply to an offense as follows: (1) An offense under sections 883 through 917 of title 10, United States Code (articles 83 through 117 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (2) An offense under section 933 or 934 of title 10, United States Code (articles 133 and 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (3) A conspiracy to commit an offense spec-ified in paragraph (1) or (2) as punishable under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). (4) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in paragraph (1) or (2) as punishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). (5) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in paragraph (1) or (2) as punishable under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). (d) R
EQUIREMENTS AND LIMITATIONS .—The disposition of charges covered by subsection (a) shall be subject to the following: (1) The determination whether to prefer such charges or refer such charges to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, shall be made by a commissioned officer of the Armed Forces designated in accordance with regulations prescribed for purposes of this subsection from among commissioned offi-cers of the Armed Forces in grade O–6 or higher who— (A) are available for detail as trial counsel under section 827 of title 10, United States Code (article 27 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice); (B) have significant experience in trials by general or special court-martial; and (C) are outside the chain of command of the member subject to such charges. (2) Upon a determination under paragraph (1) to refer charges to a court-martial for trial, the officer making that determination shall determine whether to refer such charges for trial by a general court-martial convened under section 822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or a special court-mar-tial convened under section 823 of title 10, United States Code (article 23 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (3) A determination under paragraph (1) to prefer charges or refer charges to a court- martial for trial, as applicable, shall cover all known offenses, including lesser included offenses. (4) The determination to prefer charges or refer charges to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, under paragraph (1), and the type of court-martial to which to refer under sub-paragraph (B), shall be binding on any appli-cable convening authority for the referral of such charges. (5) The actions of an officer described in paragraph (1) in determining under that sub-paragraph whether or not to prefer charges or refer charges to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, shall be free of unlawful or un-authorized influence or coercion. (6) The determination under paragraph (1) not to refer charges to a general or special court-martial for trial shall not operate to terminate or otherwise alter the authority of commanding officers to refer charges for trial by summary court-martial convened under section 824 of title 10, United States Code (article 24 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), or to impose non-judicial pun-ishment in connection with the conduct cov-ered by such charges as authorized by sec-tion 815 of title 10, United States Code (arti-cle 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). (e) CONSTRUCTION WITHCHARGES ON OTHER  O
FFENSES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter or affect the preferral, dis-position, or referral authority of charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense for which the max-imum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for one year or less. (f) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall revise policies and procedures as necessary to comply with this section. (2) U
NIFORMITY .—The General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the General Counsel of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly review the policies and procedures revised under this subsection in order to ensure that any lack of uniformity in policies and procedures, as so revised, among the military departments and the De-partment of Homeland Security does not render unconstitutional any policy or proce-dure, as so revised. (g) M
ANUAL FOR COURTS -MARTIAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall recommend such changes to the Manual for Courts-Martial as are necessary to ensure compliance with this section. 
SEC. lll. MODIFICATION OF OFFICERS AU-THORIZED TO CONVENE GENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS-MARTIAL FOR CERTAIN OFFENSES UNDER UCMJ WITH AUTHORIZED MAXIMUM SEN-TENCE OF CONFINEMENT OF MORE THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) as paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing new paragraph (8): ‘‘(8) with respect to offenses to which sec-tion lll(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 applies, the officers in the offices established pursu-ant to section lll(c) of that Act or officers in the grade of O–6 or higher who are as-signed such responsibility by the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, or the Commandant of the Coast Guard;’’. (b) N
OEXERCISE BY OFFICERS IN CHAIN OF  C
OMMAND OF ACCUSED OR VICTIM .—Such sec- tion (article) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) An officer specified in subsection (a)(8) may not convene a court-martial under this section if the officer is in the chain of com-mand of the accused or the victim.’’. (c) O
FFICES OF CHIEFS OF STAFF ON COURTS - M
ARTIAL .— (1) O
FFICES REQUIRED .—Each Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces or Commandant speci-fied in paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amend-ed by subsection (a), shall establish an office to do the following: (A) To convene general and special courts- martial under sections 822 and 823 of title 10, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.142 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4582 July 27, 2017 
United States Code (articles 22 and 23 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), pursuant to paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), as so amend-ed, with respect to offenses to which section lll(a) applies. (B) To detail under section 825 of title 10, United States Code (article 25 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), members of courts-martial convened as described in sub-paragraph (A). (2) P
ERSONNEL .—The personnel of each of-fice established under paragraph (1) shall consist of such members of the Armed Forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense, or such members of the Coast Guard or civilian personnel of the Department of Homeland Security, as may be detailed or as-signed to the office by the Chief of Staff or Commandant concerned. The members and personnel so detailed or assigned, as the case may be, shall be detailed or assigned from personnel billets in existence as of the effec-tive date for this part specified in section lll. 
SEC. lll. DISCHARGE USING OTHERWISE AU-THORIZED PERSONNEL AND RE-SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall carry out sections lll and lll using personnel, funds, and resources otherwise authorized by law. (b) N
OAUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PER-
SONNEL OR RESOURCES .—Sections lll and lll shall not be construed as authoriza-tions for personnel, personnel billets, or funds for the discharge of the requirements in such sections. 
SEC. lll. MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT OF MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES BY DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546(c) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘on the investigation’’ and inserting ‘‘on the following: ‘‘(A) The investigation’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The implementation and efficacy of sections lll through lll of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and the amendments made by such sec-tions.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. 
SEC. lll. EFFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICA-BILITY. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— This part and the amendments made by this part shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to any allegation of charges of an offense specified in subsection (a) of sec-tion lll, and not excluded under sub-section (c) of section lll, which offense oc-curs on or after such effective date. (b) R
EVISIONS OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—Any revision of policies and proce-dures required of the military departments or the Department of Homeland Security as a result of this part and the amendments made by this part shall be completed so as to come into effect together with the coming into effect of this part and the amendments made by this part in accordance with sub-section (a). 
SA 673. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION WORKFORCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) A
PPLICANT FLOW DATA .—The term ‘‘ap-plicant flow data’’ means data that tracks the rate of applications for job positions among demographic categories. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (3) A
RMED FORCE .—The term ‘‘armed force’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101 of title 5, United States Code. (4) C
IVIL SERVICE .—The term ‘‘civil serv-ice’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2101 of title 5, United States Code. (5) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Defense and the Coast Guard. (6) D
IVERSITY .—The term ‘‘diversity’’ means all the different characteristics and attributes of the workforce of the Depart-ment, which are consistent with the core values of the Department, integral to overall readiness and mission accomplishment, and reflective of the people of the United States. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Defense (and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security in the case of the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Department of the Navy). (8) U
NIFORMED SERVICE .—The term ‘‘uni-formed service’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101 of title 5, United States Code. (9) W
ORKFORCE .—The term ‘‘workforce’’ means an individual serving in a position— (A) in the civil service; or (B) as a member of an armed force, includ-ing a member of a reserve component of an armed force described in section 10101 of title 10, United States Code. (b) D
IVERSITY AND INCLUSION STRATEGIC  P
LAN.—It is the sense of Congress that the Department— (1) should employ an aligned strategic out-reach effort to identify, attract, and recruit from a broad talent pool reflective of the best of the Nation; (2) should be an employer of choice that is competitive in attracting and recruiting top talent; (3) should develop, mentor, and retain top talents across the workforce; (4) should establish the position of the De-partment as an employer of choice by cre-ating a merit-based workforce life-cycle con-tinuum that focuses on personal and profes-sional development through training, edu-cation, and developing employment flexi-bility to retain a highly-skilled workforce; (5) should ensure leadership commitment to an accountable and sustained diversity ef-fort; and (6) should develop structures and strategies to equip leadership with the ability to man-age diversity, be accountable, and engender an inclusive work environment that cul-tivates innovation and optimization within the Department. (c) I
NITIAL REPORTING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every year after until the end of fiscal year 2023, the Secretary shall make available to the public and the appropriate congressional committees a report which includes aggre-gate demographic data and other informa-tion regarding the diversity and inclusion ef-forts of the workforce of the Department. (2) D
ATA.—Each report made available under paragraph (1)— (A) shall include a barrier analysis related to diversity and inclusion efforts; (B) shall include aggregate demographic data— (i) by segment of the workforce of the De-partment and grade or rank; (ii) by uniformed service and civil service job code; (iii) relating to attrition and promotion rates; (iv) that addresses the compliance of the Department with validated inclusion metrics; (v) that provides demographic comparisons to the relevant non-Governmental labor force and the relevant civilian labor force; (vi) on the diversity of selection boards; (vii) on the employment of minority and service-disabled veterans during the most re-cent 10-year period, including— (I) the number hired through direct hires, internships, and fellowship programs; and (II) attrition rates by grade, in the civil service and uniformed service, and in the senior positions; and (viii) on mentorship and retention pro-grams; (C) shall include an analysis of applicant flow data, including the percentage, actual numbers and level of positions (including in-ternship positions) for which data are col-lected and a discussion of any resulting pol-icy changes or recommendations; (D) shall include demographic data relat-ing to participants in professional develop-ment programs of the Department and the rate of placement into senior positions for participants in such programs; (E) shall include any voluntarily collected demographic data relating to the member-ship of any external advisory committee or board to which individuals in senior posi-tions in the Department appoint members; (F) shall be organized in terms of real num-bers and percentages at all levels; and (G) shall be made available in a searchable database format. (3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Secretary may submit to the Office of Management and Budget and to the appropriate congressional committees a recommendation regarding whether the Department should voluntarily collect more detailed data on demographic categories in addition to the race and eth-nicity categories specified in the statistical policy directive issued by the Office of Man-agement and Budget entitled ‘‘Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting Fed-eral Data on Race and Ethnicity’’. In making a recommendation under this paragraph, the Secretary shall engage in close consultation with internal stakeholders, such as employee resource or affinity groups. (4) O
THER CONTENTS .—Each report made available under paragraph (1) shall describe the efforts of the Department to— (A) propagate fairness, impartiality, and inclusion in the work environment domesti-cally and abroad; (B) ensure that harassment, intolerance, and discrimination are not tolerated; (C) refrain from engaging in unlawful dis-crimination in any phase of the employment process, including recruitment, hiring, eval-uation, assignments, promotion, retention, and training; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.142 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4583 July 27, 2017 
(D) prevent illegal retaliation against em-ployees for participating in a protected equal employment opportunity activity; (E) provide reasonable accommodation for qualified employees and applicants with dis-abilities; (F) resolve workplace conflicts, confronta-tions, and complaints in a prompt, impartial, constructive, and timely manner; and (G) recruit a diverse workforce by— (i) recruiting women, minorities, veterans, and undergraduate and graduate students; (ii) recruiting at historically Black col-leges and universities, Hispanic serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; (iii) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in urban communities; (iv) placing job advertisements in news-papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward women and people of color; and (v) recruiting mid-level and senior-level professionals through programs designed to increase minority representation in national security. (5) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The ele- ments of the intelligence community in the Department may make available a single re-port with respect to the diversity and inclu-sion efforts of the workforce of the elements of the intelligence community under this subsection. (d) U
PDATES .—The second report, and each subsequent report, under subsection (c) (which may be provided as part of an annual report required under another provision of law) shall include— (1) demographic data and information on the status of diversity and inclusion efforts of the Department; (2) an analysis of applicant flow data; (3) demographic data relating to partici-pants in professional development programs of the Department and the rate of placement into senior positions for participants in such programs; and (4) the specified data in a searchable data-base format. (e) C
ONDUCT STAY AND EXITINTERVIEWS OR  S
URVEYS .— (1) R
ETAINED MEMBERS .—The Director of the Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity shall conduct periodic interviews or surveys of a representative and diverse cross-section of the members of the workforce of the Department to— (A) understand the reasons of the members for remaining in a position in the Depart-ment; and (B) receive feedback on workplace policies, professional development opportunities, and other issues affecting the decision of the members to remain. (2) D
EPARTING MEMBERS .—The Director of the Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity shall provide an oppor-tunity for an exit interview or survey to each member of the workforce of the Depart-ment who separates from service with the Department, to understand better the rea-sons of the member for leaving. (3) U
SE OF ANALYSIS FROM INTERVIEWS AND  
SURVEYS .—The Director of the Office of Di-versity Management and Equal Opportunity shall analyze and use information obtained through interviews and surveys under para-graphs (1) and (2), including to evaluate— ø(A) if and how the results of the inter-views differ by gender, race, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, dis-ability status, and other demographic cat-egories; and¿ (B) whether to implement any policy changes or recommend the Secretary include recommendations as part of a report re-quired under subsection (c). (4) TRACKING DATA .—The Department shall— (A) track demographic data relating to participants in professional development programs and the rate of placement into sen-ior positions for participants in such pro-grams; and (B) evaluate such data on an annual basis to look for ways to improve outreach and re-cruitment for such programs consistent with merit system principles. ø(C) understand how participation in such programs differs by gender, race, national or-igin, sexual orientation, gender identity, dis-ability status, and other demographic cat-egories; and¿ (D) actively encourage participation from a range of demographic categories, espe-cially from categories with consistently low participation. (f) E
XPAND PROVISION OF PROFESSIONAL DE-
VELOPMENT AND CAREER ADVANCEMENT OP-
PORTUNITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department is au-thorized to expand professional development opportunities that support the mission needs of the Department, such as— (A) academic programs; (B) private-public exchanges; and (C) detail assignments to relevant posi-tions in— (i) private or international organizations; (ii) State, local, and tribal governments; (iii) other branches of the Federal Govern-ment; or (iv) professional schools of international affairs. (2) T
RAINING FOR SENIOR POSITIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Department may offer, or sponsor members of the workforce of the Department to participate in, a Senior Executive Service candidate development program or other program that trains mem-bers of the workforce of the Department on the skills required for appointment to senior positions in the Department. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In determining which members of the workforce of the Department are granted professional development or ca-reer advancement opportunities, the Depart-ment shall— (i) ensure any program offered or sponsored by the Department under subparagraph (A) comports with the requirements of subpart C of part 412 of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto, including merit staffing and assessment requirements; (ii) consider the number of expected vacan-cies in senior positions as a factor in deter-mining the number of candidates to select for such programs; ø(iii) understand how participation in any program offered or sponsored by the Depart-ment under subparagraph (A) differs by gen-der, race, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, and other demographic categories; and ¿ (iv) actively encourage participation from a range of demographic categories, espe-cially from categories with consistently low participation. (3) T
RACKING DATA .—The Department shall— (A) track demographic data relating to participants in professional development programs and the rate of placement into sen-ior positions for participants in such pro-grams; and (B) evaluate such data on an annual basis to look for ways to improve outreach and re-cruitment for such programs consistent with merit system principles. (g) I
NITIATIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department should— (A) continue to seek a diverse and talented pool of applicants; (B) have diversity recruitment as a goal of the human resources department or equiva-lent entity, with outreach at appropriate colleges, universities, and diversity organi-zations and professional associations; and (C) intensify, identify, and build relation-ships with qualified potential minority can-didates. (2) SCOPE.—The diversity recruitment ini-tiatives described in paragraph (1) should in-clude— (A) recruiting at historically black col-leges and universities, Hispanic-serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; (B) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in urban communities; (C) placing job advertisements in news-papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward diverse groups; (D) providing opportunities through highly respected, international leadership pro-grams, that focus on diversity recruitment and retention; and (E) cultivating partnerships with organiza-tions dedicated to the advancement of the profession of international affairs and na-tional security to advance shared diversity goals. 
SA 674. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 590, line 24, strike ‘‘relevant Chief of Mission’’ and insert ‘‘Secretary of State’’. On page 594, line 9, insert ‘‘and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ before ‘‘a report’’. 
SA 675. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE BANKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating section 6387 as section 6388; and (2) by inserting after section 6386 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 6387. Department of Defense family and medical leave banks ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered DOD employee’ means an individual described in section 6381(1)(A) who is employed by the Depart-ment, without regard to whether the indi-vidual meets the requirements of section 6381(1)(B); ‘‘(2) the term ‘Department’ means the De-partment of Defense ‘‘(3) the term ‘designated unit’ means any agency, component, or other administrative unit of the Department designated by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.142 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4584 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(4) the term ‘family and medical leave bank’ means a family and medical leave bank established under subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(5) the term ‘leave recipient’ means a cov-ered DOD employee whose application under subsection (e)(1) to receive leave from a fam-ily and medical leave bank is approved; and ‘‘(6) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Defense. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF FAMILY AND MED-
ICAL LEAVE BANKS .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall— ‘‘(1) designate the agencies, components, or other administrative units of the Depart-ment for which it is appropriate to have a separate family and medical leave bank; and ‘‘(2) establish a family and medical leave bank for each designated unit. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF FAMILY AND MED-
ICAL LEAVE BANKBOARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each family and medical leave bank established by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall establish a Fam-ily and Medical Leave Bank Board consisting of 3 members, at least 1 of whom shall rep-resent a labor organization or employee group, to administer the family and medical leave bank, in consultation with the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—Each Family and Medical Leave Bank Board shall— ‘‘(A) review and determine whether to ap-prove applications to the family and medical leave bank under subsection (e)(1); ‘‘(B) monitor each case of a leave recipient; ‘‘(C) monitor the amount of leave in the family and medical leave bank and the num-ber of applications for use of leave from the family and medical leave bank; and ‘‘(D) maintain an adequate amount of leave in the family and medical leave bank to the greatest extent practicable. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFYING FAMILY AND MEDICAL  
EVENTS .—To the greatest extent practicable, each Family and Medical Leave Bank Board shall use the certification forms and stand-ards established for purposes of section 6382 in determining whether, for purposes of this section, a circumstance described in section 6382(a)(1) exists. ‘‘(d) C
REDITING OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) F
ORFEITED LEAVE .—Any annual leave lost by a covered DOD employee by oper-ation of section 6304 shall be credited to the family and medical leave bank of the des-ignated unit employing the covered DOD em-ployee. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTIONS OF USE OR LOSE  
LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A covered DOD em-ployee who is projected to have annual leave that otherwise would be subject to forfeiture at the end of the leave year under section 6304 may submit an application in writing re-questing that a specified number of hours (not to exceed the number of hours projected to be subject to forfeiture) be transferred from the annual leave account of the covered DOD employee to the family and medical leave bank for the designated unit employ-ing the covered DOD employee. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—If a Family and Medical Leave Bank Board approves an application by a covered DOD employee under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall transfer to the family and medical leave bank of the des-ignated unit employing the covered DOD em-ployee the amount of leave requested to be transferred. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION FOR LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered DOD employee who is or anticipates being absent from regu-larly scheduled duty because of a cir-cumstance described in section 6382(a)(1) (without regard to whether the covered DOD employee is entitled to leave under section 6382(a)(1)) may submit an application to re-ceive leave from the family and medical leave bank of the designated unit employing the covered DOD employee, which shall con-tain such information as the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall by regula-tion prescribe. ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION .—A Family and Med-ical Leave Bank Board may— ‘‘(A) approve an application submitted under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) specify the amount of leave that shall be transferred to a covered DOD employee whose application is approved. ‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Family and Medical Leave Bank Board may not specify an amount of leave to be transferred to a cov-ered DOD employee that is more than the amount of leave described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT .—The amount described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) with respect to a full-time covered DOD employee, 12 weeks; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to a part-time covered DOD employee, the amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) 12 weeks; by ‘‘(II) the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(aa) the number of hours in the regularly scheduled workweek of the part-time cov-ered DOD employee; by ‘‘(bb) the number of hours in the regularly scheduled workweek of a covered DOD em-ployee serving in a comparable position on a full-time basis. ‘‘(4) T
RANSFER .—The Secretary shall trans-fer to a covered DOD employee whose appli-cation is approved under paragraph (2)(A) the number of hours of leave specified under paragraph (2)(B) from the family and medical leave bank for the designated unit employ-ing the covered DOD employee. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION WITH EXISTING FML .—A leave recipient who is entitled to leave under section 6382(a)(1) shall use any leave trans-ferred to the leave recipient from a family and medical leave bank in accordance with section 6382(d)(2). ‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO USE LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any leave transferred to a leave recipient from a family and medical leave bank that is not used before the end of the 12-month period beginning on the date described in subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) shall be forfeited by the leave recipi-ent; and ‘‘(ii) shall be credited to the family and medical leave bank from which the leave was transferred. ‘‘(B) S
TART OF PERIOD FOR USE .—The date described in this subparagraph is the later of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the circumstance de-scribed in section 6382(a)(1) arises; or ‘‘(ii) the date on which leave is transferred to the covered DOD employee under sub-section (e)(4).’’. (b) U
SE OF FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE .— Section 6382(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘An employee may elect’’ the first place it appears; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2)(A) In this paragraph, the term ‘cov-ered DOD employee’ has the meaning given that term in section 6387. ‘‘(B) A covered DOD employee entitled to leave under subsection (a)(1) to whom leave is transferred from a family and medical leave bank under section 6387— ‘‘(i) shall substitute for any leave without pay under subsection (a)(1) the amount of leave transferred to the employee from the family and medical leave bank; and ‘‘(ii) may substitute for any leave without pay under subsection (a)(1) any annual or sick leave accrued or accumulated by such employee under subchapter I. ‘‘(C) A covered DOD employee to whom leave is transferred from a family and med-ical leave bank shall first use all of the transferred leave before using leave de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii). ‘‘(D) The Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management shall prescribe any regu-lations necessary to carry out this para-graph.’’. (c) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 6387 and inserting the following: ‘‘6387. Department of Defense family and medical leave banks. ‘‘6388. Regulations.’’. 
SA 676. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF SPOUSES FOR COSTS OF PROFES-SIONAL RE-LICENSURE AND RE-CER-TIFICATION IN A NEW STATE IN CON-NECTION WITH PERMANENT CHANGES OF STATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1784a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) If established under this subsection, the program under this subsection shall pro-vide for the reimbursement of a spouse of a member of the armed forces described in sub-section (b) (and without regard to the excep-tion in subsection (c)) for costs incurred by the spouse in obtaining professional re-licen-sure or re-certification in a new State in as-sociation with the member’s permanent change of station to a location in such State. ‘‘(B) Reimbursement under this paragraph shall be available for any of the following: ‘‘(i) Application fees to a State board, bar association, or other certifying or licensing body. ‘‘(ii) Exam fees and registration fees paid to a licensing body. ‘‘(iii) Costs of additional coursework re-quired for eligibility for licensing or certifi-cation specific to State concerned (other than costs in connection with continuing education courses). ‘‘(C)(i) The total amount of reimbursement of a spouse under this paragraph in connec-tion with a particular change of station may not exceed $500. ‘‘(ii) Eligibility for reimbursement may not be limited by the grade of the member concerned. ‘‘(D) The total amount reimbursement under this paragraph in any fiscal year may not exceed $2,000,000. ‘‘(E) Reimbursements under this paragraph shall be distributed on a quarterly basis. ‘‘(F) This paragraph shall expire on the en-actment of a credit against the tax imposed by subpart B of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the taxable year an amount equal to the qualified re-licensing costs of an indi-vidual who is married to a member of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.158 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4585 July 27, 2017 
armed forces and who moves to another State with such member under a permanent change of station order.’’. 
SA 677. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STUDY ON UNITED STATES INTER-ESTS IN THE FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate independent entity to conduct a study and assessment of United States secu-rity and foreign policy interests in the Free-ly Associated States of the Republic of Palau, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall address the fol-lowing: (1) The role of the Compacts of Free Asso-ciation in promoting United States defense and foreign policy interests, and the status of the obligations of the United States and the Freely Associated States under the Com-pacts of Free Association. (2) The economic assistance practices of the People’s Republic of China in the Freely Associated States, and the implications of such practices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associ-ated States and the Pacific region. (3) The economic assistance practices of other countries in the Freely Associated States, as determined by the Comptroller General, and the implications of such prac-tices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associated States and the Pacific region. (4) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate for purposes of the study. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .— The Secretary shall provide the entity con-ducting the study pursuant to subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate informa-tion, data, resources, and analysis so that the entity may conduct a thorough and inde-pendent assessment of the matters covered by the study, including the matters specified in subsection (b). (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the results of the study con-ducted pursuant to subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified for, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 678. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ES-TIMATE OF MISSILE DEFENSE COSTS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) An estimate of the costs over the 10- year period beginning on the date of the re-port associated with fielding and maintain-ing the current ballistic and cruise missile defenses of the United States. (2) An estimate of the costs to acquire a national missile defense system sufficient to protect the United States against a ballistic or cruise missile attack from the Russian Federation or the People’s Republic of China. (3) An estimate of the costs to design, launch, maintain, operate, and replenish space-based interceptors and sensors of dif-ferent constellation sizes ranging from lim-ited to comprehensive. 
SA 679. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REALLOCATION OF FUNDS AVAILABLE FOR GROUND-LAUNCHED INTER-MEDIATE RANGE MISSILE TO MILI-TARY CAPABILITIES TO COUNTER RUSSIAN INF TREATY VIOLATIONS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS TO COUNTER  R
USSIAN INF T REATY VIOLATIONS .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of Defense by this Act is hereby increased by $65,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be avail-able for military capabilities to counter vio-lations of the INF Treaty by the Russian Federation. (b) R
EDUCTION OF AMOUNTS FOR GROUND - 
LAUNCHED INTERMEDIATE RANGE MISSILE .— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 201 is hereby reduced by $65,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be applied against amounts available for research, development, test, and evaluation of the ground-launched inter-mediate range missile. (c) INF T
REATY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty be-tween the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Wash-ington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SA 680. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. REPORT ON THE NEED FOR A JOINT CHEMICAL-BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE LOGISTICS CENTER. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the following: (1) A description of the operational need and requirement for a consolidated Joint Chemical-Biological Defense Logistics Cen-ter. (2) Identification of the specific oper-ational requirements for rapid deployment of chemical and biological defense assets and the sustainment requirements for mainte-nance, storage, inspection, and distribution of specialized chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear equipment at the Joint Chemical-Biological Defense Logistics Cen-ter. (3) A definition of program objectives and milestones to achieve initial operating capa-bility and full operating capability. (4) Estimated facility and personnel re-source requirements for use in planning, pro-gramming, and budgeting. (5) An environmental assessment of pro-posed effects in accordance with the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SA 681. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FULL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to Congress a report set-ting forth the following: (1) A description of the work under taken and planned to be undertaken by the Depart-ment of Defense, and the military depart-ments, Defense Agencies, and other organiza-tions and elements of the Department, to test and verify transaction data from feeder systems. (2) A projected timeline of the Department in connection with the audit of the full fi-nancial statements of the Department, in-cluding the following: (A) The date on which the Department projects the beginning of an audit of the full financial statements of the Department, and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Department, for a fiscal year. (B) The date on which the Department projects the completions of audits of the full financial statements of the Department, and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Department, for a fiscal year. (C) The dates on which the Department ex-pects to obtain an unqualified audit opinion on the full financial statements of the De-partment, the military departments, the De-fense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Department for a fiscal year. (D) The anticipated total cost of future au-dits as described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). (3) The anticipated annual costs of main-taining an unqualified audit opinion on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.158 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4586 July 27, 2017 
full financial statements of the Department, the military departments, the Defense Agen-cies, and other organizations and elements of the Department for a fiscal year after an un-qualified audit opinion on such full financial statements for a fiscal year is first obtained. 
SA 682. Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. S ANDERS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1008. FINANCIAL AUDIT FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Department of De-fense does not obtain a qualified audit opin-ion on its full financial statements for fiscal year 2020 by March 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘Financial Audit Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’) for the purpose of activities for the resolution of Notices of Findings and Recommendations received. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Amounts in the Fund shall include the following: (1) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (2) Amounts transferred to the Fund under subsection (d). (3) Any other amounts authorized for transfer or deposit into the Fund by law. (c) A
VAILABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available for activities for the reso-lution of Notices of Findings and Rec-ommendations received. (2) T
RANSFERS FROM FUND .—Amounts in the Fund may be transferred to any other ac-count of the Department in order to fund ac-tivities described in paragraph (1). Any amounts transferred from the Fund to an ac-count shall be merged with amounts in the account to which transferred and shall be available subject to the same terms and con-ditions as amounts in such account, except that amounts so transferred shall remain available until expended. The authority to transfer amounts under this paragraph is in addition to any other authority of the Sec-retary to transfer amounts by law. (3) L
IMITATIONS .—Amounts in the Fund may be transferred under this subsection in a fiscal year only to agencies and organiza-tions of the Department that have an ob-tained an unmodified audit opinion on their financial statements for at least one of the two preceding fiscal years. Amounts so transferred shall be available only to permit the agency or organization to which trans-ferred to carry out activities described in paragraph (1). (d) T
RANSFERS TO FUND IN CONNECTION  W
ITHCERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) R
EDUCTION IN AMOUNT AVAILABLE .—Sub- ject to paragraph (2), if during any fiscal year after fiscal year 2021 the Secretary de-termines that an agency or organization of the Department has not achieved a qualified opinion on its full financial statements, is being identified as not audit ready, is receiv-ing a disclaimer of opinion on its financial statements, or is receiving an adverse opin-ion on its financial statements for the cal-endar year ending during such fiscal year— (A) the amount available to such agency or organization for the fiscal year in which such determination is made shall be equal to— (i) the amount otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such agency or organization for the fiscal year; minus (ii) the lesser of— (I) an amount equal to 0.5 percent of the amount described in clause (i); or (II) $100,000,000; and (B) the Secretary shall deposit in the Fund pursuant to subsection (b)(2) all amounts un-available to agencies and organizations of the Department in the fiscal year pursuant to determinations made under subparagraph (A). (2) INAPPLICABILITY TO AMOUNTS FOR MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL .—Any reduction applicable to an agency or organization of the Depart-ment under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall not apply to amounts, if any, available to such agency or organization for the fiscal year for military personnel. (3) L
IMITATION ON FUNDS TRANSFERRABLE .— The authority to transfer amounts pursuant to this subsection applies only with respect to amounts that are appropriated after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) R
EPORTS ON TRANSFERS .—Not later than 15 days before the transfer of any amount pursuant to this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notice on the transfer, includ-ing the agency or organization whose funds will provide the source of the transfer, the amount of the transfer, and the specific plans for the use of the amount transferred for the resolution of Notices of Findings and Recommendations concerned. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘audit ready’’, with respect to an agency or organization of the Department of Defense, means that the agency or organi-zation has in place the critical audit capa-bilities and associated infrastructure nec-essary to successfully commence and support a financial audit of its relevant financial statements. (2) The term‘‘adverse opinion’’, with re-spect to financial statements, means an opinion by the auditor of the financial state-ments that the financial statements are mis-leading and cannot be relied upon. (3) The term ‘‘disclaimer of opinion’’, with respect to financial statements, means that the auditor of the financial statements was not able to complete the audit work, and cannot issue an opinion, on the financial statements. (4) The term ‘‘qualified opinion’’, with re-spect to financial statements, means an opinion by the auditor of the financial state-ments that the financial statements are reli-able with certain exceptions. (f) C
OORDINATING REPEAL .—Section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking subsection (d). 
SA 683. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ENERGY SECURITY FOR MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS IN EUROPE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) United States military installations in Europe are potentially vulnerable to supply disruptions from foreign governments, espe-cially the Government of the Russian Fed-eration, which could use control of energy supplies in a hostile or weaponized manner. (2) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion has previously shown its willingness to aggressively use energy supplies as a weapon to pressure foreign nations, including Ukraine. (b) AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate measures, to the ex-tent practicable, to— (1) reduce the dependency of all United States military installations in Europe on energy sourced inside Russia; and (2) ensure that all United States military installations in Europe are able to sustain operations in the event of a supply disrup-tion (c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Not later than December 31, 2021, the Secretary of De-fense shall certify to the congressional de-fense committees whether or not every United States military installation in Eu-rope— (1) is dependent to the minimum extent practicable on energy sourced inside the Russian Federation; and (2) has the ability to sustain operations during an energy supply disruption. (d) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the congres-sional defense committees on progress in achieving the goals described in subsection (b), including— (1) an assessment of the operational risks of energy supply disruptions; (2) a description of mitigation measures identified to address such operational risks; (3) an assessment of the feasibility, esti-mated costs, and schedule of diversified en-ergy solutions; and (4) a determination of the minimum prac-ticable usage of energy sourced inside Russia on United States military installations in Europe. (e) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and make publicly available an interim report on progress in achieving the goals described in subsection (b), including the assessments de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (d). (f) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SOURCED INSIDE  R
USSIA .—In this section, the term ‘‘energy sourced inside Russia’’ means energy that is produced, owned, or facilitated by companies that are located in the Russian Federation or owned or controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation. 
SA 684. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 103, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: (1) not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, begin an exposure as-sessment of no less than 8 current or former military installations known to have per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) con-tamination in drinking water, ground water, and any other sources of water and relevant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.143 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4587 July 27, 2017 
exposure vectors, and such assessment shall— (A) include— (i) a statistical sample at each installa-tion, to be determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; (ii) blood testing and bio-monitoring for assessing such contamination; (B) conclude no later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act; and (C) produce findings, which shall be— (i) used to help design the study described in paragraph (2); and (ii) released to the appropriate congres-sional committees not later than 1 year after the conclusion of such assessment; 
SA 685. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1635, add the fol-lowing: (e) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2018 may be used for an action that is not permitted under the INF Treaty on the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 686. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON SIGNIFICANT SECURITY VULNERABILITIES OF THE NA-TIONAL ELECTRIC GRID. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Director of National In-telligence and the Secretary of Energy, sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) Identification of the significant secu-rity vulnerabilities of the national electric grid that are susceptible to significant mali-cious cyber-enabled activities. (2) An assessment of the effect of the secu-rity vulnerabilities identified in paragraph (1) on the readiness of the United States Armed Forces. (3) An assessment of the strategic benefits derived from, and the challenges associated with, isolating military infrastructure from the national electric grid and the use of microgrids by the Armed Forces. (4) Recommendations on actions to be taken— (A) to eliminate or mitigate the security vulnerabilities identified pursuant to para-graph (1); and (B) to address the effect of those security vulnerabilities on the readiness of the Armed Forces identified pursuant to paragraph (2). (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘security vulnerability’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501). (2) The term ‘‘significant malicious cyber- enabled activities’’ include— (A) significant efforts— (i) to deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or destroy an information and communications technology system or network; or (ii) to exfiltrate, degrade, corrupt, destroy, or release information from such a system or network without authorization for purposes of— (I) conducting influence operations; or (II) causing a significant misappropriation of funds, economic resources, trade secrets, personal identifications, or financial infor-mation for commercial or competitive ad-vantage or private financial gain; (B) significant destructive malware at-tacks; and (C) significant denial of service activities. 
SA 687. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle ll of title ll, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS ELIGI-BLE FOR INCREASED PENSION UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ON BASIS OF NEED FOR REGULAR AID AND ATTENDANCE. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF  S
TANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall work with the heads of Federal agencies, States, and such experts as the Secretary considers appropriate to develop and implement Federal and State standards that protect individuals from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices relating to increased pension available to such individuals under chapter 15 of title 38, United States Code, on the basis of need for regular aid and attendance. (2) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives the stand-ards developed under paragraph (1). (b) C
ONDITIONAL RECOMMENDATION BY COMP-
TROLLER GENERAL .—If the Secretary does not, on or before the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives standards that are developed under sub-section (a)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall, not later than the date that is one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, submit to such committees a report containing standards that the Comptroller General determines are stand-ards that would be effective in protecting in-dividuals as described in such subsection. (c) S
TUDY BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .—Not later than 540 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study on standards implemented under this section to protect individuals as described in sub-section (a)(1) and submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report containing the findings of the Comptroller General with re-spect to such study. SA 688. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REGULAR ORDER. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, nothing in this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, shall take ef-fect until the both the Senate and the House of Representatives pass this Act through reg-ular order. 
SA 689. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENT TO HOLD CON-FERENCE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provision of this Act, including any amendment made by this Act, shall take ef-fect until a bipartisan conference has been convened and produced a conference report with respect to this Act, and such conference report has passed the Senate and the House of Representatives. The conference com-mittee shall hold multiple public meetings and consider the input of stakeholders. 
SA 690. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 submitted by Mr. C
ARDIN (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 105. 
SA 691. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 202 and insert the following: 
SEC. lll. WOMEN’S HEALTH CARE PROGRAM. 
Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1947. WOMEN’S HEALTH CARE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 105 of the Health Care Freedom Act, the Sec-retary shall award funds on a competitive basis to any entity that is listed as a family planning essential community provider for the provision of family planning, reproduc-tive health, and related services during the 1 year period that begins on the date of the en-actment of such Act. ‘‘(b) A
PPROPRIATION .—For the purpose of making awards under this section, there are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.143 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4588 July 27, 2017 
authorized to be appropriated, and are appro-priated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obligated, $422,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SA 692. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-self, Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to UH–60 Blackhawk M Model (MYP), strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘1,265,308’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Total Aircraft Procurement, Army, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘5,364,068’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the first item relating to O/A-X Light Attack Fighter, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘873,000’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the second item relating to O/A-X Light Attack Fighter, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘[873,000]’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Total Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘20,243,286’’. 
SA 693. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. PAY FOR CERTAIN EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTORS WORKING IN SEN-SITIVE SECURITY ENVIRONMENTS. 
(a) F EDERAL EMPLOYEES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter IV of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5349A. Pay for prevailing rate employees working in sensitive security environments ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘local wage area’ means a local wage established under section 5343; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘position in a sensitive secu-rity environment’ means a position in which individual— ‘‘(A) is required to have a security clear-ance; or ‘‘(B) performs not less than 50 percent of the official duties of the individual— ‘‘(i) for an element of the intelligence com-munity (as defined under section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))); ‘‘(ii) for a laboratory or research center overseen by the Office for National Labora-tories of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; ‘‘(iii) at an airport; or ‘‘(iv) at a military installation. ‘‘(b) PAYLIMITATION .—The rate of basic pay for a prevailing wage employee in a posi-tion in a sensitive security environment shall be not less than the rate of basic pay for grade 2, level 1 of the WS wage schedule in effect for the local wage area of the duty station of the prevailing rate employee.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter VII of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5349A. Pay for prevailing rate employees working in sensitive security environments.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) P
RIVATE EMPLOYERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) M
INIMUM WAGE FOR EMPLOYEES IN  S
ENSITIVE SECURITY ENVIRONMENTS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF COVERED EMPLOYEE .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered employee’ means an employee who— ‘‘(A) in any workweek is engaged in com-merce or in the production of goods for com-merce, or is employed in an enterprise en-gaged in commerce or in the production of goods for commerce; ‘‘(B) performs duties described in section 5342(a)(2) of section 5, United States Code; and ‘‘(C) is employed in a position in a sen-sitive security environment, as defined in section 5349A(a) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) W
AGE REQUIRED IN SENSITIVE SECURITY  
ENVIRONMENTS .—In lieu of any rate pre-scribed under subsection (a), (b), or (e), any employer shall pay a covered employee a wage rate that is not less than the rate of basic pay for grade 2, level 1 of the WS wage schedule in effect for the local wage area of the duty station of the employee.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect be-ginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) F
EDERAL CONTRACTOR REQUIREMENT .— By not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to require that all Federal contracts for the provision of prop-erty or services include a requirement that the contractor comply with the require-ments of section 6(h) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(h)). 
SA 694. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SHARK FIN TRADE ELIMINATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Sharks are critically important species for their economic, cultural, and ecosystem value. (2) Many shark populations are in peril worldwide and are on the decline. (3) One of the greatest threats to sharks is the global trade in shark fins. It is estimated that fins from as many as 73,000,000 sharks end up in the global shark fin trade every year. (4) Shark fins have no medicinal or nutri-tional value. (5) The trade in shark fins is primarily fo-cused on large coastal and pelagic species that grow slowly, mature late, and have low reproduction rates. (6) Shark fins are often removed and re-tained while the remainder of a shark is dis-carded due to the high market value of shark fins relative to other parts of a shark. (7) Shark fins are removed primarily to be commercialized as a fungible commodity. (8) Shark finning is the cruel practice in which the fins of a shark are cut off on board a fishing vessel at sea. The remainder of the animal is then thrown back into the water to drown, starve, or die a slow death. (9) Although the United States has banned the practice of shark finning aboard vessels in waters controlled by the United States, there is no Federal ban on the removal and sale of shark fins once the fin is brought ashore. (10) Once a shark fin is detached from the body, it becomes impossible to determine whether the shark was legally caught or the fin lawfully removed. (11) It is difficult to determine which spe-cies of shark a fin was removed from, which is problematic because some species are threatened with extinction. (12) The States of Texas, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, Maryland, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, California, and Washington and American Samoa, Guam, and the North Mariana Islands have imple-mented bans on the sale of shark fins. (13) Shark fins possessed, transported, of-fered for sale, sold, or purchased anywhere in the United States are part of a large inter-national market, having a substantial and direct effect on interstate commerce. (14) Abolition of the shark fin trade in the United States will remove the United States from the global shark fin market and will put the United States in a stronger position to advocate internationally for abolishing the shark fin trade in other countries. (b) PROHIBITION ON SALE OF SHARK FINS.— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), no person shall possess, trans-port, offer for sale, sell, or purchase shark fins or products containing shark fins. (2) P
ENALTY .—A violation of paragraph (1) shall be treated as an act prohibited by sec-tion 307 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1857) and shall be penalized pursuant to sec-tion 308(a) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1858(a)), ex-cept that the maximum civil penalty for each violation shall be $100,000, or the fair market value of the shark fins involved, whichever is greater. (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—A person may possess a shark fin that was taken lawfully under a State, territorial, or Federal license or per-mit to take or land sharks, if the shark fin is separated from the shark in a manner con-sistent with the license or permit and is— (1) destroyed or discarded upon separation; (2) used for noncommercial subsistence purposes in accordance with State or terri-torial law; (3) used solely for display or research pur-poses by a museum, college, or university, or other person under a State or Federal permit to conduct noncommercial scientific re-search; or (4) retained by the license or permit holder for a noncommercial purpose. (d) D
OGFISH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall not be a violation of subsection (b) for any person to possess, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:10 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.144 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4589 July 27, 2017 
transport, offer for sale, sell, or purchase any fresh or frozen raw fin or tail from any stock of the species Mustelus canis (smooth dogfish) or Squalus acanthias (spiny dogfish). (2) R
EPORT .—By not later than January 1, 2027, the Secretary of Commerce shall review the exemption contained in paragraph (1) and shall prepare and submit to Congress a report that includes a recommendation on whether the exemption contained in para-graph (1) should continue or be terminated. In preparing such report and making such recommendation, the Secretary shall ana-lyze factors including— (A) the economic viability of dogfish fish-eries with and without the continuation of the exemption; (B) the impact to ocean ecosystems of con-tinuing or terminating the exemption; (C) the impact on enforcement of the ban contained in subsection (b) caused by the ex-emption; and (D) the impact of the exemption on shark conservation. (e) D
EFINITION OF SHARK FIN.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘shark fin’’ means— (1) the raw or dried or otherwise processed detached fin of a shark; or (2) the raw or dried or otherwise processed detached tail of a shark. (f) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to preclude, deny, or limit any right of a State or territory to adopt or enforce any regulation or standard that is more stringent than a regulation or standard in effect under this section. (g) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this section or its application to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the invalidity does not affect other provisions or applica-tions of this section which can be given ef-fect without the invalid provision or applica-tion, and to this end the provisions of this section are severable. 
SA 695. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SHARK FIN TRADE ELIMINATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Sharks are critically important species for their economic, cultural, and ecosystem value. (2) Many shark populations are in peril worldwide and are on the decline. (3) One of the greatest threats to sharks is the global trade in shark fins. It is estimated that fins from as many as 73,000,000 sharks end up in the global shark fin trade every year. (4) Shark fins have no medicinal or nutri-tional value. (5) The trade in shark fins is primarily fo-cused on large coastal and pelagic species that grow slowly, mature late, and have low reproduction rates. (6) Shark fins are often removed and re-tained while the remainder of a shark is dis-carded due to the high market value of shark fins relative to other parts of a shark. (7) Shark fins are removed primarily to be commercialized as a fungible commodity. (8) Shark finning is the cruel practice in which the fins of a shark are cut off on board a fishing vessel at sea. The remainder of the animal is then thrown back into the water to drown, starve, or die a slow death. (9) Although the United States has banned the practice of shark finning aboard vessels in waters controlled by the United States, there is no Federal ban on the removal and sale of shark fins once the fin is brought ashore. (10) Once a shark fin is detached from the body, it becomes impossible to determine whether the shark was legally caught or the fin lawfully removed. (11) It is difficult to determine which spe-cies of shark a fin was removed from, which is problematic because some species are threatened with extinction. (12) The States of Texas, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, Maryland, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, California, and Washington and American Samoa, Guam, and the North Mariana Islands have imple-mented bans on the sale of shark fins. (13) Shark fins possessed, transported, of-fered for sale, sold, or purchased anywhere in the United States are part of a large inter-national market, having a substantial and direct effect on interstate commerce. (14) Abolition of the shark fin trade in the United States will remove the United States from the global shark fin market and will put the United States in a stronger position to advocate internationally for abolishing the shark fin trade in other countries. (b) PROHIBITION ON SALE OF SHARK FINS.— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), no person shall possess, trans-port, offer for sale, sell, or purchase shark fins or products containing shark fins. (2) P
ENALTY .—A violation of paragraph (1) shall be treated as an act prohibited by sec-tion 307 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1857) and shall be penalized pursuant to sec-tion 308(a) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1858(a)), ex-cept that the maximum civil penalty for each violation shall be $100,000, or the fair market value of the shark fins involved, whichever is greater. (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—A person may possess a shark fin that was taken lawfully under a State, territorial, or Federal license or per-mit to take or land sharks, if the shark fin is separated from the shark in a manner con-sistent with the license or permit and is— (1) destroyed or discarded upon separation; (2) used for noncommercial subsistence purposes in accordance with State or terri-torial law; (3) used solely for display or research pur-poses by a museum, college, or university, or other person under a State or Federal permit to conduct noncommercial scientific re-search; or (4) retained by the license or permit holder for a noncommercial purpose. (d) D
OGFISH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall not be a violation of subsection (b) for any person to possess, transport, offer for sale, sell, or purchase any fresh or frozen raw fin or tail from any stock of the species Mustelus canis (smooth dogfish) or Squalus acanthias (spiny dogfish). (2) R
EPORT .—By not later than January 1, 2027, the Secretary of Commerce shall review the exemption contained in paragraph (1) and shall prepare and submit to Congress a report that includes a recommendation on whether the exemption contained in para-graph (1) should continue or be terminated. In preparing such report and making such recommendation, the Secretary shall ana-lyze factors including— (A) the economic viability of dogfish fish-eries with and without the continuation of the exemption; (B) the impact to ocean ecosystems of con-tinuing or terminating the exemption; (C) the impact on enforcement of the ban contained in subsection (b) caused by the ex-emption; and (D) the impact of the exemption on shark conservation. (e) DEFINITION OF SHARK FIN.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘shark fin’’ means— (1) the raw or dried or otherwise processed detached fin of a shark; or (2) the raw or dried or otherwise processed detached tail of a shark. (f) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to preclude, deny, or limit any right of a State or territory to adopt or enforce any regulation or standard that is more stringent than a regulation or standard in effect under this section. (g) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this section or its application to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the invalidity does not affect other provisions or applica-tions of this section which can be given ef-fect without the invalid provision or applica-tion, and to this end the provisions of this section are severable. 
SA 696. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INCLUSION ON THE VIETNAM VET-ERANS MEMORIAL WALL OF THE NAMES OF THE 74 MEMBERS OF THE CREW OF THE U.S.S. FRANK E. EVANS WHO PERISHED ON JUNE 3, 1969. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress ac-knowledge the courage, service, and sacrifice of the crew members of the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans, including the 74 crew members who perished on June, 3, 1969. (b) A
PPROVAL OF INCLUSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of the Inte-rior, approve the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall of the names of the 74 sailors of the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans who perished on June 3, 1969. 
SA 697. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following section: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR TERMINATION OF VETS4WARRIORS CRISIS HOTLINE PROGRAM. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.159 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4590 July 27, 2017 
terminate the Vets4Warriors crisis hotline program unless the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense com-mittees a report describing a sufficient re-placement to such program. 
SA 697. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following section: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR TERMINATION OF VETS4WARRIORS CRISIS HOTLINE PROGRAM. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to terminate the Vets4Warriors crisis hotline program unless the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense com-mittees a report describing a sufficient re-placement to such program. 
SA 698. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ITEMIZED LIST OF ITEMS ACQUIRED FROM FOREIGN ENTITIES THROUGH BUY AMERICAN WAIVERS. 
Section 8302(b)(2)(B) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding an itemized list of all articles, mate-rials, and supplies acquired through such waivers,’’ after ‘‘this chapter’’. 
SA 699. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 812. 
SA 700. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON INTEGRATING INTO THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE WORKFORCE INDIVIDUALS WITH CYBERSECURITY SKILLS WHOSE SERVICES ARE DONATED BY PRIVATE PERSONS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall commence carrying out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of integrating into the workforce of the Depart-ment of Defense individuals who have skills relating to cybersecurity and whose services are donated to the Department of Defense by private persons. (b) D
URATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during the period begin-ning on the date of the commencement of the pilot program and ending on June 1, 2024. (2) E
XTENSION .—At the end of the period set forth in paragraph (1), the Secretary may, as the Secretary considers appropriate, extend the period of the pilot program for such period as the Secretary considers appro-priate, except that such extension shall be less than two years. (c) L
OCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at one or more facili-ties of the Federal Government or a non-profit organization. Such facilities shall be selected by the Secretary to maximize the number of individuals participating in the pilot program consistent with subsection (d)(3). (2) W
ORKSPACES FOR HANDLING CLASSIFIED  
MATERIAL .—The Secretary shall ensure that such facilities include, as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, workspaces for handling classified material. (d) A
PPLICATION AND SELECTION .— (1) A
PPLICATION .—An individual seeking to participate in the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire. (2) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a competitive process for the selection of individuals to participate in the pilot pro-gram. (3) P
RIORITIES .—In selecting individuals to participate in the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall give priority to individuals who have not previously served as an employee or contractor of the Federal Government and who possess technical expertise relating to the defense of information systems. In se-lecting individuals to particupate in the pilot program and individuals to support the pilot program, the Secretary shall also give priority to individuals who will facilitate in-tegration of skilled experts from the private sector into the Federal Government cyberse-curity workforce. (4) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—No more than 250 individuals may concurrently participate in the pilot program. (e) F
EDERAL COLLABORATION .—The Sec-retary shall detail employees of the Depart-ment to the facilities selected under sub-section (c) to maximize productivity, col-laboration, and exchange of knowledge. (f) A
PPOINTMENTS .— (1) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary may use any appro-priate appointment authority, including the authorities for— (A) public-private talent exchanges under section 1599g of title 10, United States Code; (B) an information technology exchange program under section 3702 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding the numerical limitation provided in that section; and (C) appointment under subchapter VI of chapter 33 of such title, except that, for pur-poses of the pilot program, the term ‘‘other organization’’, as used in such subchapter, shall be deemed to include a for-profit orga-nization. (2) COMPENSATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a modification of the compensation provisions or ethics require-ments associated with the appointment au-thorities in paragraph (1). (3) E
XPENSES .—The Secretary may pay for travel and other work-related expenses asso-ciated with individuals participating in the pilot program. (g) D
ETAILING OF PARTICIPANTS .—With the consent of an individual participating in the pilot program, the Secretary may, under the pilot program, detail the individual to an-other Federal department or agency. (h) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The Secretary shall establish an expedited process for pro-viding appropriate security clearances to in-dividuals who participate in the pilot pro-gram, consistent with counterintelligence best practices. (i) A
VOIDANCE OF DUPLICATION .—In car- rying out the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall coordinate with the Defense Digital Service, the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, and such other elements of the United States Government as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to minimize du-plication of effort and facilities. (j) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a pre-liminary report describing the results of the pilot program, recommending how the pilot program could be improved, and providing a recommendation on whether the pilot pro-gram should be made permanent. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a final re-port describing the results of the pilot pro-gram, recommending how the pilot program could be improved, and providing a rec-ommendation on whether the pilot program should be made permanent. 
SA 701. Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 513. EXCLUSION OF MEMBERS OF THE NA-TIONAL GUARD PERFORMING FU-NERAL HONORS FROM COUNTING FOR ACTIVE-DUTY END STRENGTH LEVELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (i) of section 115 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(14) Members of the National Guard on ac-tive duty or full-time National Guard duty for the purpose of carrying out funeral hon-ors activities under section 115 of title 32.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section is amended by strik-ing ‘‘through (8)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (14)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2017, and shall apply with respect to National Guard members ordered to active duty for the purpose of preparing and per-forming funeral honors before, on, or after that date. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.159 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4591 July 27, 2017 
SA 702. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division A, add the following: TITLE XVII—ONLINE SAFETY 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Online Safety Modernization Act of 2017’’. Subtitle A—Interstate Sextortion Prevention 
SEC. 1711. COERCION OF SEXUAL ACTS, SEXUAL CONTACT, OR SEXUALLY INTIMATE VISUAL DEPICTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 124—COERCION OF SEXUAL ACTS, SEXUAL CONTACT, OR SEXUALLY INTIMATE VISUAL DEPICTIONS ‘‘2751. Definitions. ‘‘2752. Coercion of sexual acts. ‘‘2753. Coercion of sexual contact. ‘‘2754. Coerced production of sexually inti-mate visual depictions. ‘‘2755. Coercion using sexually intimate vis-ual depictions. ‘‘2756. Extortion using sexually intimate vis-ual depictions. ‘‘2757. Offenses involving minors. ‘‘2758. Offenses resulting in death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘2759. Attempt. ‘‘2760. Repeat offenders. ‘‘2761. Forfeitures. ‘‘2762. Mandatory restitution. ‘‘2763. Civil action. ‘‘§ 2751. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter: ‘‘(1) A
CTUAL DEPICTION .—The term ‘actual depiction’ means a depiction that has not been fabricated or materially altered to change the appearance or physical character-istics of any individual, object, or activity depicted. ‘‘(2) C
OERCION .—The term ‘coercion’ means— ‘‘(A) a threat of serious harm to or phys-ical restraint against any individual; ‘‘(B) a scheme, plan, or pattern intended to cause a person to believe that failure to per-form an act would result in serious harm to or physical restraint against any individual; or ‘‘(C) the abuse or threatened abuse of law or the legal process. ‘‘(3) C
OMPUTER -GENERATED SEXUALLY INTI -
MATE VISUAL DEPICTION .—The term ‘com-puter-generated sexually intimate visual de-piction’ means a depiction that has been cre-ated, adapted, or modified through the use of any computer technology to appear to be a sexually intimate visual depiction. ‘‘(4) C
RIMINAL ACTION .—The term ‘criminal action’ includes an investigation and pros-ecution that is pending, until final adjudica-tion in the trial court. ‘‘(5) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBER .—The term ‘immediate family member’, with respect to an addressee, means— ‘‘(A) the spouse, parent, legal guardian, grandparent, sibling, child, or grandchild of the addressee, or an individual for whom the addressee serves as legal guardian; or ‘‘(B) any other individual living in the household of the addressee and related to the addressee by blood or marriage. ‘‘(6) INDISTINGUISHABLE .—The term ‘indis-tinguishable’, with respect to a computer- generated sexually intimate visual depic-tion— ‘‘(A) means virtually indistinguishable, in that the computer-generated sexually inti-mate visual depiction is such that an ordi-nary person viewing the computer-generated depiction would conclude that the computer- generated depiction is an actual depiction of the addressee or of an immediate family member or intimate partner of the ad-dressee; and ‘‘(B) does not apply to a depiction that is a drawing, cartoon, sculpture, or painting depicting any individual. ‘‘(7) I
NTIMATE PARTNER .—The term ‘inti-mate partner’, with respect to an addressee, means an individual who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature with the addressee, as determined by the length of the relationship, the type of re-lationship, and the frequency of interaction between the individuals involved in the rela-tionship. ‘‘(8) M
INOR.—The term ‘minor’ means any individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. ‘‘(9) P
RODUCE .—The term ‘produce’ means to create, make, manufacture, photograph, film, videotape, record, or transmit live a sexually intimate visual depiction. ‘‘(10) P
UBLISH .—The term ‘publish’— ‘‘(A) means to circulate, deliver, dis-tribute, disseminate, transmit, or otherwise make available to another person; and ‘‘(B) includes the hosting or display on the Internet. ‘‘(11) S
ERIOUS BODILY INJURY .—The term ‘serious bodily injury’ means bodily injury that involves a substantial risk of death, un-consciousness, extreme physical pain, pro-tracted and obvious disfigurement, or pro-tracted loss or impairment of the function of a bodily member, organ, or mental faculty. ‘‘(12) S
EXUAL ACT .—The term ‘sexual act’ means— ‘‘(A) any genital to genital, oral to genital, anal to genital, or oral to anal contact, not through the clothing; ‘‘(B) the penetration, however slight, of the anal or genital opening of any individual by a hand or finger or by any object; or ‘‘(C) the intentional touching, not through the clothing, of the genitalia of or by any in-dividual. ‘‘(13) S
EXUAL CONTACT .—The term ‘sexual contact’ means the intentional touching, ei-ther directly or through the clothing, of the genitalia, anus, groin, breast, inner thigh, or buttocks of any person, or the intentional transmission or transfer of male or female ejaculate onto any part of another person’s body. ‘‘(14) S
EXUALLY INTIMATE VISUAL DEPIC -
TION.—The term ‘sexually intimate visual de-piction’ means any photograph, film, video, or other recording or live transmission of an individual, whether produced by electronic, mechanical, or other means (including depic-tions stored on undeveloped film and video-tape, data stored on computer disk or by any electronic means that is capable of conver-sion into a visual image, and data that is ca-pable of conversion into a visual image that has been transmitted by any means, whether or not stored in a permanent format), that depicts— ‘‘(A) the naked exhibition of the anus, the post-pubescent female nipple, the genitals, or the pubic area of any individual; ‘‘(B) any actual or simulated sexual con-tact or sexual act; ‘‘(C) bestiality; or ‘‘(D) sadistic or masochistic conduct. ‘‘(15) V
ICTIM .—The term ‘victim’ means the individual harmed as a result of a commis-sion of a crime under this chapter. ‘‘§ 2752. Coercion of sexual acts ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, using the mail or any facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce, to knowingly cause any individual to engage in a sexual act with another individual through coer-cion, fraud, or a threat to injure the person, property, or reputation of any person. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for any term of years or for life, or both. ‘‘(b) T
HREATS .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, with the intent to cause any individual to engage in a sexual act with another individual, to knowingly transmit any communication containing a threat to injure the person, property, or reputation of any person, using the mail or any facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘§ 2753. Coercion of sexual contact ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, using the mail or any facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce, to knowingly cause any individual to engage in sexual con-tact with another individual through coer-cion, fraud, or a threat to injure the person, property, or reputation of any person. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(b) T
HREATS .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, with the intent to cause any individual to engage in sexual contact with another individual, to knowingly transmit any communication containing a threat to injure the person, property, or reputation of any person, using the mail or any facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘§ 2754. Coerced production of sexually inti-mate visual depictions ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘sexually intimate visual depiction’ does not include any computer-generated sexually in-timate visual depiction. ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, in a circumstance described in subsection (c), to knowingly cause any person to produce a sexually intimate visual depiction of any in-dividual through coercion, fraud, or a threat to injure the person, property, or reputation of any person. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) if a sexual act with another individual results, be fined under this title, imprisoned for any term of years or for life, or both; and ‘‘(B) in any other case, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. ‘‘(c) C
IRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED .—The cir- cumstances described in this subsection are that— ‘‘(1) the person uses the mail or any facil-ity or means of interstate or foreign com-merce to cause any person to produce the sexually intimate visual depiction described in subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(2) the person knows or has reason to know that the sexually intimate visual de-piction described in subsection (a)(1) will be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.127 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4592 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(A) transported or transmitted using any means or facility of interstate or foreign commerce, including by computer; ‘‘(B) transported or transmitted in or af-fecting interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(C) mailed; ‘‘(3) the sexually intimate visual depiction described in subsection (a)(1) is produced or transmitted using a material that has been— ‘‘(A) transported or transmitted using any means or facility of interstate or foreign commerce, including by computer; ‘‘(B) transported or transmitted in or af-fecting interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(C) mailed; ‘‘(4) the sexually intimate visual depiction described in subsection (a)(1) is— ‘‘(A) transported or transmitted using any means or facility of interstate or foreign commerce; ‘‘(B) transported or transmitted in or af-fecting interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(C) mailed; or ‘‘(5) any part of the offense occurs— ‘‘(A) in a territory or possession of the United States; or ‘‘(B) within the special maritime and terri-torial jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(d) T
HREATS .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, with the intent to cause a person to produce a sexually intimate visual depiction of any in-dividual, to knowingly transmit any commu-nication containing a threat to injure the person, property, or reputation of any per-son, using the mail or any facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(e) O
FFENSES INVOLVING MINORS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, in any case under this section involving a vic-tim under the age of 18 in which the sexually intimate visual depiction constitutes child pornography, as defined in section 2256(8), the offender shall be punished as provided in section 2251(e). ‘‘§ 2755. Coercion using sexually intimate vis-ual depictions ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘sexually intimate visual depiction’ includes any computer-generated sexually intimate visual depiction of an individual that is in-distinguishable from an actual depiction of the individual. ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, using the mail or any facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce, to knowingly cause any person to engage or refrain from engaging in conduct by transmitting a com-munication containing a threat to publish any sexually intimate visual depiction of— ‘‘(A) the addressee; or ‘‘(B) an immediate family member or inti-mate partner of the addressee. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 7 years, or both. ‘‘(c) T
HREATS .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, with the intent to cause a person to engage or re-frain from engaging in conduct, to know-ingly transmit any communication con-taining a threat to publish any sexually inti-mate visual depiction of the addressee or of an immediate family member or intimate partner of the addressee, using the mail or any facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘§ 2756. Extortion using sexually intimate vis-ual depictions ‘‘(a) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘sexually intimate visual depiction’ includes any computer-generated sexually intimate visual depiction of an individual that is in-distinguishable from an actual depiction of the individual. ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, using the mail or any facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce, to knowingly ex-tort any money, property, or other thing of value from another person by transmitting a communication containing a threat to pub-lish any sexually intimate visual depiction of— ‘‘(A) the addressee; or ‘‘(B) an immediate family member or inti-mate partner of the addressee. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 7 years, or both. ‘‘(c) T
HREATS .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, with the intent to extort any money, property, or other thing of value from any person, to knowingly transmit any communication containing a threat to publish any sexually intimate visual depiction of the addressee or of an immediate family member or intimate partner of the addressee, using the mail or any facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘§ 2757. Offenses involving minors ‘‘(a) O
FFENSES INVOLVING MINORS UNDER  18.—If conduct that violates this chapter in-volves a victim or intended victim who has attained the age of 12 years and has not at-tained the age of 18 years, or who the defend-ant believes has attained the age of 12 years and has not attained the age of 18 years, the maximum term of imprisonment authorized for that offense shall be increased by 5 years. ‘‘(b) O
FFENSES INVOLVING MINORS UNDER  12.—If conduct that violates this chapter in-volves a victim or intended victim who has not attained the age of 12 years, or who the defendant believes has not attained the age of 12 years, the maximum term of imprison-ment authorized for that offense shall be twice that otherwise provided under this chapter. ‘‘§ 2758. Offenses resulting in death or serious bodily injury ‘‘(a) O
FFENSES RESULTING IN DEATH .—A person who commits a violation of this chap-ter that results in the death of any indi-vidual shall be fined under this title, impris-oned for any term of years or for life, or both. ‘‘(b) O
FFENSES RESULTING IN SERIOUS BOD-
ILYINJURY .—A person who commits a viola-tion of this chapter that results in serious bodily injury to any individual shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. ‘‘§ 2759. Attempt ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An attempt to violate section 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), 2754(b)(1), 2755(b)(1), or 2756(b)(1) shall be punishable in the same manner as a completed violation of that section. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—For the purposes of sec-tions 2752, 2753, 2754, 2755, and 2756, conduct consisting exclusively of a violation of 2752(b)(1), 2753(b)(1), 2754(d)(1), 2755(c)(1), or 2756(c)(1) shall not constitute an attempted violation of section 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), 2754(b)(1), 2755(b)(1), or 2756(b)(1), respec-tively. ‘‘§ 2760. Repeat offenders ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘prior sex offense conviction’ means a conviction for an offense— ‘‘(A) under— ‘‘(i) chapter 109A, 110, or 117; or ‘‘(ii) section 1591, 2752(a), 2753(a), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)); or ‘‘(B) under State law or the Uniform Code of Military Justice involving an offense de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or would be such an offense if committed under circumstances supporting Federal jurisdiction; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or posses-sion of the United States. ‘‘(b) M
AXIMUM TERM OF IMPRISONMENT .— Except as provided in section 3559(e), the maximum term of imprisonment authorized for a violation of section 2752(a) or 2753(a), or a violation of paragraph (1) of section 2754(a) that is punishable under paragraph (2)(A) of that section, after a prior sex offense convic-tion shall be twice the term of imprisonment otherwise provided under this chapter. ‘‘§ 2761. Forfeiture ‘‘(a) C
RIMINAL FORFEITURE .—The court, in imposing sentence on any person convicted of a violation of this chapter, shall order, in addition to any other sentence imposed and irrespective of any provision of State law, that the person forfeit to the United States— ‘‘(1) the person’s interest in any property, real or personal, that was used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the com-mission of the violation; and ‘‘(2) any property, real or personal, consti-tuting or derived from any proceeds that the person obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the violation. ‘‘(b) C
IVILFORFEITURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The following shall be subject to forfeiture to the United States and no property right shall exist in them: ‘‘(A) Any property, real or personal, used or intended to be used to commit or to facili-tate the commission of any violation of this chapter. ‘‘(B) Any property, real or personal, that constitutes or is derived from proceeds trace-able to any violation of this chapter. ‘‘(C) Any visual depiction that was pro-duced, used, or intended for use in violation of this chapter. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF CHAPTER 46 .—The provisions of chapter 46 relating to civil for-feitures shall apply to any seizure or for-feiture under this subsection. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF FORFEITED ASSETS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General may transfer assets forfeited under this sec-tion, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy a victim restitution order arising from a violation of this chapter. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF NON -FORFEITED ASSETS .—A transfer under paragraph (1) shall not reduce or otherwise mitigate the obligation of a per-son convicted of a violation of this chapter to— ‘‘(A) satisfy the full amount of a restitu-tion order through the use of non-forfeited assets; or ‘‘(B) reimburse the Attorney General for the value of assets or proceeds transferred under this subsection through the use of non- forfeited assets. ‘‘§ 2762. Mandatory restitution ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3663 or 3663A, and in addition to any other civil or criminal penalty authorized by law, the court shall order restitution for any of-fense under this chapter. ‘‘(b) S
COPE AND NATURE OF ORDER .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘full amount of the victim’s losses’ in-cludes any costs incurred by the victim for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.127 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4593 July 27, 2017 
‘‘(A) medical services relating to physical, psychiatric, or psychological care; ‘‘(B) physical and occupational therapy or rehabilitation; ‘‘(C) necessary transportation, temporary housing, and child care expenses; ‘‘(D) lost income; ‘‘(E) attorney’s fees, in addition to any costs incurred in obtaining a civil protection order; and ‘‘(F) any other losses suffered by the vic-tim as a proximate result of the offense. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTIONS .—An order of restitution under this section shall direct the defendant to pay to the victim (through the appro-priate court mechanism) the full amount of the victim’s losses as determined by the court in accordance with paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) E
NFORCEMENT .—An order of restitution under this section shall be issued and en-forced in accordance with section 3664 in the same manner as an order under section 3663A. ‘‘(4) O
RDER MANDATORY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The issuance of a res-titution order under this section is manda-tory. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION OF OTHER CIR -
CUMSTANCES PROHIBITED .—A court may not decline to issue an order under this section because of— ‘‘(i) the economic circumstances of the de-fendant; or ‘‘(ii) the fact that a victim has, or is enti-tled to, receive compensation for his or her injuries from the proceeds of insurance or any other source. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF CRIME VICTIM ’SRIGHTS .— In the case of a victim who is a minor, in-competent, incapacitated, or deceased, the legal guardian of the victim or representa-tive of the victim’s estate, another family member, or any other person appointed as suitable by the court, may assume the rights of the victim under this chapter, but the de-fendant may not assume those rights. ‘‘§ 2763. Civil action ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An individual who is a victim of an offense under this chapter may— ‘‘(1) bring a civil action against the person who committed the offense (or any person who knowingly benefits, financially or by re-ceiving anything of value, from participation in a venture that the person knew or should have known has engaged in an act in viola-tion of this chapter) in an appropriate dis-trict court of the United States; and ‘‘(2) recover damages and any other appro-priate relief, including reasonable attorney’s fees. ‘‘(b) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY .—A per- son who is found liable in an action under this section shall be jointly and severally liable with each other person, if any, who is found liable in an action under this section for damages arising from the same violation of this chapter. ‘‘(c) S
TAYPENDING CRIMINAL ACTION .—Any action filed under this section shall be stayed during the pendency of any criminal action arising out of the same occurrence in which the claimant is the victim. ‘‘(d) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—An action under this section may not be commenced later than 10 years after the later of— ‘‘(1) the date on which a legal disability ends; or ‘‘(2) the later of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the plaintiff dis-covers the violation that forms the basis for the claim; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the plaintiff dis-covers the injury that forms the basis for the claim.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘124. Coercion of sexual acts, sexual contact, or sexually intimate vis-ual depictions..............................2751’’. (c) DIRECTIVE TO UNITED STATES SEN-
TENCING COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Pursuant to its authority under section 994(p) of title 28, United States Code, and in accordance with this section, the United States Sentencing Commission shall review and amend its guidelines and policy statements applicable to persons con-victed of an offense under chapter 124 of title 18, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), to ensure that the guidelines and policy statements are consistent with that amendment and reflect the intent of Con-gress that the guidelines reflect the serious-ness and great harm caused by the offenses under that chapter. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the United States Sentencing Com-mission shall consider— (A) the mandate of the United States Sen-tencing Commission, pursuant to its author-ity under section 994(p) of title 28, United States Code— (i) to promulgate guidelines that meet the purposes of sentencing as set forth in section 3553(a)(2) of title 18, United States Code; and (ii) in particular, to— (I) ensure that sentencing courts properly consider the seriousness of the offense; (II) promote respect for the law; (III) provide just punishment for the of-fense; (IV) afford adequate deterrence to criminal conduct; and (V) protect the public from further crimes of the defendant; and (B) the intent of Congress that the pen-alties for defendants convicted of an offense under chapter 124 of title 18, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), are appro-priately severe and account for— (i) the nature of the visual depiction, the acts engaged in, and the potential harm re-sulting from the offense; (ii) the number and age of the victims in-volved; and (iii) the degree to which the victims have been harmed. 
SEC. 1712. AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING STATU-TORY OFFENSES. 
(a) Section 843(b)(2)(C) of title 10, United States Code (article 43(b)(2)(C) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting ‘‘, 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 1591’’. (b) Section 1001(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘section 1591,’’. (c) Section 2251(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘section 2752(a)(1), section 2753(a)(1), section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘section 1591,’’. (d) Section 2252(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘section 2752(a)(1), section 2753(a)(1), section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘section 1591,’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘section 2752(a)(1), section 2753(a)(1), section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘under this chapter,’’. (e) Section 2252A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘section 2752(a)(1), section 2753(a)(1), section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘section 1591,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘section 2752(a)(1), section 2753(a)(1), section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘under this chapter,’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘section 2752(a)(1) (if the victim is a minor), section 2753(a)(1) (if the victim is a minor), section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)) and if the victim is a minor),’’ after ‘‘section 1591,’’. (f) Section 2255(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘2422,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘2423’’. (g) Section 2260A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘2423,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘2425,’’. (h) Section 2426(b)(1)(A) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘chapter 110,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, section 2752(a)(1), section 2753(a)(1), or section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 1591’’. (i) Section 2516(1)(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘sec-tions 2752, 2753, 2754, 2755, and 2756 (relating to coercion of sexual acts and related crimes),’’ after ‘‘2425 (relating to transpor-tation for illegal sexual activity and related crimes),’’. (j) Section 3014(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) section 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (relating to coercion of sexual acts and related crimes); or’’. (k) Section 3142 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c), in the flush text fol-lowing subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘2423,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘2425’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(3)(E)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘2423,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘2425’’. (l) Section 3156(a)(4)(C) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if pun-ishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)), or’’ after ‘‘any felony under’’. (m) Section 3282(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, section 2752(a)(1), or section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘chapter 109A’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, section 2752(a)(1), or section 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘chapter 109A’’. (n) Section 3299 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘except for section’’ and in-serting ‘‘except for sections’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 1591’’. (o) Section 3553(b)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1),’’ after ‘‘section 1591,’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.127 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4594 July 27, 2017 
(2) by striking ‘‘In determining’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining’’. (p) Section 3559 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)(F)(i), by inserting ‘‘coerced sexual act (as described in sections 2752(a)(1) and 2754(b)(2)(A));’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse (as described in sections 2241 and 2242);’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘2422(b) (relating to coercion and enticement of a minor into prostitution),’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, or 2752(a)(1) or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)) (re-lating to coercion of sexual acts)’’ after ‘‘2423(a) (relating to transportation of mi-nors)’’. (q) Section 3583(k) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘2423,’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, 2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘2425’’; (3) by striking ‘‘section 1201 or’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 1201,’’; and (4) by inserting ‘‘2752(a)(1), 2753(a)(1), or 2754(b)(1) (if punishable under section 2754(b)(2)(A)),’’ after ‘‘1591,’’ the second place that term appears. (r) Section 2(1) of the PROTECT our Chil-dren Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17601(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘and chapter 117’’ and insert-ing ‘‘chapter 117, or chapter 124’’. Subtitle B—Interstate Swatting Hoax 
SEC. 1721. FALSE COMMUNICATIONS TO CAUSE AN EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1041. False communications to cause an emergency response ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
RIMINAL ACTION .—The term ‘criminal action’ includes an investigation and pros-ecution that is pending, until final adjudica-tion in the trial court. ‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE .—The term ‘emergency response’ means any deployment of personnel or equipment, order or advice to evacuate, or issuance of a warning to the public or a threatened person, organization, or establishment, by— ‘‘(A) an agency of the United States, a State, or, or a local government, charged with public safety functions, including any agency charged with detecting, preventing, or investigating crimes or with fire or rescue functions; or ‘‘(B) a private not-for-profit organization that provides fire or rescue service. ‘‘(3) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, each commonwealth, territory, or pos-session of the United States, and each feder-ally recognized Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL VIOLATION .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, in the absence of circumstances reasonably requir-ing an emergency response, to use the mail or any facility or means of interstate or for-eign commerce to knowingly transmit false or misleading information that would rea-sonably be expected to cause an emergency response. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) if an emergency response results, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both; ‘‘(B) if serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365) results, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both; ‘‘(C) if death results, be fined under this title, imprisoned for any term of years or for life, or both; and ‘‘(D) in any other case, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both. ‘‘(c) CIVILACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person aggrieved by a violation of subsection (b)(1) may— ‘‘(A) bring a civil action against the person who committed the violation in an appro-priate district court of the United States; and ‘‘(B) recover damages and any other appro-priate relief, including reasonable attorney’s fees. ‘‘(2) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY .—A per- son who is found liable under this subsection shall be jointly and severally liable with each other person, if any, who is found liable under this subsection for damages arising from the same violation of this section. ‘‘(3) S
TAY PENDING CRIMINAL ACTION .—Any civil action filed under this subsection shall be stayed during the pendency of any crimi-nal action arising out of the same occurrence in which the claimant is the victim. ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The court, in imposing a sentence on a defendant convicted of an of-fense under subsection (b), shall order the de-fendant to reimburse any agency or organi-zation described in subsection (a)(2) that in-curs expenses incident to any emergency re-sponse necessitated by the offense. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITY .—A person ordered to make reimbursement under this subsection shall be jointly and severally liable for the ex-penses with each other person, if any, who is ordered to make reimbursement under this subsection for the same expenses. ‘‘(3) C
IVIL JUDGMENT .—An order of reim-bursement under this subsection shall, for the purposes of enforcement, be treated as a civil judgment.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘1041. False communications to cause an emergency response.’’. Subtitle C—Interstate Doxxing Prevention 
SEC. 1731. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMA-TION WITH THE INTENT TO CAUSE HARM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 41 of title 18, United State Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 881. Publication of personally identifiable information with the intent to cause harm ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
RIME.—The term ‘crime’ means any Federal or State criminal offense. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL ACTION .—The term ‘criminal action’ includes an investigation and pros-ecution that is pending, until final adjudica-tion in the trial court. ‘‘(3) P
ERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘personally identifiable in-formation’ means— ‘‘(A) any information that can be used to distinguish or trace the identity of an indi-vidual, such as name, prior legal name, alias, mother’s maiden name, social security num-ber, date or place of birth, address, phone number, or biometric data; ‘‘(B) any information that is linked or linkable to an individual, such as medical, fi-nancial, education, consumer, or employ-ment information, data, or records; or ‘‘(C) any other sensitive private informa-tion that is linked or linkable to an indi-vidual, such as gender identity, sexual ori-entation, or any sexually intimate visual de-piction. ‘‘(4) P
UBLISH .—The term ‘publish’ means to circulate, deliver, distribute, disseminate, transmit, or otherwise make available to an-other person. ‘‘(5) S
EXUALLY INTIMATE VISUAL DEPIC -
TION.—The term ‘sexually intimate visual de-piction’ means any photograph, film, video, or other recording or live transmission of an individual, whether produced by electronic, mechanical, or other means (including depic-tions stored on undeveloped film and video-tape, data stored on computer disk or by any electronic means that is capable of conver-sion into a visual image, and data that is ca-pable of conversion into a visual image that has been transmitted by any means, whether or not stored in a permanent format), that depicts— ‘‘(A) the naked exhibition of the anus, the post-pubescent female nipple, the genitals, or the pubic area of any individual; ‘‘(B) any actual or simulated sexual con-tact or sexual act (as defined in section 2751); ‘‘(C) bestiality; or ‘‘(D) sadistic or masochistic conduct. ‘‘(b) CRIMINAL VIOLATION .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful to use the mail or any facility or means of inter-state or foreign commerce to knowingly pub-lish the personally identifiable information of an individual— ‘‘(A) with the intent to— ‘‘(i) threaten, intimidate, or harass any in-dividual; ‘‘(ii) incite or facilitate the commission of a crime against any individual; or ‘‘(iii) place any individual in reasonable fear of death or serious bodily injury; or ‘‘(B) with the intent that the information will be used to— ‘‘(i) threaten, intimidate, or harass any in-dividual; ‘‘(ii) incite or facilitate the commission of a crime against any individual; or ‘‘(iii) place any individual in reasonable fear of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(c) C
IVILACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An individual who is a victim of an offense under this section may— ‘‘(A) bring a civil action against the person who commits the offense in an appropriate district court of the United States; and ‘‘(B) recover damages and any other appro-priate relief, including reasonable attorney’s fees. ‘‘(2) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY .—A per- son who is found liable under this subsection shall be jointly and severally liable with each other person, if any, who is found liable under this subsection for damages arising from the same violation of this section. ‘‘(3) S
TAY PENDING CRIMINAL ACTION .—Any civil action filed under this subsection shall be stayed during the pendency of any crimi-nal action arising out of the same occurrence in which the claimant is the victim. ‘‘(d) A
TTEMPT .—An attempt to violate sub-section (b)(1) shall be punishable in the same manner as a completed violation of that sub-section. ‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES OF LAWENFORCEMENT .— This section shall not be construed to pro-hibit any lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or intelligence activity of a law enforcement agency of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, or of an intelligence agency of the United States.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 41 title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘881. Publication of personally identifiable information with the intent to cause harm.’’. 
SA 703. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.127 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4595 July 27, 2017 
reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT FEDERAL HEALTH PROGRAMS MUST PROTECT WOMEN’S ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Federal health care programs must protect women’s access to quality, affordable health care at the provider of their choice and that Con-gress should not restrict or prohibit Federal funding to Planned Parenthood health cen-ters or other high quality family planning providers. Further, it is the sense of the Sen-ate that States should not take any action pursuant to any provision of this Act that would allow for discrimination against a pro-vider based on the provision of constitu-tionally protected reproductive health care. 
SA 704. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING INDIVIDUALS FROM LOS-ING THEIR HEALTH COVERAGE. 
Nothing in this Act (or an amendment made by this Act) shall be implemented in any manner that could result in the loss of health care coverage for people with Diabe-tes. 
SA 705. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING INDIVIDUALS FROM LOS-ING THEIR HEALTH COVERAGE. 
Nothing in this Act (or an amendment made by this Act) shall be implemented in any manner that could result in the loss of health care coverage for pregnant women. 
SA 706. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING INDIVIDUALS FROM HIGHER HEALTH INSURANCE PRE-MIUMS. 
Nothing in this Act (or the amendments made by this Act) shall take effect if any part of the Act (or amendments) has the ef-fect of increasing health insurance premiums for people with Diabetes. 
SA 707. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. PROTECTING INDIVIDUALS FROM HIGHER HEALTH INSURANCE PRE-MIUMS. 
Nothing in this Act (or the amendments made by this Act) shall take effect if any part of the Act (or amendments) has the ef-fect of increasing health insurance premiums for pregnant women. 
SA 708. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. EXPANDING THE DUTIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING. 
Section 133a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) providing the Secretary with rec-ommendations relating to unfunded require-ments on matters, activities, and programs described in paragraph (2), including mili-tary construction projects.’’. 
SA 709. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FIRE PROTEC-TION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) A 2009 Consumer Product Safety Com-mission study found a full 370,000 residential fires are suppressed by portable fire extin-guishers annually. (2) Throughout the United States, of the 48,460 fires in buildings equipped with sprin-klers from 2007 to 2011, 40,440, or 83 percent, never grew large enough to activate sprin-klers, indicating many fires are successfully suppressed by portable fire extinguishers. (3) Section 9-17.1 of the Unified Facilities Criteria 3-600-01 changes the Department of Defense building code by stating, ‘‘General purpose portable fire extinguishers are not required when the Facility is provided with complete automatic sprinkler protection and a fire alarm system in accordance with this UFC.’’ (4) This new language is a departure from national model fire codes, and is also a sig-nificant change from the last Unified Cri-teria governing portable extinguishers. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) portable fire extinguishers are essential to the safety of members of the Armed Forces and their families; (2) the current United Facilities Criteria provides members of the Armed Forces, their families, and other Department of Defense personnel with less fire protection than that of civilian counterparts by deviating from fire safety codes used across the country and not requiring portable extinguishers on mili-tary installations; (3) United Facilities Criteria 3-600-01, Sec-tion 4-9, dated September 26, 2006, clearly keeps Department of Defense Facilities in line with the national and international standards for fire safety; and (4) the Secretary of Defense should amend current United Facilities Criteria Section 9- 17.1 to reflect the standards established by United Facilities Criteria 3-600-01, Section 4- 9, dated September 26, 2006. SA 710. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VE-HICLE MODERNIZATION AND SUSTAINMENT OF ASSURED ACCESS TO SPACE. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT .— (1) E
VOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHI -
CLE.—Using funds described in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may only obligate or expend funds to carry out the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle program to— (A) develop a domestic rocket propulsion system to replace non-allied space launch engines; (B) develop the necessary interfaces to, or integration of, such domestic rocket propul-sion system with an existing or new launch vehicle; (C) develop capabilities necessary to enable new or existing commercially available space launch vehicles or infrastructure to meet any requirements that are unique to national security space missions to meet the assured access to space requirements pursu-ant to section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to only— (i) modifications to such vehicles required for national security space missions, includ-ing— (I) certification and compliance of such ve-hicles for use in national security space mis-sions; (II) fairings necessary for the launch of na-tional security space payloads to orbit; and (III) other upgrades to meet performance, reliability, and orbital requirements that cannot otherwise be met through the use of new or existing commercially available launch vehicles; and (ii) the development of infrastructure nec-essary for national security space missions, such as infrastructure for the use of heavy launch vehicles, including— (I) facilities and equipment for the vertical integration of payloads; (II) secure facilities for the processing of classified payloads; and (III) other facilities and equipment, includ-ing ground systems and expanded capabili-ties, unique to national security space launches and the launch of national security payloads; (D) conduct activities to modernize and improve existing certified launch vehicles, or existing launch vehicles previously con-tracted for use by the Air Force, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.160 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4596 July 27, 2017 
restarting a dormant supply chain, and in-frastructure to increase the cost effective-ness of the launch system; (E) certify new, modified, or existing launch vehicle systems; or (F) develop, design, and integrate parts for new launch vehicle systems necessary for na-tional security use. (2) F
UNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in this paragraph are the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for re-search, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. (b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section shall affect or prohibit the Secretary from procuring launch services of evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle launch systems, in-cluding with respect to any associated oper-ation and maintenance of capabilities and infrastructure relating to such systems. (c) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days before any date on which the Secretary pub-lishes a draft or final request for proposals, or obligates funds, for the development under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of such proposed draft or final request for proposals or proposed obligation, as the case may be. If such proposed draft or final re-quest for proposals or proposed obligation re-lates to intelligence requirements, the Sec-retary shall also notify the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (d) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Di-rector of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report containing an assessment of the most cost-effective method to meet the assured access to space requirements pursuant to section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to each of the following periods: (1) The five-year period beginning on the date of the report. (2) The 10-year period beginning on the date of the report. (3) The period consisting of the full lifecycle of the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. (e) R
OCKET PROPULSION SYSTEM DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘rocket propulsion system’’ means, with respect to the develop-ment authorized by subsection (a)(1), a main booster, first-stage rocket engine (including such an engine using kerosene or methane- based or other propellant) or motor. The term does not include a launch vehicle, an upper stage, a strap-on motor, or related in-frastructure. 
SA 711. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1243 through 1250 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1243. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2494), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’. (b) FUNDING FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018.—Sub- section (f) of such section 1250, as added by subsection (a) of such section 1237, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B) and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘From amounts’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—From amounts’’; (3) in paragraph (1), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) For fiscal year 2018, $500,000,000.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts made available pursuant to paragraph (1) for the purposes of subsection (a) shall remain available until expended.’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Subsection (c) of such section 1250, as amended by sub-section (c) of such section 1237, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘pursuant to subsection (f)(2)’’ the following: ‘‘, or more than $250,000,000 of the funds available for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to sub-section (f)(3),’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘with respect to the fiscal year concerned’’ after ‘‘is a certification’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and improvement in trans-parency, accountability, and potential op-portunities for privatization in the defense industrial sector’’ and inserting ‘‘sustainment, inventory management prac-tices, progress in improving the security of proprietary or sensitive foreign defense tech-nology’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by inserting after ‘‘additional action is needed’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and a description of the method-ology used to evaluate whether Ukraine has made progress in defense institutional re-forms relative to previously established goals and objectives’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or 2018’’ after ‘‘in fiscal year 2017’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘in paragraph (2), such funds may be used in that fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘in paragraph (2) with respect to such fiscal year, such funds may be used in such fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 1244. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY ON TRAIN-ING FOR EASTERN EUROPEAN NA-TIONAL SECURITY FORCES IN THE COURSE OF MULTILATERAL EXER-CISES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2282 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 through calendar year 2020’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘military’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘security’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘that’’ and inserting ‘‘than’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘section 2282’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 16’’. SEC. 1245. SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR BALTIC NATIONS FOR JOINT PROGRAM FOR RESILIENCY AND DETERRENCE AGAINST AGGRESSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, conduct or support a joint program of the Baltic nations to improve their resil-ience against and build their capacity to deter aggression by the Russian Federation. (b) J
OINT PROGRAM .—For purposes of sub-section (a), a joint program of the Baltic na-tions may be either of the following: (1) A program jointly agreed by the Baltic nations that builds interoperability among those countries. (2) An agreement for the joint procurement by the Baltic nations of defense articles or services using assistance provided pursuant to subsection (a). (c) P
ARTICIPATION OF OTHER COUNTRIES .— Any country other than a Baltic nation may participate in the joint program described in subsection (a), but only using funds of such country. (d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The total amount of assistance provided pursuant to subsection (a) in fiscal year 2018 may not ex-ceed $100,000,000. (e) F
UNDING .—Amounts for assistance pro-vided pursuant to subsection (a) shall be de-rived from amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act and available for the Eu-ropean Deterrence Initiative (EDI). (f) B
ALTIC NATIONS DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Baltic nations’’ means the following: (1) Estonia. (2) Latvia. (3) Lithuania. 
SEC. 1246. ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLV-ING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1245(b) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566), as most recently amended by section 1235(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2490), is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (14) through (20) as paragraphs (15) through (21), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing new paragraph (14): ‘‘(14) An assessment of Russia’s hybrid war-fare strategy and capabilities, including— ‘‘(A) Russia’s information warfare strategy and capabilities, including the use of misin-formation, disinformation, and propaganda in social and traditional media; ‘‘(B) Russia’s financing of political parties, think tanks, media organizations, and aca-demic institutions; ‘‘(C) Russia’s malicious cyber activities; ‘‘(D) Russia’s use of coercive economic tools, including sanctions, market access, and differential pricing, especially in energy exports; and ‘‘(E) Russia’s use of criminal networks and corruption to achieve political objectives.’’. 
SEC. 1247. ANNUAL REPORT ON ATTEMPTS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO PRO-VIDE DISINFORMATION AND PROPA-GANDA TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES BY SOCIAL MEDIA. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on attempts by the Russian Federation, or any foreign per-son acting as an agent of or on behalf of the Russian Federation, during the preceding year to knowingly disseminate Russian Fed-eration-supported disinformation or propa-ganda, through social media applications or related Internet-based means, to members of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.134 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4597 July 27, 2017 
the Armed Forces with probable intent to cause injury to the United States or advan-tage the Government of the Russian Federa-tion. (b) F
ORM.—Each report under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1248. SUPPORT OF EUROPEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE TO DETER RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Military exercises, such as Exercise Nifty Nugget and Exercise Reforger during the Cold War, have historically made impor-tant contributions to testing operational concepts, technologies, and leadership ap-proaches; identifying limiting factors in the execution of operational plans and appro-priate corrective action; and bolstering de-terrence against adversaries by dem-onstrating United States military capabili-ties. (2) Military exercises with North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies enhance the interoperability and strategic credibility of the alliance. (3) The increase in conventional, nuclear, and hybrid threats by the Russian Federa-tion against the security interests of the United States and allies in Europe requires substantial and sustained investment to im-prove United States combat capability in Europe. (4) The decline of a permanent United States military presence in Europe in recent years increases the likelihood the United States will rely on being able to flow forces from the continental United States to the European theater in the event of a major contingency. (5) Senior military leaders, including the Commander of United States Transportation Command, have warned that a variety of in-creasingly advanced capabilities, especially the proliferation of anti-access, area denial (A2/AD) capabilities, have given adversaries of the United States the ability to challenge the freedom of movement of the United States military in all domains from force de-ployment to employment to disrupt, delay, or deny operations. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, to enhance the European De-terrence Initiative and bolster deterrence against Russian aggression, the United States, together with North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies and other European part-ners, should demonstrate its resolve and ability to meet its commitments under Arti-cle V of the North Atlantic Treaty through appropriate military exercises with an em-phasis on participation of United States forces based in the continental United States and testing strategic and operational logis-tics and transportation capabilities. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) An analysis of the challenges to the ability of the United States to flow signifi-cant forces from the continental United States to the European theater in the event of a major contingency. (B) The plans of the Department of De-fense, including the conduct of military ex-ercises, to address such challenges. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1249. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE EURO-PEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the European Deterrence Initiative will bolster efforts to deter further Russian ag-gression by providing resources to— (A) train and equip the military forces of North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and non-North Atlantic Treaty Organization partners in order to improve responsiveness, expand expeditionary capability, and strengthen combat effectiveness across the spectrum of security environments; (B) enhance the indications and warning, interoperability, and logistics capabilities of Allied and partner military forces to in-crease their ability to respond to external aggression, defend sovereignty and terri-torial integrity, and preserve regional sta-bility; (C) improve the agility and flexibility of military forces required to address threats across the full spectrum of domains and ef-fectively operate in a wide array of coalition operations across diverse global environ-ments from North Africa and the Middle East to Eastern Europe and the Arctic; and (D) mitigate potential gaps forming in the areas of information warfare, Anti-Access Area Denial, and force projection; (2) investments that support the security and stability of Europe, and that assist Euro-pean nations in further developing their se-curity capabilities, are in the long-term vital national security interests of the United States; and (3) funds for such efforts should be author-ized and appropriated in the base budget of the Department of Defense in order to ensure continued and planned funding to address long-term stability in Europe, reassure the European allies and partners of the United States, and deter further Russian aggression. SEC. 1250. ENHANCEMENT OF UKRAINE SECU-RITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250(b) of National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 126 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2495), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(12) Treatment of wounded Ukraine sol-diers in the United States in medical treat-ment facilities through the Secretarial Des-ignee Program, and transportation, lodging, meals, and other appropriate non-medical support in connection with such treatment (including incidental expenses in connection with such support). ‘‘(13) Air defense and coastal defense ra-dars. ‘‘(14) Naval mine and counter-mine capa-bilities. ‘‘(15) Littoral-zone and coastal defense ves-sels.’’. 
SA 712. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PLAN TO MEET DEMAND FOR CYBER-SPACE CAREER FIELDS IN THE RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for meeting the increased demand for cyber-space career fields in the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan shall take into account the following: (1) The availability of qualified local workforces. (2) Potential best practices of private sec-tor companies involved in cyberspace and of educational institutions with established cyberspace-related academic programs. (3) The potential for Total Force Integra-tion throughout the defense cyber commu-nity. (4) Recruitment strategies to attract indi-viduals with critical cyber training and skills to join the reserve components. (c) METRICS .—The plan shall include appro-priate metrics for use in the evaluation of the implementation of the plan. 
SA 713. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Section 1042 is amended to read as follows: 
SEC. 1042. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTEGRA-TION OF INFORMATION OPER-ATIONS AND CYBER-ENABLED IN-FORMATION OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NTEGRATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE INFORMATION OPERATIONS AND CYBER - 
ENABLED INFORMATION OPERATIONS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF CROSS -FUNCTIONAL  
TASK FORCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a cross-functional task force consistent with section 911(c)(1) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) to integrate across the organizations of the Department of Defense responsible for information operations, military deception, public affairs, electronic warfare, and cyber operations to produce integrated strategy, planning, and budgeting to counter, deter, and conduct strategic information oper-ations and cyber-enabled information oper-ations. (B) D
UTIES .—The task force shall carry out the following: (i) Development of a strategic framework for the conduct by the Department of De-fense of information operations, including cyber-enabled information operations, co-ordinated across all relevant Department of Defense entities, including both near-term and long-term guidance for the conduct of such coordinated operations. (ii) Development and dissemination of a common operating paradigm across the orga-nizations specified in subparagraph (A) of the influence, deception, and propaganda activi-ties of key malign actors, including in cyber-space. (iii) Development of guidance for, and pro-motion of, the liaison capability of the De-partment to interact with the private sector, including social media, on matters related to the influence activities of malign actors. (iv) Serve as the primary Department of Defense liaison with the Global Engagement Center and other relevant Federal entities in carrying out the purpose set forth in section 1287(a)(2) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note). (2) H
EAD OF CROSS -FUNCTIONAL TASK  
FORCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall appoint as the head of the task force such individual as the Secretary considers appropriate from among individuals serving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.134 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4598 July 27, 2017 
in the Department as an Under Secretary of Defense or in such other position within the Department of lesser order of precedence. (B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the head of the task force are as follows: (i) Oversight of strategic policy and guid-ance. (ii) Overall resource allocation for the in-tegration of information operations and cyber operations of the Department. (iii) Ensuring the task force faithfully pur-sues the purpose set forth in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) and carries out its duties as set forth in subparagraph (B) of such para-graph. (iv) Carrying out such activities as are re-quired of the head of the task force under subsections (b) and (c). (v) Coordination with the head of the Glob-al Engagement Center in support of the exe-cution of the purpose set forth in section 1287(a)(2) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS AND PLANS FOR INFORMA -
TION OPERATIONS .— (1) C
OMBATANT COMMAND PLANNING AND RE -
GIONAL STRATEGY .—(A) The Secretary shall require each commander of a combatant command to develop, in coordination with the relevant regional Assistant Secretary of State or Assistant Secretaries of State and with the assistance of the Coordinator of the Global Engagement Center and the head of the task force appointed under subsection (a)(2)(A), a regional information strategy and interagency coordination plan for car-rying out the strategy, where applicable. (B) The Secretary shall require each com-mander of a combatant command to develop such requirements and specific plans as may be necessary for the conduct of information operations in support of the strategy re-quired in subparagraph (A), including plans for deterring information operations, par-ticularly in the cyber domain, by malign ac-tors against the United States, allies of the United States, and interests of the United States. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN FOR DEPARTMENT  
OF DEFENSE STRATEGY FOR OPERATIONS IN THE  
INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of the task force shall— (i) review the Department of Defense Strategy for Operations in the Information Environment, dated June 2016; and (ii) submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for implementation of such strategy. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation plan shall include, at a minimum, the following: (i) An accounting of the efforts undertaken in support of the strategy described in sub-paragraph (A)(i) since it was issued in June 2016. (ii) A description of any updates or changes to such strategy that have been made since it was first issued, as well as any expected updates or changes in light of the establish-ment of the task force. (iii) A description of the role of the Depart-ment as part of a broader whole-of-govern-ment strategy for strategic communications, including assumptions about the roles and contributions of other Government depart-ments and agencies to such a strategy. (iv) Defined actions, performance metrics, and projected timelines to achieve the fol-lowing specified tasks: (I) Train, educate, and prepare com-manders and their staffs, and the Joint Force as a whole, to lead, manage, and con-duct operations in the information environ-ment. (II) Train, educate, and prepare informa-tion operations professionals and practi-tioners to enable effective operations in the information environment. (III) Manage information operations pro-fessionals, practitioners, and organizations to meet emerging operational needs. (IV) Establish a baseline assessment of cur-rent ability of the Department to conduct operations in the information environment, including an identification of the types of units and organizations currently respon-sible for building and employing informa-tion-related capabilities and an assignment of appropriate roles and missions for each type of unit or organization. (V) Develop the ability of the Department and operating forces to engage, assess, char-acterize, forecast, and visualize the informa-tion environment. (VI) Develop and maintain the proper capa-bilities and capacity to operate effectively in the information environment in coordina-tion with implementation of related cyber and other strategies. (VII) Develop and maintain the capability to assess accurately the effect of operations in the information environment. (VIII) Adopt, adapt, and develop new science and technology for the Department to operate effectively in the information en-vironment. (IX) Develop and adapt information envi-ronment-related concepts, policies, and guid-ance. (X) Ensure doctrine relevant to operations in the information environment remains cur-rent and responsive based on lessons learned and best practices. (XI) Develop, update, and de-conflict au-thorities and permissions, as appropriate, to enable effective operations in the informa-tion environment. (XII) Establish and maintain partnerships among Department and interagency part-ners, including the Global Engagement Cen-ter, to enable more effective whole-of-gov-ernment operations in the information envi-ronment. (XIII) Establish and maintain appropriate interaction with entities that are not part of the Federal Government, including entities in industry, entities in academia, federally funded research and development centers, and other organizations, to enable oper-ations in the information environment. (XIV) Establish and maintain collabora-tion between and among the Department and international partners, including partner countries and nongovernmental organiza-tions, to enable more effective operations in the information environment. (XV) Foster, enhance, and leverage part-nership capabilities and capacities. (v) An analysis of any personnel, resourcing, capability, authority, or other gaps that will need to be addressed to ensure effective implementation of the strategy de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) across all rel-evant elements of the Department. (vi) An investment framework and pro-jected timeline for addressing any gaps iden-tified under clause (v). (vii) Such other matters as the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (C) P
ERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the im-plementation plan is submitted under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) and not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter until the date that is three years after the date of such submittal, the head of the task force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the status of the efforts of the Department to accomplish the tasks specified under clauses (iv) and (vi) of subparagraph (B). (c) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—Consistent with the elements of the implementation plan required under clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-section (b)(2)(B)(4), the head of the task force shall establish programs to provide training and education to such members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Depart-ment of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure understanding of the role of information in warfare, the central goal of all military operations to affect the perceptions, views, and decisionmaking of adversaries, and the effective management and conduct of operations in the information environment. (d) ESTABLISHMENT OF DEFENSE INTEL -
LIGENCE OFFICER FOR INFORMATION OPER-
ATIONS AND CYBER OPERATIONS .—The Sec- retary shall establish a position within the Department of Defense known as the ‘‘De-fense Intelligence Officer for Information Op-erations and Cyber Operations’’. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘head of the task force’’ means the head appointed under subsection (a)(2)(A). (2) The term ‘‘implementation plan’’ means the plan required by subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii). (3) The term ‘‘task force’’ means the cross- functional task force established under sub-section (a)(1)(A). 
SA 714. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. EXCEPTION FROM PUBLIC DISCLO-SURE OF MANIFEST INFORMATION FOR THE SHIPMENT OF HOUSEHOLD GOODS OF MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED FORCES AND FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES. 
Section 431(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1431(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon and ‘‘or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) the shipment consists of used house-hold goods and personal effects, including personally owned vehicles, which are items that are for residential or professional use, are not for commercial resale, and are owned by a private individual who is— ‘‘(i) an employee, as that term is defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, who is shipping the goods and effects as part of a transfer of the employee from one offi-cial station to another for permanent duty or the spouse or dependent, as that term is defined in section 8901 of such title, of such employee; or ‘‘(ii) a member of a uniformed service, as that term is defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code, who is shipping the goods and effects as part of a permanent change of station or a dependent, as that term is defined in section 401 of such title, of such member.’’. 
SA 715. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.135 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4599 July 27, 2017 
for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. MODERNIZATION OF GOVERNMENT IN-FORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Technology Modernization Board established under subsection (c)(3)(A). (2) C
LOUD COMPUTING .—The term ‘‘cloud computing’’ has the meaning given the term by the National Institute of Standards and Technology in NIST Special Publication 800– 145 and any amendatory or superseding docu-ment thereto. (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of the Technology Transformation Service of the General Services Administration. (4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (5) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Technology Modernization Fund established under subsection (c)(2)(A). (6) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. (7) IT 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND .—The term ‘‘IT working capital fund’’ means an infor-mation technology system modernization and working capital fund established under subsection (b)(2)(A). (8) L
EGACY INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘‘legacy information tech-nology system’’ means an outdated or obso-lete system of information technology. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF AGENCY INFORMA -
TION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  
ANDWORKING CAPITAL FUNDS .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means each agency listed in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. (2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM MOD -
ERNIZATION AND WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The head of a covered agency may establish within the covered agency an information technology system modernization and working capital fund for necessary expenses described in subpara-graph (C). (B) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The following amounts may be deposited into an IT work-ing capital fund: (i) Reprogramming and transfer of funds made available in appropriations Acts en-acted after the date of enactment of this Act, including the transfer of any funds for the operation and maintenance of legacy in-formation technology systems, in compli-ance with any applicable statutory transfer authority or reprogramming law or guide-lines of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act. (ii) Amounts made available to the IT working capital fund through discretionary appropriations made available after the date of enactment of this Act. (C) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An IT working capital fund may only be used, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations— (i) to improve, retire, or replace existing information technology systems in the cov-ered agency to enhance cybersecurity and to improve efficiency and effectiveness; (ii) to transition legacy information tech-nology systems at the covered agency to cloud computing and other innovative plat-forms and technologies, including those serv-ing more than 1 covered agency with com-mon requirements; (iii) to assist and support covered agency efforts to provide adequate, risk-based, and cost-effective information technology capa-bilities that address evolving threats to in-formation security; and (iv) to reimburse funds transferred to the covered agency from the Fund with the ap-proval of the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with the Chief Financial Offi-cer, of the covered agency. (D) EXISTING FUNDS .—An IT working cap-ital fund may not be used to supplant funds provided for the operation and maintenance of any system within an appropriation for the covered agency at the time of establish-ment of the IT working capital fund. (E) P
RIORITIZATION OF FUNDS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each covered agency— (I) shall prioritize funds within the IT working capital fund of the covered agency to be used initially for cost savings activities approved by the Chief Information Officer of the covered agency, in consultation with the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government; and (II) may reprogram and transfer any amounts saved as a direct result of the cost savings activities approved under subclause (I) for deposit into the IT working capital fund of the covered agency, consistent with subparagraph (B)(i). (ii) R
EPORT .—The Chief Information Offi-cer of each covered agency shall document and submit to the Administrator of the Of-fice of Electronic Government a report on any cost savings activities approved under clause (i)(I). (F) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds deposited into an IT working capital fund shall be available for obligation for the 3-year period beginning on the last day of the fiscal year in which the funds were deposited. (ii) T
RANSFER OF UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .— Any amounts in an IT working capital fund that are unobligated at the end of the 3-year period described in clause (i) shall be trans-ferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (G) A
GENCY CIO RESPONSIBILITIES .—In eval- uating projects to be funded by the IT work-ing capital fund of a covered agency, the Chief Information Officer of the covered agency shall consider, to the extent applica-ble, guidance issued under subsection (c)(2)(A) to evaluate applications for funding from the Fund that include factors including a strong business case, technical design, con-sideration of commercial off-the-shelf prod-ucts and services, procurement strategy (in-cluding adequate use of rapid, iterative soft-ware development practices), and program management. (H) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the head of each cov-ered agency shall submit to the Director, with respect to the IT working capital fund of the covered agency— (I) a list of each information technology investment funded, including the estimated cost and completion date for each invest-ment; and (II) a summary by fiscal year of obliga-tions, expenditures, and unused balances. (ii) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall make the information submitted under clause (i) publicly available on a website. (c) E
STABLISHMENT OF TECHNOLOGY MOD-
ERNIZATION FUND AND BOARD .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) T
ECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND .— (A) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury a Technology Modernization Fund for technology-related activities, to improve information technology, to enhance cybersecurity across the Federal Govern-ment, and to be administered in accordance with guidance issued by the Director. (B) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUND .—The Com-missioner, in consultation with the Chief In-formation Officers Council and with the ap-proval of the Director, shall administer the Fund in accordance with this paragraph. (C) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Commissioner shall, in accordance with recommendations from the Board, use amounts in the Fund— (i) to transfer such amounts, to remain available until expended, to the head of an agency to improve, retire, or replace existing Federal information technology systems to enhance cybersecurity and privacy and im-prove efficiency and effectiveness; (ii) for the development, operation, and procurement of information technology products, services, and acquisition vehicles for use by agencies to improve Government-wide efficiency and cybersecurity in accord-ance with the requirements of the agencies; and (iii) to provide services or work performed in support of— (I) the activities described in clause (i) or (ii); and (II) the Board and the Director in carrying out the responsibilities described in para-graph (3)(B). (D) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ; 
CREDITS ; AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. (ii) C
REDITS .—In addition to any funds oth-erwise appropriated, the Fund shall be cred-ited with all reimbursements, advances, or refunds or recoveries relating to information technology or services provided through the Fund. (iii) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts de-posited, credited, or otherwise made avail-able to the Fund shall be available, as pro-vided in appropriations Acts, until expended for the purposes described in subparagraph (C). (E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .— (i) P
AYMENT BY AGENCY .—For a product or service developed under subparagraph (C)(ii), including any services or work performed in support of that development under subpara-graph (C)(iii), the head of an agency that uses the product or service shall pay an amount fixed by the Commissioner in ac-cordance with this subparagraph. (ii) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY AGENCY .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall reimburse the Fund for any transfer made under subparagraph (C)(i), including any services or work performed in support of the transfer under subparagraph (C)(iii), in accordance with the terms established in a written agreement described in subparagraph (F). (II) R
EIMBURSEMENT FROM SUBSEQUENT AP -
PROPRIATIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an agency may make a re-imbursement required under subclause (I) from any appropriation made available after the date of enactment of this Act for infor-mation technology activities, consistent with any applicable reprogramming law or guidelines of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (III) R
ECORDING OF OBLIGATION .—Notwith- standing section 1501 of title 31, United States Code, an obligation to make a pay-ment under a written agreement described in subparagraph (E) in a fiscal year after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.136 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4600 July 27, 2017 
date of enactment of this Act shall be re-corded in the fiscal year in which the pay-ment is due. (iii) P
RICES FIXED BY COMMISSIONER .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner, in consultation with the Director, shall estab-lish amounts to be paid by an agency under this paragraph and the terms of repayment for a product or service developed under sub-paragraph (C)(ii), including any services or work performed in support of that develop-ment under subparagraph (C)(iii), at levels sufficient to ensure the solvency of the Fund, including operating expenses. (II) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .—Before making any changes to the established amounts and terms of repayment, the Commissioner shall conduct a review and obtain approval from the Director. (iv) F
AILURE TO MAKE TIMELY REIMBURSE -
MENT .—The Commissioner may obtain reim-bursement from an agency under this sub-paragraph by the issuance of transfer and counterwarrants, or other lawful transfer documents, supported by itemized bills, if payment is not made by the agency— (I) during the 90-day period beginning after the expiration of a repayment period de-scribed in a written agreement described in subparagraph (F); or (II) during the 45-day period beginning after the expiration of the time period to make a payment under a payment schedule for a product or service developed under sub-paragraph (C)(ii). (F) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Before the transfer of funds to an agency under subparagraph (C)(i), the Commissioner, in consultation with the Director, and the head of the agen-cy shall enter into a written agreement— (I) documenting the purpose for which the funds will be used and the terms of repay-ment, which may not exceed 5 years unless approved by the Director; and (II) which shall be recorded as an obliga-tion as provided in subparagraph (E)(ii). (ii) R
EQUIREMENT FOR USE OF COMMERCIAL  
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND RAPID , ITERATIVE  
DEVELOPMENT PRACTICES .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—For any funds transferred to an agency under subparagraph (C)(i), in the absence of compelling circumstances of the need to develop a custom information technology solution that are documented by the Commissioner in a written agreement under this subparagraph, the funds shall be used for commercial products and services. (II) T
IMELINE .—If the Commissioner docu-ments in a written agreement under this subparagraph that there are compelling cir-cumstances of the need to develop a custom information technology solution, the Com-missioner shall include in the written agree-ment a timeline for a rapid, iterative devel-opment process. (G) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (i) L
IST OF PROJECTS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall maintain a list of each project funded by the Fund, to be updated not less than quarterly, that includes a description of the project, project status (including any schedule delay and cost overruns), and finan-cial expenditure data related to the project. (II) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The list re-quired under subclause (I) shall be published on a public website in a manner that is, to the greatest extent possible, consistent with applicable law on the protection of classified information, sources, and methods. (ii) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and every 2 years there-after, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress and make publically available a report assessing— (I) the costs associated with establishing the Fund and maintaining the oversight structure associated with the Fund com-pared with the cost savings associated with the projects funded by the Fund; and (II) the reliability of the cost savings esti-mated by agencies associated with projects funded by the Fund. (3) TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION BOARD .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Technology Modernization Board to evalu-ate proposals submitted by agencies for fund-ing authorized under the Fund. (B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Board are— (i) to provide input to the Director for the development of processes for agencies to sub-mit modernization proposals to the Board and to establish the criteria by which those proposals are evaluated, which shall in-clude— (I) addressing the greatest security, pri-vacy, and operational risks; (II) having the greatest Governmentwide impact; and (III) having a high probability of success based on factors including the use of com-mercial solutions when possible, a strong business case, technical design, procurement strategy (including adequate use of rapid, iterative software development practices), and program management; (ii) to make recommendations to the Com-missioner to assist agencies in the further development and refinement of select sub-mitted modernization proposals, based on an initial evaluation performed with the assist-ance of the Commissioner; (iii) to review and prioritize, with the as-sistance of the Commissioner and the Direc-tor, modernization proposals based on cri-teria established pursuant to clause (i); (iv) to identify, with the assistance of the Commissioner, opportunities to improve or replace multiple information technology sys-tems with a smaller number of information technology service common to multiple agencies; (v) to recommend the funding of mod-ernization projects, in accordance with the uses described in paragraph (2)(C), to the Commissioner; (vi) to monitor, in consultation with the Commissioner, progress and performance in executing approved projects and, if nec-essary, recommend the suspension or termi-nation of funding for projects based on fac-tors including the failure to meet the terms of a written agreement described in para-graph (2)(F); and (vii) to monitor the operating costs of the Fund. (C) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Board shall consist of 7 voting members. (D) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Board shall be the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government. (E) P
ERMANENT MEMBERS .—The permanent members of the Board shall be— (i) the Administrator of the Office of Elec-tronic Government; and (ii) a senior official from the General Serv-ices Administration having technical exper-tise in information technology development, appointed by the Administrator of General Services, with the approval of the Director. (F) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD .— (i) A
PPOINTMENT .—The other members of the Board shall be— (I) 1 employee of the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security, appointed by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; and (II) 4 employees of the Federal Government primarily having technical expertise in in-formation technology development, financial management, cybersecurity and privacy, and acquisition, appointed by the Director. (ii) TERM.—Each member of the Board de-scribed in clause (i) shall serve a term of 1 year, which shall be renewable not more than 3 times at the discretion of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the Director, as applicable. (G) P
ROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION .—Mem- bers of the Board may not receive additional pay, allowances, or benefits by reason of their service on the Board. (H) S
TAFF .—Upon request of the Chair of the Board, the Director and the Adminis-trator of General Services may detail, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis, any employee of the Federal Government to the Board to assist the Board in carrying out the functions of the Board. (4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COMMISSIONER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the respon-sibilities described in paragraph (2), the Commissioner shall support the activities of the Board and provide technical support to, and, with the concurrence of the Director, oversight of, agencies that receive transfers from the Fund. (B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Commissioner are— (i) to provide direct technical support in the form of personnel services or otherwise to agencies transferred amounts under para-graph (2)(C)(i) and for products, services, and acquisition vehicles funded under paragraph (2)(C)(ii); (ii) to assist the Board with the evaluation, prioritization, and development of agency modernization proposals. (iii) to perform regular project oversight and monitoring of approved agency mod-ernization projects, in consultation with the Board and the Director, to increase the like-lihood of successful implementation and re-duce waste; and (iv) to provide the Director with informa-tion necessary to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(G). (5) S
UNSET .—This subsection shall cease to have force or effect on the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Comp-troller General of the United States issues the third report required under paragraph (2)(G)(ii). 
SA 716. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING ACCESS TO PREVENTIVE SERVICES. 
Any provision of this bill that would elimi-nate or reduce access to affordable preven-tive services that are currently offered with-out copayment or cost-sharing under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act, in-cluding blood pressure screening, colorectal screening, breast cancer screening, cervical cancer screening and domestic and inter-personal violence screening and counseling, shall be null and void and of no effect. 
SA 717. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.136 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4601 July 27, 2017 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ENERGY SECURITY FOR MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS IN EUROPE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) United States military installations in Europe are potentially vulnerable to supply disruptions from foreign governments, espe-cially the Government of the Russian Fed-eration, which could use control of energy supplies in a hostile or weaponized manner. (2) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion has previously shown its willingness to aggressively use energy supplies as a weapon to pressure foreign nations, including Ukraine. (b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate measures, to the ex-tent practicable, to— (1) reduce the dependency of all United States military installations in Europe on energy sourced inside Russia; and (2) ensure that all United States military installations in Europe are able to sustain operations in the event of a supply disrup-tion (c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Not later than December 31, 2021, the Secretary of De-fense shall certify to the congressional de-fense committees whether or not every United States military installation in Eu-rope— (1) is dependent to the minimum extent practicable on energy sourced inside the Russian Federation; and (2) has the ability to sustain operations during an energy supply disruption. (d) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the congres-sional defense committees on progress in achieving the goals described in subsection (b), including— (1) an assessment of the operational risks of energy supply disruptions; (2) a description of mitigation measures identified to address such operational risks; (3) an assessment of the feasibility, esti-mated costs, and schedule of diversified en-ergy solutions; and (4) an assessment of the minimum prac-ticable usage of energy sourced inside Russia on United States military installations in Europe. (e) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and make publicly available an interim report on progress in achieving the goals described in subsection (b), including the assessments de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (d). (f) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SOURCED INSIDE  R
USSIA .—In this section, the term ‘‘energy sourced inside Russia’’ means energy that is produced, owned, or facilitated by companies that are located in the Russian Federation or owned or controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation. 
SA 718. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: SEC. lll. REPORT ON MANAGEMENT OF MILI-TARY COMMISSARIES AND EX-CHANGES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port regarding management practices of military commissaries and exchanges. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under this section shall include a cost-benefit anal-ysis with the goals of— (1) reducing the costs of operating military commissaries and exchanges by $2,000,000,000 during fiscal years 2018 through 2022; and (2) not raising costs for patrons of military commissaries and exchanges. 
SA 719. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF VETERANS OF OPER-ATION END SWEEP FOR VIETNAM SERVICE MEDAL. 
The Secretary of the military department concerned shall, upon the application of an individual who is a veteran who participated in Operation End Sweep, award that indi-vidual the Vietnam Service Medal, notwith-standing any otherwise applicable require-ments for the award of that medal. 
SA 720. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability 
SEC. 1291. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Ac-countability Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1292. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On March 17, 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry stated, ‘‘in my judgment, Daesh is responsible for genocide against groups in areas under its control, including Yezidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims . . . the United States will strongly support efforts to col-lect, document, preserve, and analyze the evidence of atrocities, and we will do all we can to see that the perpetrators are held ac-countable’’. (2) Secretary of State Kerry stated in the ‘‘Atrocities Prevention Report’’, transmitted to Congress on March 17, 2016, ‘‘The Depart-ment of State has a longstanding commit-ment to providing support for the urgent hu-manitarian needs of conflict-affected popu-lations in Iraq, Syria, and across the world, including but not limited to members of eth-nic and religious minorities.’’. (3) The Independent International Commis-sion of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic stated in its February 3, 2016, report, ‘‘The Government has committed the crimes against humanity of extermination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, tor-ture, imprisonment, enforced disappearance and other inhuman acts. Based on the same conduct, war crimes have also been com-mitted. Both Jabhat Al-Nusra and some anti-Government armed groups have com-mitted the war crimes of murder, cruel treatment, and torture.’’. (4) The International Criminal Investiga-tive Training Assistance Program and the Office of Overseas Prosecutorial Develop-ment Assistance and Training of the Depart-ment of Justice have provided technical as-sistance to governmental judicial and law enforcement entities in Iraq, including with funding support from the Department of State. (5) There were an estimated 800,000 to 1,400,000 Christians in Iraq in 2002, 500,000 in 2013, and less than 250,000 in 2015, according to the annual International Religious Free-dom Reports of the Department of State. (6) Although Christians were an estimated 8 to 10 percent of the 21,000,000 person popu-lation of Syria in 2010, ‘‘media and other re-ports of Christians fleeing the country as a result of the civil war suggest the Christian population is now considerably lower’’ as of 2015, according to the annual International Religious Freedom Reports of the Depart-ment of State. (7) The Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil (Iraq) is an example of an entity that has not received funding from any govern-ment and has been providing assistance to internally displaced families of Yezidis, Mus-lims, and Christians, including food, reset-tlement from tents to permanent housing, and rent for Yezidis, medical care and edu-cation for Yezidis and Muslims through clin-ics, schools, and a university that are open to all, and some form of these types of assist-ance to all of the estimated 10,500 internally displaced Christian families, more than 70,000 people, in the greater Erbil region. (8) In fiscal year 2015, the United States Government admitted to the United States through the United States Refugee Admis-sions Program persons from Priority 2 groups of special humanitarian concern, as designated by Congress, including— (A) Jews, Evangelical Christians, Ukrain-ian Catholics, and Ukrainian Orthodox, from the former Soviet Union; (B) Iraqis at risk because they were, or are, employed in Iraq by the United States Gov-ernment, a media or nongovernmental orga-nization headquartered in the United States, or an organization or entity that received funding from the United States Government, or are related to someone who is, or was, so employed; (C) religious minorities in Iran; and (D) members of other groups designated by the United States Government, including— (i) former political prisoners, active mem-bers of persecuted religious minorities, human rights activists, and forced labor conscripts in Cuba; (ii) minors in Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala; (iii) ethnic minorities from Burma in Ma-laysia; (iv) Bhutanese in Nepal; and (v) Congolese in Rwanda. (9) Through the United States Refugee Ad-missions Program, the United States Gov-ernment— (A) admitted 12,676 Iraqi refugees in fiscal year 2015, including at least 2,113 Christians and 213 Yezidis; (B) admitted 9,880 Iraqi refugees in fiscal year 2016, including at least 1,524 Christians and 393 Yezidis; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.137 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4602 July 27, 2017 
(C) admitted 1,682 Syrian refugees in fiscal year 2015, including at least 30 Christians; and (D) admitted 12,587 Syrian refugees in fis-cal year 2016, including at least 64 Christians and 24 Yezidis. 
SEC. 1293. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (2) C
APACITY -BUILDING .—The term ‘‘capac-ity-building’’, with respect to cases of geno-cide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and terrorism in Iraq or Syria, means devel-oping domestic skills to efficiently adju-dicate such cases, consistent with due proc-ess and respect for the rule of law, through the use of experts in international criminal investigations and experts in international criminal law to partner with, mentor, pro-vide technical advice for, formally train, and provide equipment and infrastructure where necessary and appropriate to, investigators and judicial personnel in Iraq, including the Kurdistan region of Iraq, and domestic inves-tigators and lawyers in Syria. (3) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ mean an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (4) H
UMANITARIAN , STABILIZATION , AND RE -
COVERY NEEDS .—The term ‘‘humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs’’, with re-spect to an individual, includes water, sani-tation, hygiene, food security, nutrition, shelter, housing, medical, education, and psychosocial needs. (5) H
YBRID COURT .—The term ‘‘hybrid court’’ means a court with a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and personnel. (6) I
NTERNATIONALIZED DOMESTIC COURT .— The term ‘‘internationalized domestic court’’ means a domestic court with the support of international advisers. 
SEC. 1294. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TOSUPPORT CERTAIN ENTI-
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, the Assistant Secretary for International Nar-cotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, and Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall provide as-sistance, including financial assistance, to support entities that are taking the actions described in paragraph (2) with respect to in-dividuals who are suspected to have com-mitted genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014 or in Syria since March 2011. (2) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .—The actions de-scribed in this paragraph are— (A) conducting criminal investigations; (B) developing investigative and judicial capacities; (C) collecting evidence; (D) preserving the chain of evidence for prosecution in domestic courts, hybrid courts, and internationalized domestic courts; and (E) capacity building. (3) AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for programs, projects, and activities carried out by the Assistant Sec-retary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor and the Assistant Secretary for Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs are authorized to be made available to carry out this subsection. (b) A
CTIONS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .— The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall en-courage governments of foreign countries— (1) to include information in appropriate security databases and security screening procedures of such countries to identify indi-viduals who are suspected to have committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014 or in Syria since March 2011, including individuals who are suspected to be members of foreign ter-rorist organizations operating within Iraq or Syria; and (2) to prosecute individuals described in paragraph (1) for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, as appropriate. (c) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN CRIMINAL STAT-
UTES .—The Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, shall con-duct a review of existing criminal statutes concerning genocide, crimes against human-ity, and war crimes to determine— (1) the extent to which United States courts are currently authorized by statute to exercise jurisdiction over such crimes where the direct perpetrators, accomplices, or vic-tims are United States nationals, United States residents, or persons physically present in the territory of the United States either during the commission of the crime or subsequent to the commission of the crime; (2) the statutes currently in effect that would apply to conduct constituting war crimes or crimes against humanity, includ-ing— (A) whether such statutes provide for extraterritorial jurisdiction; (B) the statute of limitations for offenses under such statutes; (C) the applicable penalties under such statutes; and (D) whether offenders would be subject to extradition or mutual legal assistance trea-ties; (3) the extent to which the absence of criminal statutes defining the crimes, or granting jurisdiction, would impede the pros-ecution of genocide, crimes against human-ity, and war crimes in United States courts, including when United States military forces capture persons outside the United States who are known to have committed such crimes in a third country that is either un-able or unwilling to prosecute the crimes; and (4) whether additional statutory authori-ties are necessary to prosecute a United States person or a foreign person within the territory of the United States for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of State shall con-sult with, and consider credible information from, entities described in subsection (a)(1). (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that an appropriate amount of the additional amount made available under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in title II of division B of the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–254) should be made avail-able to carry out subsection (a). SEC. 1295. IDENTIFICATION OF AND ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS HUMANITARIAN, STA-BILIZATION, AND RECOVERY NEEDS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, the Special Ad-visor for Religious Minorities in the Near East and South/Central Asia, the Assistant Secretary for Population, Refugees, and Mi-gration, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall identify— (1) the threats of persecution and other warning signs of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes against individ-uals— (A) who— (i) are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or of Syria; and (ii) are members of a religious or ethnic group that is a minority religious or ethnic group in Iraq or in Syria against which the Secretary of State has determined the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has committed genocide, crimes against human-ity, or war crimes in Iraq or in Syria since January 2014; or (B) who are members of another religious or ethnic group that is a minority religious or ethnic group in Iraq or in Syria that has been identified by the Secretary of State (or the Secretary’s designee) as a persecuted group; (2) the humanitarian, stabilization, and re-covery needs of individuals described in paragraph (1); (3) the minority religious and ethnic groups in Iraq and in Syria— (A) against which the Secretary of State has determined ISIS has committed geno-cide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq or in Syria since January 2014; or (B) that the Secretary of State (or the Sec-retary’s designee) has identified as a per-secuted group at risk of forced migration, within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum, and the primary reasons for such risk; (4) the assistance provided by the United States to address humanitarian, stabiliza-tion, and recovery needs of individuals de-scribed in paragraph (1) and groups described in paragraph (3), including assistance to mitigate the risks of forced migration of such persons and groups from Iraq or from Syria; (5) the mechanisms used by the United States Government to identify, assess, and respond to humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs, and risks of forced migra-tion, of individuals described in paragraph (1) and groups described in paragraph (3); (6) the assistance provided by or through the United Nations, including the Funding Facility for Immediate Stabilization and the Funding Facility for Expanded Stabilization, to address humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraph (1) and groups described in para-graph (3), including assistance to mitigate the risks of forced migration of such individ-uals and groups within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum from Iraq or from Syria; (7) the entities, including faith-based enti-ties, that are providing assistance to address humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraph (1) and groups described in paragraph (3); and (8) if the United States Government is funding entities described in paragraph (7) for purposes of providing assistance de-scribed in such paragraph, the sources of such funding; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.138 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4603 July 27, 2017 
(9) if the United States Government is not funding entities described in paragraph (7) for purposes of providing assistance de-scribed in such paragraph, a justification for not funding such entities, including whether funding such entities is prohibited under United States law. (b) A
DDITIONAL CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible in-formation from, individuals described in sub-section (a)(1) and entities described in sub-section (a)(7). (c) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall provide assistance, including cash assist-ance, to support entities described in sub-section (a)(7) that the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator determine are effectively pro-viding assistance described in subsection (a)(7), including entities that received fund-ing from the United States Government for such purposes before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that an appropriate amount of the additional amount made available under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in title II of division B of the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–254) should be made avail-able to carry out subsection (c). 
SEC. 1296. REFUGEE ADMISSIONS OF NATIONALS AND RESIDENTS OF IRAQ OR OF SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Aliens who are, or were, a national and a resident of Iraq or of Syria, and who share common characteristics that identify them as targets of persecution on account of membership in a religious or eth-nic minority in that country, particularly survivors of genocide, crimes against human-ity, or war crimes, or the surviving spouse or child of an individual who was killed by a perpetrator of such a crime— (1) are deemed to be of special humani-tarian concern to the United States; and (2) shall be eligible for Priority 2 proc-essing under the refugee resettlement pri-ority system. (b) I
N-COUNTRY AND OUT-OF-COUNTRY PROC-
ESSING .—Aliens described in subsection (a) shall be allowed to apply, and interview, for admission to the United States through ref-ugee processing mechanisms in countries where aliens may apply, and interview, for admission to the United States as refugees. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Aliens who qualify under this sec-tion for Priority 2 processing under the ref-ugee resettlement priority system may only be admitted to the United States after— (1) satisfying the requirements under sec-tion 207 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157); and (2) clearing a background check and appro-priate screening, as determined by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (d) W
AIVER OF CERTAIN GROUNDS OF INAD-
MISSIBILITY .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Secretary of Homeland Security, after con-sultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, may waive, in such Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, the application of paragraph (3)(B) (other than clause (i)(II)) of section 212(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) with respect to activities undertaken by an alien described in subsection (a) in the course of avoiding or evading persecution by a terrorist organization (as defined in sec-tion 212(a)(3)(B)(vi) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi))). (e) C
ATEGORICAL ELIGIBILITY .—The Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–167) is amended— (1) in section 599D (8 U.S.C. 1157 note)— (A) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 1990’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the fiscal years 1990 through 2018’’; and (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2017.’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2018.’’; and (2) in section 599E(b)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1255 note), by striking ‘‘2017,’’ and inserting ‘‘2018,’’. (f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to lessen the pro-tections under United States law for bona fide refugees who are not described in this section. 
SEC. 1297. REPORTS. 
(a) S UPPORT FOR THE INVESTIGATION AND  P
ROSECUTION OF WARCRIMES .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, by the Secretary of State to implement sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 1294; and (2) an assessment of— (A) the feasibility and advisability of pros-ecuting individuals who are suspected to have committed genocide, crimes against hu-manity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014, or in Syria since March 2011, in domes-tic courts in Iraq, hybrid courts, and inter-nationalized domestic courts; and (B) the capacity building, and other meas-ures, needed to ensure effective criminal in-vestigations of such individuals. (b) C
RIMINAL STATUTE REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) the results of the review conducted under section 1294(c); and (2) such recommendations for legislative and administrative actions to implement the results of such review as the Attorney Gen-eral determines appropriate. (c) A
SSISTANCE FOR PERSECUTED MINORITIES  
INIRAQ OR IN SYRIA.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes a detailed description of— (1) the efforts taken, and proposed to be taken, by the Secretary of State to imple-ment section 1295; (2) the matters identified under section 1295(a); and (3) the efforts taken, and proposed to be taken, by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security to imple-ment section 1296. (d) F
ORM.—Each report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex, if necessary. 
SA 721. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 667 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. BASIC HEALTH PROGRAMS. 
Section 1331(e)(1)(B) of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18051(e)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘200’’ and inserting ‘‘250’’. SA 722. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 202 and insert the following: 
SEC. 202. SUPPORT FOR STATE AND INDIAN HEALTH PROGRAM RESPONSE TO SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS AND URGENT MEN-TAL HEALTH NEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, $1,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) to award grants to States and Indian health programs to ad-dress the substance use disorder public health crisis or to respond to urgent mental health needs within the State or community served by the Indian health program. In awarding grants under this section, the Sec-retary may give preference to States, and In-dian health programs that serve Indian tribes, with a substantial incidence or preva-lence of substance use disorders. Funds ap-propriated under this subsection shall re-main available until expended. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded to a State or Indian health program under sub-section (a) shall be used for one or more of the following public health-related activi-ties: (1) Improving State prescription drug mon-itoring programs. (2) Implementing prevention activities, and evaluating such activities to identify ef-fective strategies to prevent substance use disorder. (3) Training for health care practitioners, such as best practices for prescribing opioids, pain management, recognizing potential cases of substance use disorder, referral of patients to treatment programs, and over-dose prevention. (4) Supporting access to health care serv-ices provided by Federally certified opioid treatment programs or other appropriate health care providers to treat substance use disorders or mental health needs. (5) Other public health-related activities, as the State or Indian health program deter-mines appropriate, related to addressing the substance use disorder public health crisis or responding to urgent mental health needs within the State or community served by the Indian health program. (c) I
NDIAN HEALTH PROGRAMS .—Not less than 10 percent of the amounts appropriated under subsection (a) shall be awarded to In-dian health programs. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘Indian health program’’ and ‘‘Indian tribe’’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act (25 U.S.C. 1603). 
SA 723. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.138 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4604 July 27, 2017 
On page 190 between lines 22 and 23, insert the following: (6) A mechanism (to be know as ‘‘Clean En-ergy-Ready Vets’’) to provide workforce training, in coordination the Secretary of Energy, junior or community colleges (as de-fined in section 312(f) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058(f))) in the vicinity of such location, private industry, and nonprofit organizations, for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program to transition to jobs in the clean energy industry, including in the cyber and grid security, natural gas, solar, wind, geo-thermal fields. In carrying out the mecha-nism, the Secretary of Defense shall— (A) coordinate with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to consider opportunities to— (i) streamline the approval of appropriate workforce training programs for which mem-bers participating in the pilot program and following their transition to civilian life may use veterans educational assistance; and (ii) enhance distance learning in connec-tion with such workforce training using such assistance; (B) enhance the process, in coordination with power companies, by which members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program who serve or have served in system administrator positions, information tech-nology positions, and other relevant cyberse-curity duties and positions in the Armed Forces may transition to civilian careers in electric grid security; (C) consider opportunities for the use of veterans educational assistance for on-the- job working training activities under the pilot program that are conducted outside the military installation concerned; and (D) ensure that members of the Armed Forces are provided information at appro-priate times and locations regarding eligi-bility to participate in similar energy and grid security workforce training programs, including through the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) of the Department of De-fense. 
SA 724. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. CLEAN ENERGY-READY VETS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of En-ergy (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘Clean Energy-Ready Vets Program’’, to support and enhance training opportunities for members of the Armed Forces who are transitioning out of service in the Armed Forces for jobs in the energy industry, including jobs relating to— (1) electric grid security; (2) energy transmission and distribution infrastructure; and (3) solar, wind, geothermal, and natural gas energy. (b) U
SE OF SKILLBRIDGE PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in partnership with the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out the Clean Energy- Ready Vets Program through the SkillBridge program of the Department of Defense at not fewer than 20 facilities of the Department of Defense, under which the Sec-retary shall— (A) in partnership with junior or commu-nity colleges (as defined in section 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058(f))), nonprofit organizations, and the clean energy industry, train members of the Armed Forces who are transitioning out of service in the Armed Forces for jobs de-scribed in subsection (a); and (B) facilitate partnerships between junior or community colleges (as defined in section 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058(f))) and potential employers to place members of the Armed Forces de-scribed in subparagraph (A) in jobs in the en-ergy industry. (2) MODIFICATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of De-fense shall modify the SkillBridge program to provide that 20 percent of the amount of Federal training assistance available under the SkillBridge program for the Clean En-ergy-Ready Vets Program at each facility of the Department of Defense may be used for on-the-job training activities conducted out-side of a facility of the Department of De-fense pursuant to the Clean Energy-Ready Vets Program. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) S
ECRETARY .—In carrying out the Clean Energy-Ready Vets Program, the Secretary shall collaborate with the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of Labor, and the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to increase oppor-tunities for spouses of veterans to secure jobs in the energy industry. (2) S
ECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—The Secretary of Defense shall collaborate with electric utilities to enhance the process by which members of the Armed Forces in system ad-ministrator positions, information tech-nology positions, and other relevant cyberse-curity duties and positions in the Armed Forces may transition to careers in electric grid security. (3) S
ECRETARY OF LABOR .—To ensure that unemployed veterans and members of the Armed Forces who are transitioning out of service in the Armed Forces are provided in-formation at appropriate times and locations regarding eligibility to participate in the Clean Energy-Ready Vets Program and other similar energy and grid security workforce training programs, the Secretary of Labor shall collaborate with— (A) the Secretary of Defense; (B) State workforce agencies; and (C) American Job Centers. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out the Clean Energy- Ready Vets Program ø$llllll¿ for øeach of/the period of¿ fiscal years ø2018 through llll¿. (e) E
XCEPTION FOR INDEPENDENT STUDY  P
ROGRAMS RELATING TO ENERGY AND GRID S
ECURITY FROM CERTAIN LIMITATIONS ON USE 
OFEDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FROM DEPART -
MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .—Section 3680A(a)(4) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘except’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting the following: ‘‘except— ‘‘(A) an accredited independent study pro-gram (including open circuit television) lead-ing to— ‘‘(i) a standard college degree; or ‘‘(ii) a certificate that reflects education attainment offered by an institution of high-er learning; or ‘‘(B) an independent study program in the field of energy or grid security.’’. (f) A
PPROVAL FOR PURPOSES OF VETERANS  E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE OF PROGRAMS OF  E
DUCATION RELATING TO ELECTRIC GRIDSECU-RITY, ENERGY TRANSMISSION , ANDRENEWABLE  E
NERGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs— (A) shall approve or disapprove under chap-ter 36 of title 38, United States Code, each program of education described in paragraph (2) of an educational institution that seeks approval of such program of education under such chapter; and (B) shall not require such educational in-stitution to seek approval of such program of education from a State approving agency under such chapter in order for it to be ap-proved under such chapter. (2) P
ROGRAMS OF EDUCATION DESCRIBED .—A program of education described in this para-graph is a program of education relating to the following: (A) Electric grid security. (B) Energy transmission and distribution infrastructure. (C) Solar, wind, geothermal, and natural gas energy. 
SA 725. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON CYBER CAPABILITY AND READINESS SHORTFALLS OF ARMY COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS . 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a report on the Army Combat Training Centers and the current resident cyber capabilities and training at such cen-ters to examine potential training readiness shortfalls and ensure that pre-rotational cyber training needs are met. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF NEARBY ASSETS .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall take into account nearby Army Combat Training Center cyber assets that could contribute to addressing potential cyber capability and readiness shortfalls. 
SA 726. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON MILITARY TEST AND TRAINING EVENTS CONDUCTED IN THE AREA EAST OF THE MILITARY MISSION LINE IN THE GULF OF MEX-ICO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense, after con-sultation with the Secretary of Interior, shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on mili-tary test and training events conducted in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.145 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4605 July 27, 2017 
the area east of the Military Mission Line in the Gulf of Mexico. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall address the following matters: (1) The frequency and impact of test events, exercises, and military operations conducted annually in the ranges and oper-ating areas east of the Military Mission Line in the Gulf of Mexico from 2006 to the time of the report. (2) The frequency and impact of test events, exercises, and military operations conducted annually from 2006 to the time of the report in the ranges and operating in planning areas where active Outer Conti-nental oil and gas leases currently exist. (3) Comparable testing and training areas within the United States and its territories that can replicate the capabilities of the ranges and operating areas east of the Mili-tary Mission Line in the Gulf of Mexico. (4) Comparable testing and training areas outside the United States which are avail-able for United States military testing and training activities that can replicate the ca-pabilities of the ranges and operating areas east of the Military Mission Line in the Gulf of Mexico. (5) The extent to which the services will be able to meet training and test requirements necessary to be prepared to support Oper-ational Plans should the moratorium on oil and gas leasing, pre-leasing, or any related activity east of the Military Mission Line in the Gulf of Mexico not be extended. (6) The extent to which the services will be able to meet their training and test require-ments, with specific stipulations similar to those in the Gulf of Mexico Central Planning Area, while incorporating potential Depart-ment of the Interior priorities east of the Military Mission Line in the Gulf of Mexico. (c) M
EASUREMENT OF FREQUENCY AND IM-
PACT .—For purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b)— (1) frequency shall be measured in duration as calendar days when test events, exercises, and military operations occur; and (2) impact shall be measured in areas (as defined by longitude and latitude in degrees, minutes, and seconds) where restrictions or stipulations are imposed for test events, ex-ercises, and military operations. 
SA 727. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that: (1) The Committees of jurisdiction of the Senate should review issues related to sub-stance use disorders, particularly related to opioids, including Federal efforts to prevent the development of, improve access to treat-ment, and promote recovery for people with opioid and other substance use disorders. (2) Obamacare should be repealed because it increases health care costs, limits patient choice of health plans and doctors, forces Americans to buy insurance that they do not want, cannot afford, or may not be able to access, increases taxes on middle class fami-lies and fails to focus the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) on individuals most in need, such as the elderly and the disabled, as evidenced by the following: (A) Premiums for plans offered on the Fed-eral Exchange have doubled on average over the last 4 years, and these increases are pro-jected to continue. (B) 70 percent of counties have only a few options for Obamacare insurance in 2017, and at least 40 counties are expected to have zero insurers planning on their Exchange in 2018. (C) 2,300,000 Americans purchasing plans on the Exchanges are projected to have only one insurer to choose from in 2018. (D) The Joint Committee on Taxation has identified significant and widespread tax in-creases on individuals earning less than$200,000. (E) Medicaid costs have continued to spiral year after year leading to a detrimental im-pact on State budgets, which constrains State choices with respect to health care. (3) Obamacare should be replaced with pa-tient-centered legislation that— (A) provides access to quality, affordable private health care coverage for Americans and their families by increasing competition, State flexibility, and individual choice; and (B) strengthens the Medicaid program by focusing on the most needy individuals and empowering States through increased flexi-bility to best meet the needs of their popu-lation. SA 728. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATION OF STATUS OF TRANSGENDER MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No action described in subsection (b) may be taken with respect to transgender members of the Armed Forces until 60 days after the date of the submittal to Congress of a report on the six-month re-view being conducted by the Secretary of De-fense in order to evaluate the impact of ac-cessions of transgender individuals into the Armed Forces on readiness and lethality that will include all relevant considerations. (b) A
CTIONS .—An action described in this subsection with respect to transgender mem-bers of the Armed Forces is any of the fol-lowing in connection with the nature of such members as transgender individuals: (1) A modification of service status in the Armed Forces (other than through the nor-mal expiration of service commitment or pursuant to a sentence of court-martial or administrative board action). (2) A modification of current entitlement or eligibility for health care benefits as a member of the Armed Forces, or of the scope or nature of benefits to which entitled or eli-gible. (3) Any change of responsibility or position (other than through promotion or routine re-assignment or deployment). 
SA 729. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL GROUP HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) I NTERNAL REVENUE CODE.—Section 9831(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing flush sentence: ‘‘A governmental plan shall be deemed to satisfy paragraph (2) if such plan has 2 or more participants who are current employ-ees, and (A) such current employees retired from an employer and were subsequently hired by a different employer, and (B) such plan requires that participants be enrolled in the Medicare program under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) ERISA.—Section 732(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1191a(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A governmental plan shall be deemed to satisfy this subsection if such plan has 2 or more participants who are current employees and (1) such current em-ployees retired from an employer and were subsequently hired by a different employer, and (2) such plan requires that participants be enrolled in the Medicare program under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act.’’. (c) P
UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT.—Section 2722 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg-21) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL GROUP  H
EALTH PLANS .—The requirements of sub-parts 1 and 2 shall not apply with respect to a group health plan for any plan year if, on the first day of such plan year, such plan has less than 2 participants who are current em-ployees. A non-Federal governmental plan shall be deemed to satisfy this subsection if such plan has 2 or more participants who are current employees and— ‘‘(1) such current employees retired from an employer and were subsequently hired by a different employer; and ‘‘(2) such plan requires that participants be enrolled in the Medicare program under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act.’’. 
SA 730. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON ESTABLISHMENT OF MILITARY DEPARTMENT OR CORPS SEPARATE FROM OR SUBOR-DINATE TO THE CURRENT MILITARY DEPARTMENTS. 
No funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise available for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be used to establish a military department or corps separate from or subordinate to the current military departments, including a Space Corps in the Department of the Air Force, or a similar such corps in any other military department. 
SA 731. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.146 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4606 July 27, 2017 
for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. APOLLO I LAUNCH TEST ACCIDENT ME-MORIAL AT ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY, VIRGINIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On January 27, 1967, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA) Astronauts Command Pilot Virgil I. ‘‘Gus’’ Grissom, Senior Pilot Edward H. White II, and Pilot Roger B. Chaffee were killed in an electrical fire that broke out inside the Apollo I Command Module on Launch Pad 34 at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canav-eral, Florida. (2) Command Pilot Virgil I. ‘‘Gus’’ Grissom was selected by NASA in 1959 as one of the original seven Mercury astronauts. He pi-loted the Liberty Bell 7 spacecraft on July 21, 1963, on the second and final Mercury sub-orbital test flight, served as command pilot on the first manned Gemini flight on March 23, 1965, and was named as Command Pilot of the first Apollo flight. He began his career in the United States Army Air Corps and was a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Air Force at the time of the accident, and he is buried at Arlington National Cemetery. (3) Senior Pilot Edward H. White II was se-lected by NASA as a member of the second astronaut team in 1962. He piloted the Gem-ini-4 mission, a 4-day mission that took place in June 1965, during which he con-ducted the first extravehicular activity in the United States human spaceflight pro-gram. He was named as Command Module Pilot for the first Apollo flight. He began his career as a cadet at the United States Mili-tary Academy and was a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Air Force at the time of the accident, and he is buried at West Point Cemetery. (4) Pilot Roger B. Chaffee was selected by NASA as part of the third group of astro-nauts in 1963. He was named as the Lunar Module Pilot for the first Apollo flight. He began his career as a Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps midshipman at Illinois Insti-tute of Technology and Purdue University before commissioning as an ensign in the United States Navy, he was a Lieutenant Commander in the United States Navy at the time of the accident, and he is buried at Ar-lington National Cemetery. (5) All 3 astronauts were posthumously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor. (6) As Arlington National Cemetery is where the United States recognize heroes who have passed in the service of our Nation, it is fitting on the 50th anniversary of the Apollo I launch test accident that the United States acknowledge those astronauts by building a memorial in their honor. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF MEMORIAL TO THE  C
REW OF THE APOLLO I LAUNCH TESTACCI-
DENT AT ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY .— Subject to applicable requirements of sec-tion 2409(b)(2)(E) of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary of the Army shall, in consultation with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the Commission of Fine Arts, and the Advisory Committee on Arlington National Cemetery, authorize the construction at an appropriate place in Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia, of a memorial marker honoring the three members of the crew of the Apollo I crew who died during a launch rehearsal test on January 27, 1967, in Cape Canaveral, Florida. SA 732. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 338. PREVENTING ENCROACHMENT BY AC-TIVITIES NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MILITARY OPERATIONS ON DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TEST AND TRAINING RANGES. 
Section 104(a) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (title I of division C of Public Law 109–432; 43 U.S.C. 1331 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ and in-serting ‘‘June 30, 2027’’. 
SA 733. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Littoral Combat Ship, in-crease the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $1,200,000,000. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, July 27, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in 328A Russell Senate Office Building, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘To consider the following nomina-tions: Rostin Behnam, Brian D. Quintenz, and Dawn DeBerry Stump, to be Commissioners at the CFTC.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, July 27, 2017 at 9:45 a.m. to conduct an executive session to vote on nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATION  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, July 27, 2017 at 10 a.m., to hold a business meeting. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on July 27, 2017, at 9 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Sen-ate Office Building, to continue a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Foreign Agents Registration Act and Attempts to Influence U.S. Elections: Lessons Learned from Current and Prior Ad-ministrations.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, July 27, 2017 from 10 a.m. in room SH–219 of the Sen-ate Hart Office Building to hold a Closed Member Markup. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Joshua Friedlein, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dave Zwirblis, Shane Stoughton, and Neal McMillan, congressional fellows in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JULY 31, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 4 p.m., Monday, July 31; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of the Newsom nomination; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Newsom nomination occur at 5:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JULY 31, 2017, AT 4 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 1:56 a.m., adjourned until Monday, July 31, 2017, at 4 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.146 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4607 July 27, 2017 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
ANN MARIE BUERKLE, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A COMMIS-SIONER OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMIS-SION FOR A TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM OCTOBER 27, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) ANN MARIE BUERKLE, OF NEW YORK, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION, VICE ELLIOT F. KAYE. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
C. J. MAHONEY, OF KANSAS, TO BE DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE (INVESTMENT, SERV-ICES, LABOR, ENVIRONMENT, AFRICA, CHINA, AND THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE), WITH THE RANK OF AMBAS-SADOR, VICE MIRIAM E. SAPIRO, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOHN R. BASS, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF AFGHANISTAN. SAMUEL DALE BROWNBACK, OF KANSAS, TO BE AM-BASSADOR AT LARGE FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, VICE DAVID NATHAN SAPERSTEIN, RESIGNED. MICHAEL JAMES DODMAN, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURI-TANIA. 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK  
J. STEVEN DOWD, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DIRECTOR OF THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE WALTER CRAWFORD JONES, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
PETER HOEKSTRA, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF THE NETHERLANDS. DANIEL J. KRITENBRINK, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM. JUSTIN HICKS SIBERELL, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN. MICHELE JEANNE SISON, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF HAITI. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
HALSEY B. FRANK, OF MAINE, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF MAINE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE THOMAS E. DELAHANTY II, RE-SIGNED. JEFFREY B. JENSEN, OF MISSOURI, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF MIS-SOURI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE RICHARD G. CALLAHAN, RESIGNED. MARK A. KLAASSEN, OF WYOMING, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF WYOMING FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE CHRISTOPHER A. CROFTS, RESIGNED. BYUNG J. PAK, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES AT-TORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE SALLY QUILLIAN YATES, RESIGNED. BRIAN D. SCHRODER, OF ALASKA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF ALASKA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KAREN LOUISE LOEF-FLER, RESIGNED. D. MICHAEL HURST, JR., OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE GREGORY K. DAVIS, RESIGNED. WILLIAM C. LAMAR, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE FELICIA C. ADAMS, RESIGNED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DENNIS ARROYO ERRILL C. AVECILLA CHARLES A. BLANKMAN THOMAS J. COLLINS CRAIG E. DEAN MARY C. GANTT ORIN C. GILBERT WILLIAM J. LEE GLENN LITMAN MICHAEL R. MEDVED MARK A. SANDERS RONALD C. SMITH MICHAEL A. SPOSATO BRIAN P. WEBER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MURRAY E. CARLOCK ROGER W. DRURY ALFRED F. GOMEZ JOHNNY D. JURGENSMEYER JAMES M. JUSTITZ JOHN M. KOLTVEDT SANDRA R. MASON GEORGE W. MCCOMMON CORY J. OSWALD JAMES D. PALMER JOHN A. PASSEHL CHRISTOPHER C. RIVERA JOHN M. RODOLICO WALTER R. ROSS, JR. CARLOS V. SILVA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
ALON S. AHARON DANIEL E. BANKS EVERETT J. BONNER, JR. STEPHEN A. COLE JON D. DUBOSE JAMES H. GRUBER TERRY D. HASHEY MICHAEL L. JONES HOMER E. KIRBY III THEODOROS C. KOUMOUNDOUROS MATTHEW J. LIEPKE JOSE J. LOPEZAGUDO CHRISTOPHER A. MARINAKIS KARL E. MARKERT SHANE R. MULL BRETT D. OWENS TRENT D. RASMUSSEN MANI RAVEE WAYNE T. SCOTT REGAN P. SHABLOSKI KELLY J. TURNER STEPHEN E. VINGE THEODORE M. WARE EDWIN A. WYMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JULIA R. PLEVNIA CHARLES G. RIDDLE DOUGLAS B. SELBE MONT S. SMITH HAL E. VINEYARD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TRESSA D. COCHRAN MICHAEL C. DESENA LIBBY L. DILLON ANGELA D. FOSTER PAUL G. GRAHAM SANDRA B. HOLMES KATHLEEN L. KING JANET G. LUNDBERG MARCELLA P. MCCALL ROBERT W. NANCE, JR. AMY J. PRICE BRENDA A. RUHRER CARRIE L. TEAGUE KAREN F. WIGGINS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LOREN D. ADAMS JANICE L. BAKER CHARLES C. DODD TAMARA B. GULL JULIE A. KOUPAL PHILIP A. WENTZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOANNE E. ARSENAULT TERESA R. BIERD ANNIE M. CICHOCKI JOHN F. CONROY YVONNE M. IVANOV JOHN R. KITCHEN PATRICIA M. OSMON HAIDDIE L. PRATA FELISHA L. RHODES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL E. ALVIS CYRILENE D. ARRINGTON MARIO AVILA, JR. JOHN C. BARFELS JOHN P. BOGGAN TRENT D. BRANN ELIZABETH A. BUSHEME JACK O. EGAN WILLIAM D. FLOYD STEVEN GANDIA ERIC D. HUGHES MARK P. LOYOLA MICHAEL K. MAGNER KELLY J. NEBEL CHRISTI G. OPSTRUP MARILYNN G. RINK ERIC L. SKINNER MICHELE M. SPENCER KATHERINE V. SUAREZ DANITA L. TAYLOR JAMES R. VANDEVENTER JEFFREY A. WADE RICHARD L. WEICHEL JEFFREY P. WOOD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
JOHN W. ALDRIDGE RAJ S. AMBAY HAN S. BAE LEE G. BECKWITH INES H. BERGER VLADIMIR BERKOVICH DAVID BETTINGER WILLIAM BROWDER ALICIA CHILITO RICHARD E. CLATTERBUCK CINDY A. CODISPOTI ALEXANDER F. DEGAZON SHERI K. DENNISON SHERRI L. DUNKELBERGER JOSEF K. EICHINGER CRAIG M. EYMAN ANTONY FERNANDEZ MARY C. FISCHER ELIZABETH Y. FLANIGAN ROBERT T. GEERTMAN BRUCE A. GLEASON DIANE F. GODOROV PETER S. HEDBERG TINH K. HUYN NADIM ISLAM NICKOLAS KARAJOHN DAVID KING OLIVER Y. LAU ELIZABETH A. LAWRANCE ROBERTO LEBRON JUNPING LI MILES E. MAHAN CHAD T. MARLEY SHARON A. MAXWELL WILLIAM H. MONTGOMERY, JR. ARTHUR W. MORROW JODY D. NEFF JOHN T. P. NGUYEN LUCIANO OQUENDO III SHANE E. OTTMANN GOPAKUMAR P. PANIKKAR MATTHEW W. PANTSARI AKI S. PURYEAR MATTHEW D. PUTNAM JULIE M. K. REMO JOSE N. RIVERARUIZ CAROLINE A. RYAN JARRET E. SANDS JAVIER SANTIAGORIVERA JEFFREY L. SHERE JAMES B. SMITH MICHAEL J. SORNA DE Q. TRAN LORENZO M. VAZQUEZ JAMES A. WAYNE, JR. GORDON R. WEIGLE MALLORY WILLIAMS THEODORE S. WOLL PHILIP E. ZAPANTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
SCOTT R. CHEEVER VAL J. CHEEVER ROGER T. ELLIS JOHN W. GEARY, JR. DENNIS R. GIMLIN DONALD C. GUNDLACH MICHAEL A. HOLLIFIELD MARTIN A. HRITZ JOHN C. P. HSU MANUEL L. IRAVEDRA KEVIN D. JOHNSON TRENT E. LOISEAU MANBIR K. PANNU RUPANDE PATEL ADAM K. RICH SUSAN D. TUBIC DIANA E. ZSCHASCHEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
EDWARD J. ALEXANDER KATHY A. BAPTISTEJONES ANDREA K. BASSMARTIN LEANNA J. BROWN AVERY A. BROWNE MAUREEN M. COMFORT JEANNETTA CORCORAN CHRISTOPHER W. DABBS JEFFREY R. DELAY MARK W. DUNAVAN OGO C. EZEOKEKE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:28 Oct 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\JULY\S27JY7.REC S27JY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4608 July 27, 2017 
ELIZABETH A. FRALEY GREGORY P. FRAZIER DERRICK C. GLYMPH TERESA L. GUILES PAMELA J. LAWSON TRYPHENA T. LEWIS MARTHA J. LYSTAD SHEILA M. MCCARLEY SCOTT D. MCDANNOLD TODD W. MEHRHOFF MELODY K. MOUNT RAMONA J. MULLEINSFOREMAN JACQUELYN C. NELSON PATRICIA A. OLSON ERIK R. PEMBERTON KATHARINE O. POLLITT CONCEPCION E. L. RIVERA MICHAEL A. ROLLIN MARIA E. ROMANLOZADA SARA M. RUSH KAREN M. RUTHERFORD EDNA J. SMITH VIVIAN L. TAYLOR PATRICIA J. WADFORD DANIEL E. WALTERS DARIN J. WARD ARLISSA M. WASHINGTON SUSAN M. WEDELL BRIDGET C. WOLFE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBIN CREAR SCOTT T. FRAZIER JEFFREY P. GRIMES CHRISTOPHER R. HARRIS LEON E. HOOTEN IV DAVID G. PARKER STEPHEN A. ROGERS NEIL P. WOODS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
ERIC W. BULLOCK CRYSTAL R. ROMAY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.023 S27JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1065 July 27, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO FORMER CONGRESSMAN RALPH REGULA 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 25, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, it was my distinct honor and privilege to have served in the House of Representatives with Ralph Reg-ula, who passed away on Wednesday, July 19, 2017. In 2007, I became a member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations where Ralph had served for many years. He was Chairman of the Subcommittee on Interior and later as Chairman of the Labor and Health & Human Services Subcommittee. Ralph taught me a lot about how to achieve success in the Com-mittee by working together cooperatively with Republicans and Democrats alike. Ralph was the Dean of the Ohio Delegation and I often heard him tell the story of the Cuy-ahoga Valley National Park. The Park was es-tablished in 1974 with Ralph’s leadership and his partners John Seiberling and Charles Vanik. I particularly recall his story of how the law was signed. Ralph understood that Sec-retary of the Interior Rogers Morton opposed the Park and was recommending that Presi-dent Gerald Ford veto the bill. Ralph called former National Republican Committee Chair-man Ray Bliss of Akron and asked him to call the President to explain the importance of the Park in Ohio and to point out that the Park could be a political issue in the Presidential campaign. President Ford saw the wisdom in the advice and signed the bill into law. Ralph was born on December 3, 1924 in Beach City, Ohio. Ralph served in the Navy during World War II and graduated in 1948 from what is now known as the University of Mount Union in Alliance, Ohio. Originally, a teacher and principal who attended law school at night, Ralph served in the Ohio House and Senate before his election to an open Con-gressional seat in 1972. Ralph was married to his wife Mary for 66 years, and together they shared three adoring children. Ralph was an important voice in protecting important education programs including Pell Grants and health care programs including in-vestment in medical research. Ralph helped to establish the Ohio & Erie Canalway, which in-clude towpaths and historic sites. He also se-cured funding to help establish the National. First Ladies’ Library, which was founded by his wife Mary and located in Canton, Ohio. Many friends and family members of the Congressman will be gathering to ride the Ohio and Erie Canal Towpath Trail from Cleveland to Zoar this Friday. Ralph’s son Richard Regula will be leading this fitting com-memoration in celebration of Congressman Regula’s legacy. Ralph was always a champion of bipartisan-ship, oftentimes stating, ‘‘Listening to the points of view of others, finding common ground to cooperate and making friends on the ‘other side of the aisle’ helps to achieve ul-timate success.’’ I extend my deepest condolences to Ralph’s family and friends. He was a true patriot who leaves behind a positive legacy in both Wash-ington and Ohio. He will be deeply missed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, in communities across the country, our infrastructure is falling apart. This fact was highlighted once again when the American Society of Civil Engineers released its 2017 Infrastructure Report Card which gave our nation’s infrastructure a D+ rating. That is not acceptable and we must do better. One area of particular concern is the state of our nation’s dams. In far too many commu-nities, darns are in danger of breaching. As we recently saw at the Oroville Dam in Cali-fornia, dam breaches can cause catastrophic consequences to the surrounding commu-nities. Last year, Congress took a positive step to address this issue with the passage of the Water Infrastructure Improvement for the Na-tion (WIIN) Act. In particular, Section 1177 of the WIIN Act authorized funding for the Army Corps of Engineers to begin working to rehab some of our nation’s oldest, Corps-constructed dams that are classified as ‘‘high hazard po-tential’’. As many of you know, the failure of a dam that is classified as high-hazard potential is anticipated to cause loss of life. While Section 1177 is a positive start, it needs to be funded so the Corps can get to work. My amendment would simply direct the Army Corps to use existing funds within its Construction Account to implement this provi-sion up to its authorized level of $10 million. Both parties agree we need to improve our infrastructure. This is a modest proposal to ad-dress some of the most outdated, hazardous dams in the country. I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. MINE RESISTANT AMBUSH PROTECTED (MRAP) VEHICLE HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following statement on behalf of my constituent, Mr. Steve Chill, on the Marine Corps Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehi-cle. 
BLOWING THE WHISTLE ON A WHISTLEBLOWER : T
HEREALMRAP S TORY  (By Steve Chill) There is a perception that the Marine Corps was negligent in providing armored ve-hicle support for the warfighters in Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom (OIF). This purported negligence was centered on the Mine Resist-ant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle ef-fort, but negligence accusations extended to other equipment. These perceptions about Marine Corps negligence surrounding the MRAP efforts reflect ignorance of the facts. The negligence story was largely fabricated by a whistleblower and drew the interest of the press. The perceptions were also drawn from a DODIG report, the conclusions of which are based on incomplete information, and a Marine Corps that failed to adequately explain the truth with supporting evidence. The study ‘‘Blowing the Whistle on a Whis-tleblower: The Real MRAP Story’’ is a refu-tation of previous works dealing with the aforementioned MRAP accusations. This study explains what occurred and provides the evidence necessary (including hundreds of emails) to disprove the allegations of neg-ligence. The author was in a unique position to observe the events incorrectly described. This study corrects the record about the Ma-rine Corps’ fabricated negligence. It also pro-vides a means to understand the real lessons on support to operations in Iraq. There are two series of events associated with MRAP: the Marine Corps effort pro-viding armored vehicles and the portrayal of this effort. Providing armored vehicles: The term ‘‘Hejlik UUNS’’ will be used for the Feb 2005 I MEF MRAP Urgent Universal Needs State-ment (UUNS). ‘‘An UUNS is an immediate request from units that are deployed to or are awaiting imminent deployment to a combat theater. The UUNS is a request for a capability that, if not filled, places the ac-complishment of the unit’s mission in jeop-ardy or unduly increases the risk of casual-ties’’ (MARADMIN 045/06). The Commandant of the Marine Corps (CMC) decided to provide m1114 (armored HMMWVs or Humvees) as the material solution covering the Hejlik UUNS. The Executives of the Marine Corps were involved in this decision. The Hejlik UUNS was reduced to an UNS (Universal Needs Statement-not Urgent), removing it from further executive consideration and from the itinerary of the dozens of flag offi-cer commands that were responsible for it. No Marine Corps command continued pur-suing the UUNS. There was an absence of ac-tion (due to an absence of demand) between the removal of MRAP from consideration in August of 2005 until May of 2006 when I Ma-rine Expeditionary Force (MEF) (in Iraq) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.001 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1066 July 27, 2017 
submitted a brand new UUNS for 185 ar-mored vehicles. A subsequent submission for 1000 MRAP brought the total requirement to 1,185 which the Marine Corps pursued in the DOD and in Congress. The portrayal: Franz Gayl, a whistle-blower, created his first whistleblower brief in March of 2007. It was not MRAP focused and only one slide (of 31 slides) focused on MRAP. Gayl, despite scant firsthand knowl-edge about MRAP needs, became the ‘‘MRAP whistleblower’’. Gayl published his study in Jan 2008 prompting the DOD Inspector Gen-eral (DODIG) to investigate MRAP. Both the study and the DODIG report were flawed. Senator Biden, in conjunction with Gayl, es-tablished the ‘‘Marine Corps negligence’’ story in the mainstream press. The simple facts concerning the MRAP need are enough to dispel the MRAP neg-ligence falsehoods. A summary of the facts is as follows: Marine forces in combat drive the initi-ation of urgent new capabilities by submit-ting UUNS. These forces may be regarded as ‘‘the customer’’ that drives the rest of the support system. If the customer does not want it, it is not deployed. If deployed Ma-rines do not ask, they do not receive. Over the period of decades before the 2005 Hejlik UUNS, several mid-level Marines noted the effectiveness of MRAP-type vehi-cles and wrote several articles/papers about them. They did not convince their leadership to take action, nor did they aggressively pursue MRAP-type vehicle purchases. The rest of the combat development community did not develop a need for MRAPs. Other Services, the Joint community, the DOD, and other civilian organizations that are not Marine Combat Developers could have devel-oped MRAP-type vehicle needs and did not. In February 2005, BGen Hejlik (I MEF) sub-mitted an UUNS for 1,169 MRAPs. That UUNS was received by most major support commands. The need was immediate and there were significant concerns about mate-rial availability and manufacturing ability. The UUNS was briefed at the Marine Corps Executive Safety Board (ESB–March 05) and the Marine Corps Executive Off-Site (EOS– May 05). Between the two briefs, the entirety of the Marine Corps Executive body was briefed and considered MRAP-type vehicles. This included the Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps (CMC). CMC selected the m1114 (armored HMMWVs) with advice from his Executives and with the full knowledge of the Hejlik UUNS. The CMC decision to an-swer the 2005 Hejlik UUNS with m1114s effec-tively ended the urgent status of the 2005 Hejlik UUNS. A key point is that I MEF (Fwd) in Iraq was asking for m1114s as a solution for the Hejlik UUNS. M1114 procurement was a deci-sion supported by the MEFs in (or going to) Iraq. Marine Executives continued to be briefed on the Hejlik UUNS through August 2005. In August of 2005 Marine Executives ended con-sideration of the Hejlik UUNS as the m1114 decision by CMC was implemented. Over ten other senior Marine Corps Commands with MRAP decision responsibilities also ended their considerations. These commands did not simultaneously ‘‘lose’’ or ‘‘bury’’ the re-quest as has been falsely insinuated by Gayl and the press. The 2005 Hejlik UUNS was downgraded to an UNS which changed the status of MRAPs away from a critical need by a Commander involved in operations to save lives. The re-duction to an UNS placed MRAP in the reg-ular combat development process with other trucks where it continued to be considered by Systems Command as a potential vehicle solution for future needs. Marine Forces Pa-cific (MARFORPAC) reflected this reduction in its UUNS tracker and reflected the 2005 Hejlik UUNS as complete. The reduction to a regular UNS shows that the need was no longer required by the forces in Iraq to pre-vent undue increases in casualties. II MEF (2005–2006 deployment), in Iraq, did not pursue the 2005 Hejlik UUNS or any dif-ferent request for MRAPs. I MEF (2006–2007 deployment), in its prioritized listings before deployment neither listed MRAP as a pri-ority nor as a need at all. The forces in com-bat or going to combat simply were not re-questing MRAPs during this timeframe. The entire combat development community to include the MEFs, MARFORs, Advocates and Executives regarded the Hejlik UUNS as re-solved and reduced to an UNS. The DODIG would later incorrectly summarize BGen Hejlik’s assertion that the UUNS was re-duced as a fabrication. A separate Marine Corps I.G. of I MEF (Fwd) that concluded in May of 2006 found no documented need for MRAP. I MEF (Fwd) did nothing to indicate any existing MRAP UUNS during this I.G. once again indicating an absence of demand. I MEF had the oppor-tunity to identify a MRAP need (new or old) to the Marine Corps I.G. and did not do so. The I.G. process allowed for review by CG I MEF (Fwd) and yet there was still no MRAP demand. This is evidence that I MEF was not pursuing MRAPs at this time. Approximately nine months after Hejlik UUNS removal from MROC consideration, I MEF (back in Iraq) submitted a new UUNS for 185 vehicles (May 2006). The name re-quested was not MRAP. The number re-quested was not 1,169 (the number requested in the Hejlik UUNS). Combat developers pressured I MEF to ask for more vehicles and to submit for joint funding. I MEF initially refused to ask for more than 185. There is no logic in Gayl’s or the DODIG’s contention that I MEF simultaneously wanted 1,169 MRAPs, but also did not want more than 185 MRAPs. The fact is that the Hejlik UUNS was satisfied by the provision of m1114 and was no longer an active urgent request. Eventually I MEF submitted a second re-quest for 1000 more vehicles (July 2006), this time calling them MRAP. Starting in May 2006 the Marine Corps sup-porting establishment, to include MCCDC, diligently processed and worked the new re-quest even before it was officially submitted. Congress was briefed. Marine Corps leader-ship, up to and including the CMC, advocated for MRAP. Testing of different MRAP-type vehicles from different companies occurred in 2006. Budget issues were worked for MRAP. The program office was created and MRAP became the Marine Corps’ number 1 priority. Congress and DOD leadership were supportive of Marine efforts. A contract was awarded for 200 vehicles in Feb of 2007 with the intent of fielding capa-bility immediately. The Marine Corps MRAP need was considered to be over 800 with ex-pectations of a higher number required. That expectation was realized as the joint require-ment in Feb 2007 grew to almost 7,000 vehi-cles. The MRAP program was recommended for ‘‘high priority’’ status. In May 2007 SECDEF Gates finally designated MRAP as the number one DOD priority. The Marine Corps was accused of neg-ligence, and did not sufficiently battle these scurrilous accusations. The effort (and suc-cess) in smearing the Marine Corps is sum-marized below. In 2007, while the Marine Corps was in com-bat, Gayl was fabricating a case against the Marine Corps. He stated that it was only a case against Quantico, but those who under-stand the Marine Corps also understand that combat development is a Corps-wide effort. Gayl’s study reflects his inadequately devel-oped or erroneous beliefs. Most of his impor-tant points are incorrect. Others are fab-ricated. Despite the myriad of inaccuracies, Gayl’s study was perceived as credible. A further repudiation of the Gayl study may be developed in a review of the actions of the Advocates. The Marine Corps devel-oped a system of Advocacy to support the de-ployed forces. The ‘‘Advocates’’ act as a type of lawyer, ensuring the deployed forces’ (MARFOR and MEFs) requests (including UUNS) are handled appropriately. The cover page from Gayl’s study cites his whistle-blower credential as the ‘‘GCE Advocate S&T Advisor’’. Advocate responsibilities are de-lineated in order and directive and are also included on the cover page of every UUNS. The Advocate (including Gayl) has sole re-sponsibility for several UUNS steps and is a contributor for many others. Gayl’s critique of the Marine Corps is either a criticism of his own job performance . . . or his critique is fatally flawed (the latter is actually the case). The Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps asked for a DODIG to look into the ac-cusations in Gayl’s study. The MRAP DODIG occurred over two years after the events it was investigating. Marines had rotated out of their billets and emails were deleted. The DODIG failed to uncover key evidence con-tradicting Gayl’s claims. While the DODIG did not validate the great majority of Gayl’s claims, it did not fully disprove his study. They were not as thorough as they should have been. The ‘‘whistleblowing’’ continued and on 14 May 2009 Gayl testified before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on the Whistleblower Protection Act. Gayl’s study on MRAP was quoted for the record. Both the testimony and the study were flawed. In addition to the outright rejections, there were a series of documents proving that I MEF did not desire or pursue MRAPs beyond the provision of the m1114s. Despite having ample opportunity to manifest any sort of new MRAP requirement (or dis-satisfaction with the m1114 solution) in sev-eral documents, the deployed forces and their parent commands did not once do so. This absence of requests is reflected in man-dated reports. They all show an absence of any unprovided need from the Hejlik UUNS. The numerous official documents that did not identify an MRAP need reflect one thing: the absence of MRAP need. There was never any ‘‘constant demand’’ and the portrayal of a ‘‘constant demand’’ was a fabrication or outright lie. The press remains woefully ignorant of the Marine Corps combat development process yet, even today, feels comfortable criticizing portions of it. Gayl’s thousands of errors were not scrutinized by the press. Gayl’s ac-cusations were sensational and received widespread coverage but the press did not be-lieve it necessary to check Gayl’s ‘‘facts’’ be-fore reporting. The study ‘‘Blowing the Whistle on a Whis-tleblower: The Real MRAP Story’’ serves to contest the previous versions of events that disparaged the Corps’ dealing with MRAP needs from 2005 to late 2006. The reputation of the Corps suffered as a result. f 
RECOGNIZING SPRING HILL, FLORIDA 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize Spring Hill, Florida 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.001 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1067 July 27, 2017 
as the community celebrates its 50th Anniver-sary. Spring Hill was founded in 1967 by the Mackle Brothers’ Deltona Development Cor-poration as a sister city to Deltona. The Spring Hill waterfall, located at Spring Hill Drive and US 19, marks the original entrance to the community. The Mackle Brothers developed a fly and buy program where they would fly po-tential buyers down to play golf and see the community. The Mackle Brothers marketing strategy brought huge crowds to the commu-nity and within three years the majority of the 28,500 platted lots were sold. Today, Spring Hill’s award-winning golf courses and gated communities attract new-comers to the area. Situated near Weeki Wachee Springs and the Gulf of Mexico, Spring Hill has developed itself into the largest community in Hernando County. I congratulate the people that live and work in Spring Hill. It is truly an honor to serve the residents of Spring Hill, and I thank them for their tremendous contributions to Florida’s Ad-venture Coast. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BALDWIN FAMILY HEALTH CARE’S 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Baldwin Family Health Care, a com-munity health center in Baldwin, Michigan, for their 50 years of dedicated service. On Friday, August 11, 2017, they will celebrate this mo-mentous anniversary. Founded in 1967, Baldwin Family Health Care is a non-profit, Federally Qualified Health Center that provides quality, integrated, and comprehensive health care services that are accessible to all. At the time, it was the na-tion’s third community health center and the first of its kind in Michigan. Committed to providing primary health care to families in the surrounding communities, Baldwin Family Health Care offers one-stop medical shopping opportunities. This includes primary medical care, dental, lab, x-ray, phar-macy, behavioral health, health education, perinatal services, and vision services. They also provide school-based child and adoles-cent health centers for the Baldwin area. Baldwin Family Health Care serves the un-insured and underinsured in Lake County. Baldwin Family Health Care is purposely lo-cated to care for families in need, especially those in Lake County’s nearby public housing. Baldwin Family Health Care is implementing new health initiatives to further strengthen health services for the poor. It is more than just treatment for illnesses and injuries; there is also an emphasis on education and preven-tion that promotes wellness to help people lead healthier lives. Today, they have additional centers in White Cloud, Grant, Cadillac and McBain. In all, Family Health Care serves 30,000 medical pa-tients and nearly 8,000 dental patients. The efforts and success of Baldwin Family Health Care in providing health education, health care, and community services should be celebrated. Congratulations to Baldwin Family Health Care on your 50th Anniversary, and thank you for your compassion for com-munities in West Michigan. f 
HONORING THE SELMA 15U ALL STAR BASEBALL TEAM 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Selma 15U All Star baseball team for winning the 2017 Dixie Baseball World Series. It has been 45 years since a team paraded the World Series trophy through the streets of my hometown, Selma, Alabama, but this losing streak finally came to an end on Sunday, July 23, in Independence, Louisiana. After falling short of winning last year’s title, the team was ready for a taste of redemption. In a hard fought, 8–3 win against Hattiesburg, Mississippi, the Selma 15U All Stars secured their place in history and brought home the gold. An enthusiastic crowd of family and com-munity members was waiting to welcome their hometown champions back to Selma. The team is comprised of 14 boys: Dione Allen, Alex Colquitt, Tevin Craig, Matthew Davis, Trovonn Davis, Joseph Estes, Xavier Green, Jeremy Lee Jr., Amarion Molette, Octavious Palmer, Jacob Peavy, George Tur-ner, Milam Turner, and Richard Allen Waters. They come from a combination of Dallas County High School, Meadowview Christian Academy, Morgan Academy, and Selma High School. Built on a foundation of diversity, this team showcases what can happen when com-munities are united in a common cause. Through their hard work and dedication, these boys displayed what it means to be a leader in their communities. Selma is often portrayed as a city lacking in opportunities for civic en-gagement, but the Selma 15U All Stars is a di-rect antithesis to this misguided characteriza-tion. The man behind this remarkable group of young men is Head Coach Ricky Waters. I had the great privilege of going to grade school with Ricky in our hometown of Selma. I know that this victory is of special importance to him since he took the field against the same opponent, Hattiesburg, at the Dixie Baseball World Series when he was a player, 38 years ago. Although Ricky’s time at bat ended in a loss, he was able to lead this team of Selma 15U All Stars to victory in 2017. Ricky, along with Coaches Richard Davis, Jake Peavy, and Jason Foti, created a win-ning team of boys that everyone in Alabama should be proud of. As every sports fan knows, behind every great team is an even greater community. A raucous crowd of over 100 cheering fans and the blaring sirens of police cars and firetrucks welcomed the team of champions home. It was a bright day for Selma as the city came together to celebrate these young athletic am-bassadors and their competitive triumph. This extraordinary group of young men and their dedicated coaches are a shining example of the positive impact sports can have on a community. I am proud to represent these local heroes, and I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to the 2017 Dixie Base-ball World Series champions, the Selma 15U All Star Baseball Team. Congratulations. f 
HONORING THE 100-YEAR ANNI-VERSARY OF FORT LEWIS, WASHINGTON 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to share my admiration and appreciation for the institution of Fort Lewis, which this year is celebrating 100 years in Washington’s South Sound. In 1917, as the United States was fighting at the peak of World War I, the people of this community came together to show soli-darity and sacrifice. Pierce County overwhelm-ingly passed a bond to raise $2 million dollars to purchase and donate over 60,000 acres to the Army in order to found Camp Lewis. Civil- military partnerships and cooperation are a heritage we proudly continue to this very day. What started as a modest training area has grown to become the premier power projection platform on the West Coast. Camp Lewis be-came Fort Lewis in 1927 and then Joint Base Lewis-McChord in 2010. It is now the fourth largest military base in the world, with active duty service members, National Guard, Re-servists, and civilians working side by side to ensure our national security. The soldiers stationed at Camp Lewis fought valiantly in World War I. The Ninety- First Division took part in the Battle of Flan-ders where it captured 2,300 German pris-oners and 400 machine guns, despite facing enormous odds. Incredibly, five members of the Division were awarded the Medal of Honor for their bravery, including First Lieutenant Deming Bronson, a graduate of the University of Washington. America’s 34th President, Dwight D. Eisen-hower, served at Fort Lewis as Chief of Staff of Third Army Division with the rank of Colonel between 1940 and 1941 before going on to become the Supreme Allied Commander in World War II. In that conflict, Fort Lewis units, including the 41st Infantry Division and the 3rd Infantry Division, deployed to New Guinea, North Africa, Sicily, Italy, France, and Central Europe. Their record was astounding; soldiers from the 3rd Infantry Division earned 16 Med-als of Honor. From early on, Fort Lewis was a bastion of diversity. In 1943, Fort Lewis was home to the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps, with heroic women serving in the motor pools, on sentry duty, and as medical technicians. The military, under President Truman’s Executive Order, helped lead society toward desegregation in the 1940’s and 50’s. When the segregated ‘‘South Fort Lewis’’ and the black soldiers there joined ranks with the rest of the post, both the units and soldiers became stronger. The storied history of Joint Base Lewis- McChord has chapters in Korea, Vietnam, Af-ghanistan, and Iraq. The Soldiers and Airmen stationed there have fought for freedom and democracy across the globe and back here at home. The base is now home to the Army I Corps, the Air Force 62nd and 446th Airlift Wings, the 7th Infantry Division, the 1st Spe-cial Forces Group, the 2nd Battalion of the 75th Ranger Regiment, and Madigan Army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.002 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1068 July 27, 2017 
Medical Center—the Army’s second largest medical treatment facility. They lay claim to an inspiring and influential past, only to be sur-passed by a great future, full of potential, full of bravery, and full of patriotism. Mr. Speaker, our country owes Joint Base Lewis-McChord and the brave women and men working there an insurmountable debt of gratitude. On the 100-year anniversary of its historic founding, I want to say thank you for the past century of protection, hope, and comradery coming out of Joint Base Lewis- McChord. 
f 
HONORING MITCHELL HUSTON FOR HIS 2ND PLACE FINISH AT THE NATIONAL SPEECH DEBATE TOURNAMENT 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent, Mitchell Huston, on his 2nd Place finish at the National Speech and Debate Tournament that took place in Birmingham, Alabama June 17–24, 2017. Mitchell, who is a junior at Jefferson City High School, performed a piece entitled: ‘‘Not a Genuine Black Man,’’ by Brian Copeland. Mitchell chose this piece because of the im-portant message it instills about the need for our society to be accepting of all races and creeds. Throughout his performance, Mitchell portrayed Brian Copeland’s life story that in-volved years of criticism about his status in the African American community and eventu-ally how Copeland confronted stigma and suc-cessfully overcame it. To make it to the Na-tional Tournament, Mitchell took 3rd place in the St. Louis District Tournament and at the National Speech and Debate Tournament, Mitchell placed 2nd in the prose category. To receive 2nd Place at the competition was a great accomplishment for Mitchell. As this was Mitchell’s first year on the Jefferson City High Debate Team, Mitchell’s coach, Jordan Hart, was especially excited with this accom-plishment. While competing during the national competition, Mitchell exhibited humility and as he continued to excel, he gave the glory of his success to God. Besides his participation with the debate team, Mitchell is also a member of the Jefferson City High School football team and participates in several other extra-curricular activities. I ask you to join me in congratulating Mitch-ell Huston on his 2nd Place finish at the Na-tional Speech and Debate Tournament. The commitment he has shown to the Jefferson City High School Debate team is a commend-able accomplishment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL DEACON MADDOX FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE PEOPLE OF THE 9TH DIS-TRICT AND THE NATION 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in tribute to the dedicated service of Colonel Deacon Maddox, commander of Letterkenny Army Depot. Since his arrival in August of 2015, Colonel Maddox has brought the finest elements of the U.S. Army Warrior Ethos to bear on the task of revitalizing operations at Letterkenny Army Depot. Through his innovative leadership, Colonel Maddox has brought about substantial and lasting changes that have cemented Letterkenny’s place as the premier defense in-dustrial facility in the nation for decades to come. Throughout his career as an Army officer, Colonel Maddox has exemplified the finest tra-ditions of this nation’s armed forces. His ten-ure at the helm of Letterkenny has been marked by an unshakeable commitment to the men and women under his command, and his work to improve the efficacy and production at the depot has made this nation safer and more secure. Let no one make the mistake of under-estimating the role of America’s organic indus-trial base. Our depots and arsenals work tire-lessly to put the weapons and equipment in the hands of the warfighter, and the labor being done in the heart of Pennsylvania saves lives in lands far from home. That would not be possible without the steadfast guidance of leaders like Colonel Deacon Maddox. In his time at Letterkenny Army Depot, Colonel Maddox has done more than simply steer the installation towards greater suc-cess—he has also become a welcome part of the Franklin County community. From his en-gagement with local officials to his collabora-tion with Team Letterkenny, Colonel Maddox has been a valued member of the 9th District. It has been an honor to work with him, and his presence will be missed in Franklin County. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 9th District, I want to thank Colonel Deacon Maddox for his selfless service, and for working so hard to protect both the American warfighter and the dedicated workforce at Letterkenny Army Depot. Though Colonel Maddox’s time at Letterkenny Army Depot may be over, the im-pact he has made to improve the installation and the lives of its employees will be felt for decades to come. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF THE DENVER PRESS CLUB, A NATIONAL TREASURE CELEBRATING ITS 150TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, one year after Colorado became the 38th state, in 1877 a group of Denver journalists formed the na-tion’s first press club. Now celebrating its 150th Anniversary, the Denver Press Club is significant to our community and our country in a number of ways. What started as a means for frontier-town rival reporters to play poker, tap into a barrel of Taos Lightning whiskey and debate the news of the day became a magnet for some of the most famous names in the field, defend-ers of the First Amendment and strong advo-cates for the values of journalism that are so critical to our democracy. In its early years, the club met in various spots, including the ‘‘cyclone cellar’’ of Wolfe Londoner’s grocery store before he was elect-ed mayor of Denver, a term cut short due to a scandal that his journalist friends covered with gusto. He was later elected president of the Colorado State Press Association. As the club grew, it met in local hotels, among them the prestigious and famous Brown Palace. The club’s own prestige in-creased as it brought national speakers and performers to Denver, awarded honorary membership to several U.S. presidents, brought the International League of Press Clubs to Denver in 1906 and served an instru-mental role in elevating Denver’s profile and meeting the needs of national media when the city hosted the 1908 National Democratic Con-vention. A permanent home for the club was built with the help of an architect team that in-cluded the designer of the Denver Public Li-brary, Daniels & Fisher department store and Red Rocks Amphitheater. In 1986, this struc-ture was named a Historic Landmark, and the Society for Professional Journalists designated the club a ‘‘significant historical place in jour-nalism’’ in 2008. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places this year. Oh, and of course the building includes a card room, home to one of the oldest card games in Denver. But the Denver Press Club’s nearly 500 members do a lot more than play games and socialize, though. They work to strengthen and promote journalism while educating the public on matters that reflect the importance of em-powered and free media. Through the years, the membership has in-cluded renowned reporters, editors, cartoon-ists, and authors, several of them Pulitzer Prize winners, who made their mark in the pursuit that has long been the watchword of many journalists: comforting the afflicted and afflicting the comfortable. Among the luminaries on The Denver Press Club’s historic roster was Damon Runyon, for whom the club has named its cornerstone award, given to people whose careers have embodied his style and verve. Recipients have included Molly Ivins, Tim Russert, Jill Abramson, Frank Deford, Katie Couric, Carl Hiassen, Bob Costas and many others. The club also awards scholarships in Run-yon’s name to Colorado’s top journalism stu-dents, as well as a separate award in coordi-nation with the University of Colorado Boulder for outstanding crime reporting that’s named for the late Al Nakkula, who was on the police beat for decades. These activities and others serve to raise awareness of what good jour-nalism means to Colorado and the United States. And that cause is more relevant now than ever, amid vast changes to the media landscape in recent years and new, unex-pected challenges. The Denver Press Club has long played its part in shining a light on our city and helping democracy thrive. As it celebrates its sesqui-centennial, I am proud and honored to con-gratulate the club’s members on its legacy, and to wish them all the best in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.005 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1069 July 27, 2017 
HAPPY GOLDEN WEDDING ANNI-VERSARY TO HON. AND MRS. DAN AND MARTHA MICA 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring to the attention of my colleagues an oc-casion that marks the 50th wedding anniver-sary of two individuals who not only have committed their lives together in marriage but also in the service of our great nation. The Honorable Daniel A. Mica served as a member of this Chamber, in the 96th and the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1979 through January 3, 1989) initially representing Florida’s 11th and then subsequently, 14th District. Mr. Mica and his wife, Martha Fry Mica met while students at Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Florida, and were married on August 12, 1967 at St. Jerome Catholic Church in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Mr. Mica’s brother, John L. Mica, also a former member of this Chamber, served as the best man. Mr. Mica’s friends, Richard McBride and John Sargent, served as groomsmen. Mrs. Mica’s friend, Karen McClary Cakouros, served as the maid of honor, her sister, Mary Alice Fry, served as bridesmaid and her brother, Stephen Fry, served as lector. As a result of their interest in public service, the newly-married couple began working to-gether on the campaign of Honorable Paul G. Rogers. Mr. Mica later served as Chief of Staff to Mr. Rogers, and succeeded him, serving five terms in the U.S. House of Representa-tives, working tirelessly for Floridians and all Americans. Subsequently, Mr. Mica worked more than two decades in the world of advo-cacy and association management. Mrs. Mica, while raising four children, received her juris doctorate degree from George Mason Univer-sity and co-founded a landscape design busi-ness. Over the years, they have given gener-ously of their time by serving on the boards of non-profit charitable organizations and as members of their Catholic parish. Now living in Alexandria, Virginia, Mr. and Mrs. Mica continue to serve through their charitable work. They are proud parents and grandparents. The four children and five grandchildren are Christine Mica, of Alexan-dria, Virginia; Daniel A. ‘‘Andrew’’ Mica, Jr., his wife Elizabeth ‘‘Libby’’ Davies Mica, and their children Elin and Owen, of Belmont, Massa-chusetts; Caroline Mica Jolly, husband Frank Mosley Jolly, III, and their children Martha Jeanne, Gentry and Edward, of Alexandria, Virginia; and Paul Anthony Mica, of San Diego, California. Born in Hannibal, Missouri, Martha Fry Mica is the daughter of Anna Marie Wagner Fry and Gentry Schultz Fry. Martha has six siblings, Susan Fry Lochrie, William Fry, Roger Fry, Stephen Fry, Mary Alice Fry, and Tracy Fry Rothaus. Daniel Andrew Mica was born in Bing-hamton, New York. He is the son of John Mica and Adeline Rose Resciniti Mica. Dan has three siblings John L. Mica, Adeline ‘‘Cookie’’ Mica Downing, and David R. Mica. Admired and loved by their family and friends, Mr. and Mrs. Mica demonstrate tre-mendous generosity and love of country. Therefore, I am pleased to congratulate them on their Golden Wedding Anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JOHNNY MARINES 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise to recognize the accom-plishments and contributions of Mr. Johnny Marines. Mr. Marines is actively involved in the bet-terment of his community, the Los Angeles re-gion, and in neighborhoods across our great nation. Mr. Marines has been recognized by count-less local leaders in both New York and Cali-fornia for his tremendous support to the com-munity and dedication to assisting those in need. Mr. Marines, a native of the Lower East Side of New York, has been a great force in the rise of the popular Latin American group, Aventura and more recently, bachata star, Romeo Santos. Johnny Marines founded JME, a diversified entertainment and media company with ven-tures in integrating music, film, television and philanthropy. Johnny has made it his mission to grow the number of opportunities for Latino musical art-ists to be successful and make an impact on the community that listens to these artists. Before becoming involved in the music in-dustry, Mr. Marines dedicated his life to pro-tecting and serving New York City residents. He attended John Jay College School of Criminal Justice until he was recruited by the NYPD on August 30, 1993. In March 1994, Johnny graduated from the New York Police Academy in the top 10 per-cent of his class. Mr. Marines was promoted to the rank of sergeant in March 2003, retiring with that rank in February 2009. He has not forgotten his humble roots and the neighborhood that had a profound impact on his upbringing. Mr. Marines has committed to dedicating his time and resources to give back to his com-munity. Mr. Marines has worked with elected offi-cials and music groups to provide holiday din-ners to needy families, ship food and supplies to struggling families in the Dominican Repub-lic, and visit sick children in hospitals in an ef-fort to lift their spirits. Mr. Marines has led the way in helping oth-ers in California in the City and County of Los Angeles, focusing on assisting Angelenos with developmental disabilities. Mr. Marines has established himself as a leader and a charitable American utilizing his talents to create unique opportunities for all ages to thrive and impact the world. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Johnny Marines and ap-plauding his contributions and philanthropic endeavors. RECOGNIZING THE 2017 VETERAN COMMENDATION RECIPIENTS HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the recipients of the 2017 Con-gressional Veteran Commendation from the 16th District of Illinois. The eight veterans receiving this com-mendation represent the best of the brave men and women who serve our country. These veterans answered their country’s call during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. As a veteran myself, it is incred-ibly humbling to not only represent these he-roes in Congress, but also to have the oppor-tunity to honor them for their patriotism and sacrifices on behalf of our nation. After their military service to our country, these veterans came home to serve their com-munities. They are civic leaders, active citi-zens, and many continue to serve their military brothers and sisters through veteran service organizations. Although their mission has changed since returning to civilian life, their leadership and tenacity remains steadfast. It is truly an honor to recognize the recipi-ents of the 2017 Congressional Veteran Com-mendation: Sergeant David S. Buennemeyer of Marseilles, IL; Private First Class William J. Butzen of Ottawa, IL; Captain Thomas M. Craig of Streator, IL; Chief Petty Officer Irving F. DeWald of Coal City, IL; Chief Warrant Offi-cer Four John ‘‘Jack’’ A. Leininger of Mar-seilles, IL; Master Sergeant Ashley ‘‘Dave’’ C. Davis of Rockford, IL; Sergeant Kelly Frey of Kankakee, IL; Sergeant Steven M. Huettemann of Morris, IL; Staff Sergeant Wm. Walter Lochbaum of Streator, IL; Sergeant Alan D. Love of Morris, IL; Petty Officer Third Class James A. Rissman of Sheridan, IL; Petty Officer Third Class Robert T. Rogers of Morris, IL; Specialist Four Randal E. Rosengren of Ottawa, IL; Sergeant Eric W. Sampson of Morris, IL; and Airman Third Class Timothy K. Stratton of Poplar Grove, IL. Again, I am truly honored to be able to rec-ognize these distinguished veterans from my district. I thank and acknowledge not only their service and sacrifice but also that of their fam-ilies and loved ones. The recipients of this commendation serve as the embodiment of both military and civil service, and it is my hope they will inspire the next generation of great American leaders. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN TODD FLAN-NERY’S TWENTY-EIGHT YEARS OF SERVICE TO HIS COUNTRY AND HIS HONORABLE RETIRE-MENT FROM THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Captain Todd Flannery on his retirement from the United States Navy after 28 years of faithful service to our country. An esteemed and respected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.009 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1070 July 27, 2017 
member of the U.S. Navy, Captain Flannery most recently served as the Director of the Navy’s U.S. House of Representatives Liaison Office. In this capacity, he oversaw and led countless congressional and staff delegations to naval installations throughout the United States and the world. These trips helped members and their staffs achieve a greater understanding of the issues facing our Navy and its sailors from all over the world. CAPT Flannery’s distinguished career began at the United States Naval Academy where he earned a bachelor’s degree in polit-ical science. He would later go on to earn his ‘‘wings of gold’’ and qualify as a Naval Aviator in 1990. CAPT Flannery accumulated 2,770 flight hours in the SH–3H, SH–60F, HH–60H, MH–60S, and the MH–53E. He commanded the 2515th Naval Air Ambulance Detachment, Helicopter Antisubmarine Squadron FIFTEEN, Helicopter Mine Countermeasures Squadron FIFTEEN, and Helicopter Sea Combat Wing Atlantic. On shore duty, CAPT Flannery completed high-profile jobs within the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’s office, Flag Aide to the Director of Air Warfare, and as a community detailer at the Navy’s Personnel Command. CAPT Flannery’s awards and decorations include the Legion of Merit, Defense Meri-torious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Air Medal (with individual action), Joint Service Commendation Medal, Navy Marine Corps Commendation Medal (five awards in-cluding one Combat Distinguishing Device), Army Commendation Medal and other per-sonal, campaign, and service ribbons. As CAPT Flannery embarks on a new chap-ter in life, it is my hope that he may recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplish-ment, the outstanding contributions he has made to the United States Navy. I would like to send him my best wishes for continued suc-cess in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUDGE DAMON J. KEITH FOR HIS PIO-NEERING LEGAL CAREER 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Judge Damon J. Keith for his out-standing legal career. For the past fifty years, Judge Keith has served the United States with distinction as a member of the federal judici-ary. Judge Keith began his career on the bench in 1967, when he was nominated by President Lyndon Johnson to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. Dur-ing his time with the Eastern District, Judge Keith distinguished himself as an ardent de-fender of the Constitution, prohibiting Presi-dent Nixon’s warrantless wiretapping initiatives and eventually being named Chief Judge of the District Court. As a result of his distin-guished service with the Court, President Car-ter nominated Judge Keith to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit in 1977, where he has served since his con-firmation. Throughout his career, Judge Keith’s decisions have played a critical role in shaping the legal landscape. He helped end the Bush administration’s practice of conducting post- 9/11 deportation hearings in secret and create a more just and equal society by helping to desegregate public schools and combat sys-temic racism. He has also inspired a new gen-eration of legal scholars who share his com-mitment to justice and the principles of the Constitution. Judge Keith has received widespread ac-claim for his service in the federal judiciary and his civil rights record. In 1997, he was the recipient of the Edward J. Devitt Distinguished Service to Justice Award, the highest honor available to the federal judiciary. He has also received the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP for outstanding achievement, as well as over 40 honorary degrees from institutes of higher education. Judge Keith was known for his commitment to equality for all during his time in public service, and his decisions continue to play a major role in shaping the nation’s legal discourse. His work has impacted countless lives, and I wish him well as he retires after an extraordinary and impactful career. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Judge Damon J. Keith for his groundbreaking legal career. He has provided exceptional service to our country throughout his career as a federal judge. f 
TRIBUTE TO ZANE HEHNKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Zane Hehnke of Winterset, Iowa, for receiving the 2017 National Federation of Independent Busi-ness Young Entrepreneur Award. Zane is the founder and owner of Inspired Finds, an interior design company that focuses on designing and creating accents using vin-tage and antique items. He understands the important role that small businesses and en-trepreneurs like him play in the United States economy. The innovation and determination Zane has displayed is a true testament to his entrepreneurial spirit. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent leaders like Zane in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today for receiving this esteemed designa-tion. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on receiving this award, and in wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. DOUGLAS HARBOUR 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Mr. Douglas Harbour for his service in the Marine Corps during the Vietnam War and for his work to create the Tri-State 9/11 Trib-ute Foundation. This organization was estab-lished to instill in our nation’s youth a sense of national pride by honoring those who have dedicated their lives to protecting all Ameri-cans. I believe that our nation’s men and women in uniform are America’s greatest as-sets. They have made incredible sacrifices for our country and deserve our utmost support and aid for their service. Mr. Harbour created The Tri-State 9/11 Trib-ute Foundation in 2012 to honor our nation’s First Responders and Military personnel both living and deceased. Since its founding, a me-morial project has been initiated and the an-nual Tri-State 9/11 Tribute event is held each fall to recognize exemplary public servants. Mr. Harbour is the organization’s sitting Presi-dent and donates his time to ensure these men and women receive the utmost admira-tion and gratitude for their service. It is the he-roic bravery and incredible sacrifices made by America’s First Responders and men and women in uniform that have helped secure the freedoms we as Americans hold dear. Our nation owes no greater debt of gratitude than the one we owe our First Responders and military men and women. They and their families should be commended. On behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and gratitude to Mr. Harbour for his creation of the Tri-State 9/11 Tribute Foundation to honor America’s great service men and women. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. Harbour for his accomplishments. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN CLEMENT BUDD 
HON. TED BUDD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a former aviator, war hero, and Huey helicopter pilot in Vietnam, John Clement Budd. He was my Uncle Jack. I remember his stories of the war—they were captivating. Growing up, I remember me and my brother putting on his old helmet and pretending we were flying. Later we didn’t have to pretend. My oldest brother and I became civilian pilots, and my middle brother flew for the Army and the Air Force. The Budd family are fliers, Mr. Speaker, and my uncle was part of starting that proud tradition. In 1965, he flew over the infamous Ia Drang Valley in Vietnam, known as the ‘‘Valley of Death,’’ where he medevaced soldiers wound-ed by enemy fire. He pulled an A–6 Avenger pilot out of the line of fire at Ia Drang, after three other helicopters had been shot down in the attempt. He used to say that it was the only time he had ever been kissed by a colo-nel. Jack was also an exceptional mind and tac-tician—the tactical doctrine he and his fellows developed in the skies over Vietnam was used in the Armed Forces until the 2003 invasion of Iraq. So Jack also left a lasting imprint on the way we fight wars. Mr. Speaker, many Americans were not even born when the Berlin Wall came down, and Eastern Europe was freed from the cold grip of international Communism. Even more were not alive to witness the crucible that Viet-nam was for our country. I am unbelievably proud that my uncle was there, on the front lines of that struggle. His courage there is among the millions of stories of service and sacrifice in the tapestry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.012 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1071 July 27, 2017 
of our victory over an evil ideology. His sac-rifice, and his legacy to our country will not be forgotten. I know his five children and nineteen grandchildren are as proud of him as I am. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER STAN RISEN 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chief Executive Officer Stan Risen, who just announced his retirement from Stanislaus County. Stan has been instrumental in leading Stanislaus County towards greater public ac-countability, re-engaging an organization-wide focus on the County’s vision and core values. Stanislaus County develops public programs that improve the lives of its residents through coordinated prevention efforts, which function across multiple sectors. These programs, how-ever, would not have been made possible without Stan’s unwavering commitment to the community. Stan Risen started his career as a youth pastor before entering governmental service. He began his career in Stanislaus County in 1987 when he became an appraiser in the As-sessor’s Office. In 1999, he joined the Chief Executive Office as a project manager for the development of an Information Technology Strategic Plan. In 2005, Stan became an As-sistant Executive Officer, and a few years later, was appointed to Chief Executive Offi-cer. Outside of the office, Stan enjoys many ac-tivities that include riding dirt bikes, performing home construction projects, and playing the guitar. He received his Bachelor of Arts from Bob Jones University and was formerly a Planning Commissioner and City Councilman for the City of Ceres. He lives a faith-based lifestyle as an active member of Crosspoint Community Church in Modesto. Furthermore, Stan and his wife, Cheryl, are celebrating 38 years of marriage. Together, they have four children and four grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending the outstanding contributions made to Stanislaus County by Chief Executive Officer Stan Risen as we wish him continued success in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING MR. JAMES KENYON ON HIS SELECTION TO THE NAFCU BOARD 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate James (Jim) Kenyon on his re-cent selection to the Board of Directors at the National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, NAFCU. Mr. Kenyon has been President and CEO of Whitefish Credit Union in Montana since 2009 and has over 25 years of credit union experi-ence. Whitefish Credit Union is the largest credit union in Montana. Chartered in 1934, it has over $1.4 billion in assets and 58,000 members. It is also a state-chartered credit union, which is significant, because Mr. Kenyon becomes the first state-chartered credit union executive to serve on the NAFCU Board, as the association just opened full membership to state-chartered credit unions last year. Mr. Kenyon has lived in Montana most of his life and is a graduate of the University of Montana with a Bachelor of Science in Busi-ness Management. Being a Montanan, he is an avid outdoorsman and enjoys fishing, hik-ing and mountain biking. Mr. Kenyon is also a strong advocate for community service, having served on the board of the Whitefish Community Foundation and as Co-Chairman for the North Valley Food Bank Fundraising Committee. I wish Mr. Kenyon the best of luck in his new role on the NAFCU Board and look for-ward to working with him in this capacity. I ask that my colleagues join me today in congratu-lating Jim Kenyon on this achievement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER SER-GEANT FIRST CLASS (SFC) JOHN-NY ROOSEVELT POLK 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class (SFC) Johnny Roosevelt Polk who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great nation on July 25, 2009, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SFC Polk died from wounds he sus-tained when his vehicle was struck by an anti- tank grenade on July 23 in Kirkuk, Iraq. SFC Polk was assigned to 3rd Battalion, 82nd Field Artillery Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division, Fort Hood, Texas. This was the third deployment of his 17-years spent in service. According to the Associated Press, SFC Polk, a Gulfport native, was described as a fine leader who knew how to bring out the best in others. SFC Polk attended Harrison Central High School where he was a member of the football team. He joined the U.S. Army in 1992. ‘‘He was keen as well as humble,’’ said Ser-geant (SGT) Thomas Lathrop, who served with SFC Polk. ‘‘He had a swagger about him that separated him from the rest and an insur-mountable vivacity that could never be ig-nored.’’ First Lieutenant (1LT) Jaciel Guerrero, who also served with SFC Polk, admired his lead-ership abilities. ‘‘Whenever anyone needed guidance, he was there,’’ said 1LT Guerrero. SFC Polk’s son, Xavier Jones, said his dad was a loving father, a volunteer firefighter, and one who would find time for fishing. ‘‘He dis-appeared for days at a time and go fishing,’’ Xavier said. ‘‘He would come home with fish and put them in a tank, a regular fish tank.’’ SFC Polk was awarded the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star medals. According to the Memorial Network Partner Provider, a memorial service was held on Au-gust 15, 2009, at the Little Rock Missionary Baptist Church. SFC Polk was laid to rest at the Biloxi National Cemetery. SFC Polk is survived by his wife, Wanonia Janise; five children, Antoine Azeheart, Mary Gardner, De’Andra Jones, Zavier Jones, Alvin Jones; and siblings, Walter Polk, Artha Polk, and Mary Polk. SFC Polk paid the ultimate sacrifice for the freedoms we all enjoy. His devotion to our na-tion will not be forgotten. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on July 25, 2017 I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on No. 410, 411, 412, and 413. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE JFK MEDICAL CENTER 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to extend heartfelt congratulations to the JFK Medical Center in Edison, New Jersey, as it celebrates 50 years of industry-leading inno-vation, research and high-quality patient care. In 1961, Edison Mayor Anthony Yelencsics launched an effort to establish a hospital that would provide residents of Edison, Metuchen, and Woodbridge with high quality, accessible care—as well as good, local jobs. A year later, more than 200 women joined together to form the JFK Auxiliary, which was charged with aiding fundraising for the project through activities like luncheons, fashion shows, and card parties. Within six years, the $5.6 million needed for the project was raised through large gifts from local businesses, civic and social organizations, and tireless efforts by the JFK Auxiliary and other township resi-dents soliciting donations door-to-door. Nota-bly, Edison Township ensured the project’s success by pledging $100,000 and donating the 37-acre property where the hospital re-sides today. JFK Medical Center opened its doors to the community on August 7, 1967 with 206 beds and 450 dedicated employees, including com-passionate nurses, technicians, and adminis-trators. From the beginning, JFK established itself as an industry innovation leader, using new computerization for patient records, pri-vate and semi-private rooms, a meditation room, and visitor rooms on every floor. Over the next 50 years, JFK Medical Center evolved into one of Central New Jersey’s most trusted hospitals, receiving nationwide recogni-tion for its innovation, world-renowned re-search, and industry-leading quality of care. JFK’s emergency department, the largest in the state, has been awarded the Outstanding Private EMS Agency Award by the New Jer-sey Department of Health. The JFK Johnson Rehabilitation Institute has been named a ‘‘Top Hospital’’ by U.S. News & World Re-port—an award bestowed upon only 148 hos-pitals out of nearly 4,800 across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.006 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1072 July 27, 2017 
In 2016, JFK’s oncology program was award-ed the Outstanding Achievement Award by the American College of Surgeons. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the residents of New Jersey’s Sixth Congressional District and the state of New Jersey, I recognize JFK Med-ical Center and its dedicated staff for 50 years of exemplary service, cutting-edge innovation, and industry-leading quality of care. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF JUDGE FRED A. STINE 
HON. THOMAS MASSIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the retirement of Judge Fred A. Stine, the Chief Circuit Court Judge of the 17th Judicial Circuit in Campbell County, Ken-tucky. Judge Stine graduated from the University of Cincinnati in 1973, and received his J.D. from the Salmon P. Chase College of Law at Northern Kentucky University in 1978. He then worked in private practice for two years, until his appointment as the Assistant United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky. He served as an AUSA until October of 2004, when he was appointed to the Circuit Court. Judge Stine has honorably served the Com-monwealth as Circuit Court Judge since 2005. His many awards and recognitions include a Distinguished Service Recognition from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a ‘‘Spe-cial Recognition for Victims’ Rights’’ from the U.S. Department of Justice, the ‘‘U.S. Depart-ment of Justice Commendation’’ from the Law Enforcement Coordinating Committee, a ‘‘Life-time Achievement Award’’ from the National Black Law Students Association at the Salmon P. Chase College of Law at Northern Ken-tucky University, and an award for ‘‘Out-standing Contributions to KY Law-Related Education’’ from the Kentucky Court of Jus-tice. Throughout his career, and despite his busy case docket, Judge Stine selflessly gave of his time to serve his community. For example, he served as a volunteer judge for the Northern Kentucky Teen Court, and for the Newport Central Catholic, Highlands High School, and Dixie Heights High School mock trial teams. He was also an active member of the Ken-tucky Bar Association and the Alumni Associa-tion Board of Governors of the Salmon P. Chase College of Law. Judge Stine is a true public servant who has served his state and nation well. On behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and all the citizens of the Fourth District, I am honored to wish Judge Stine the very best on his retire-ment. From all of us, we thank him. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AVDHOOT BABA SHIVANDJI 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Avdhoot Baba Shivandji, a man who has dedicated his life to enriching the lives of others through sacred ancient Indian healing rituals. Also known as Babaji, he has deeply inspired many through his deep belief that each person comes into this world with vast potential. Through the innovative ancient integrative process of Shiv Yog Cosmic Medi-cine and Shiv Yog Cosmic Farming, individ-uals learn how to access their vast spiritual potential to create their own destinies. He has shared this knowledge through media and live conferences to millions of citizens from both our country and the world. In addition to edu-cating others on his Indian healing practices, Shivandji teaches English on Indian television. Avdhoot Baba Shivandji is truly a selfless per-son, always looking to help others, and for that I commend him. f 
RECOGNIZING ANDREW CONNERY’S SERVICE TO THE NEW DEMO-CRAT COALITION 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Andrew Connery for his many contribu-tions to the New Democrat Coalition. Next month, Andrew will be leaving the New Demo-crat Coalition to attend law school. The New Democrat Coalition, which I have the honor to Chair, is made up of 61 forward- thinking Democrats in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives who are committed to pro-eco-nomic growth, pro-innovation, and fiscally re-sponsible policies. New Democrats are a solu-tions oriented coalition seeking to bridge the gap between left and right by challenging out-moded partisan approaches to governing. Andrew joined the New Dem staff as the Policy & Member Services Aide in February 2015. Prior to joining the New Dew staff, An-drew was a legislative assistant for former New Democrat Coalition Member Rep. Joe Garcia of Florida. In recognition for his hard work, he was promoted to Senior Policy Advi-sor in January 2016 and Policy Director in June 2017. Originally serving former New Democrat Co-alition Chair Ron Kind, Andrew has been a trusted advisor to me and many Members of the Coalition. Over his tenure, the New Demo-crat Coalition has been active on many issues of national importance that have benefitted di-rectly from Andrew’s policy knowledge and ex-pertise. These include working on the develop-ment of the American Prosperity Agenda, building support for President Obama’s trade agenda, developing a tough and smart na-tional security agenda, advocating for a bipar-tisan deal on tax reform and infrastructure, helping craft a path forward on fixing the Af-fordable Care Act, and working on several other policy issues through the New Democrat Coalition’s task forces. Andrew also served as a key advisor for New Dem Members and their staffs working with them to develop indi-vidual policy priorities, counseling on floor votes, and advising on other matters. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Members of the New Democrat Coalition, I thank Andrew. CONGRATULATIONS TO MR. KENNETH JOHNSTON HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Kenneth Johnston for his years of service in the United States Army. Mr. Johnston, a native of southwest Mis-souri, was born in 1925. He was only 19 years-old when he began his service in the military. His dedication led him to become a highly-decorated soldier over the years due to his bravery and selfless commitment to de-fending the lives of others. Mr. Johnston fought bravely in the Battle of the Bulge and on various other fronts. In addi-tion to this, Mr. Johnston was the second man to go through the gates of Dachau as allied forces liberated the Jewish people from the brutality of the Nazi camp. His gallantry led him to be awarded the Bronze Star for his service. In addition to this he earned a variety of other medals and served in three different countries in Europe. I am honored to recognize Mr. Johnston’s service to the U.S. military over the years and his astonishing achievements. On behalf of Missouri’s 7th Congressional District, I ask all my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Johnston on his many years of service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. RONNIE GATHERS 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Ronnie Gathers who recently announced his intention to retire as Director of Prince Georges County (Maryland) Parks and Recreation Department after thirty years of outstanding service. A native of my hometown of Sumter County, South Carolina, Ronnie Gathers graduated from my alma mater South Carolina State Uni-versity with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physical Education and Recreation. In addition to serving as Director with great distinction, he also developed and provided oversight of Prince Georges County Parks and Recreation Foundation. Mr. Ronnie Gathers has provided tremen-dous leadership in direct operations for four-teen divisions comprised of Park Police, Park Planning, Capital Development, Management Services, Special Projects, Information Tech-nology, Northern, Central and Southern Area Recreational Services and Maintenance, Spe-cial Needs Programs, Arts, Cultural Heritage, Natural and Historical Resource Management, Sports Management and Trades Maintenance Division. He has worked collaboratively with communities and elected officials to establish policy, provide public safety, acquire land, plan programs, develop facilities, amenities and de-liver quality services. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Gathers has done our shared home town and alma mater proud, and I ask that you and my colleagues join me in wishing him Godspeed on the occasion of his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.011 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1073 July 27, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I was absent during roll call votes No. 416 through No. 425 due to my spouse’s health situation in Cali-fornia. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Perry Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Griffith Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Takano Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the King (IA) Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Castor Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Norcross Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Esty Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Garamendi Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Pingree Amend-ment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Jackson Lee Amendment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DAVID DAUGHERTY ON HIS RETIRE-MENT AS GOSHEN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRESIDENT 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate David Daugherty on his retire-ment as President of the Goshen Chamber of Commerce and to thank him for his 14 years of serving northern Indiana Hoosiers. As Chamber president, David was com-mitted to fostering opportunities that advanced our growing workforce, supported existing businesses, attracted new ones, and united our community under a common vision for a brighter future. I am grateful for the out-standing leadership and insight David brought to the Chamber. In tackling important issues like redevelopment, our community saw Da-vid’s keen ability to build valuable relationships among community members and strong part-nerships with education and government lead-ers. David’s work at the Chamber was guided by the values of integrity, respect, collaboration, and the belief that thriving businesses build stronger communities. A forward thinker, David has consistently led efforts that aim to improve the quality of life for Hoosiers, their families, and our local businesses. In doing so he encouraged greater inclusion and em-powerment through the Chamber’s efforts to work ‘‘Together, Growing Goshen.’’ Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict I want to thank David for all he has done to make Goshen a wonderful place to live and work. His impact on the community is sure to last far into the future, and I have no doubt the Chamber will continue to honor David’s legacy by working to strengthen our business com-munity and welcome growth and innovation. IN HONOR OF CHERYL NIMMO HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Cheryl Nimmo, CRNA, DNP, MSHSA. Ms. Nimmo will soon complete her year as national president of the American As-sociation of Nurse Anesthetists (AANA). It is an incredible honor that Ms. Nimmo was elect-ed as the 2016–2017 president of this pres-tigious national organization. As a Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist (CRNA) for nearly 38 years, Ms. Nimmo has contributed greatly to the healthcare commu-nity in Rhode Island and nationwide. Ms. Nimmo is currently assistant professor and as-sistant program director for the nurse anes-thesia program at the University of New Eng-land, in Portland, Maine. Hospitals in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and Missouri have all benefited from Ms. Nimmo’s work as both staff and chief CRNA. In addition to serving as an airway skills and pediatric anesthesia instruc-tor, locum tenens CRNA, and clinical pre-ceptor, she has provided expertise in office- based orthopedics and coronary care. Ms. Nimmo has also modeled lifelong com-mitment to her professional education and de-velopment. She was awarded her nursing di-ploma from Newport Hospital School of Nurs-ing, in Newport, R.I.; her Bachelor of Science degree in Biology from Evangel University in Springfield, Mo.; her certificate in nurse anes-thesia from St. John’s School of Anesthesia at Missouri State University in Springfield; her Master’s Degree in Health Service Administra-tion from Salve Regina University in Newport, RI.; and her Doctorate of Nursing Practice from Northeastern University, in Boston. During her AANA Presidency, Ms. Nimmo has been a prominent advocate for patients and for the practice of nurse anesthesia. In addition to her service as AANA President, Ms. Nimmo has long been an active member of her state and national professional associa-tions. She has served in multiple capacities on various committees, boards of directors, and the AANA Foundation. I extend my sincere congratulations to Ms. Nimmo today on a job well done. Her service to the AANA and her patients and her commit-ment to high quality healthcare nationwide are commendable, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing her notable career and out-standing achievements. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT (SGT) TAUREAN TRAVANTI’ HARRIS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant (SGT) Taurean Travanti’ Harris who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great na-tion on August 2, 2007, during Operation En-during Freedom. SGT Harris died of wounds he received from an improvised explosive de-vice in Kala Gush, Afghanistan. SGT Harris was assigned to the 202nd Military Intelligence Battalion, 513th Military Intelligence Brigade, Fort Gordon, GA. SGT Harris, a Liberty native, attended Amite County High School. He served as a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (JROTC) cadet throughout high school. He graduated with honors in 2003. SGT Harris followed in the footsteps of his uncle, Frederick Wagner, and joined the U.S. Army. SGT Harris’ mother, Yolanda Wagner, said that her son was loved by all who knew him. ‘‘Taurean truly was a beautiful person,’’ Mrs. Wagner said. ‘‘He was the man every girl wanted to marry. Everybody loved him. He strived for excellence. He always wanted to better himself.’’ Mrs. Wagner said SGT Harris’ memorial service, held at the Jerusalem Baptist Church, was unforgettable. ‘‘I was so emotional,’’ Mrs. Wagner said. ‘‘It was an honor to see so many people come out to honor him and support us. It was amaz-ing.’’ According to the Associated Press, hun-dreds of family, friends, and military personnel came to the funeral. Mrs. Wagner says over 100 members of The Patriot Guard led the procession. During the service, Brigadier General (BG) Jeffrey Foley commended SGT Harris for his positive attitude. ‘‘He was able to bring joy to whatever we would do,’’ BG Foley said. ‘‘No matter what the task.’’ For his service, SGT Harris earned the Pur-ple Heart, the Bronze Star, and a Good Con-duct medal. Mrs. Wagner says SGT Harris was honored for his service during a ceremony held on the tenth anniversary of his death. A portion of Highway 48, close to the Jerusalem Commu-nity where he grew up, was named in his honor by Mississippi Department of Transpor-tation Commissioner Mike Tagert. SGT Harris is survived by his daughter, Tiana Marie Harris; his daughter’s mother, Joanie Poleder; his parents, Cecil Harris and Yolanda Wagner; his four brothers, Justin Davis, William Harris, Christian Harris, and Okoye Harris; and his sisters, Tara Cockerham and Bianca Sesson. f 
HONORING ROTAPLAST INTERNATIONAL 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rotaplast International’s 25th Anni-versary of enabling children across the world with cleft lips and palates to receive life- changing surgery. Founded in 1992 as part of the Rotary Club of San Francisco by its members Dr. Angelo Capozzi and Peter Lagarias, Rotaplast has since sponsored over 200 missions that have helped over 18,000 children worldwide. From the fast mission to La Serena in northern Chile, Rotaplast has been saving smiles and changing lives in 26 countries, including Chile, Columbia, Guatemala, Mexico, the Philippines, India, Ethiopia, and Tanzania. Rotaplast is able to do this tremendous work because of the thousands of medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.017 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1074 July 27, 2017 
professionals and Rotarians who volunteer countless hours of their time to this worthy en-deavor. Multi-disciplinary teams of medical professionals travel around the world to pro-vide free training to care for the children, in addition to the free reconstructive surgery. These volunteers help foster Rotaplast’s mis-sion of building goodwill among people from different countries, languages, cultures, and ways of life, and the education Rotaplast pro-vides its patients and their families will help improve lives long after Rotaplast leaves. Thanks to the support of Rotary Inter-national and the many Rotary Clubs and Dis-tricts around the world who have participated in this program, Rotaplast International’s work in my district and around the world has been exemplary. It is therefore fitting to honor and thank Rotaplast for 25 years of success in changing children’s lives and adhering to Ro-tary International’s motto of ‘‘doing good in the world.’’ I offer them my sincere congratulations and best wishes for many more years of serv-ice. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE STATE STREET ART FAIR’S 50TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the organizers and artists of the Ann Arbor State Street Art Fair. For 50 years, the Art Fair has showcased work from thou-sands of artists around the country and helped establish Ann Arbor as a center of art and cul-ture. Originally established in 1967, the State Street Art Fair hosts approximately 300 artists and their works each summer in Ann Arbor for four days by the campus of the University of Michigan. As one of the four independently juried art fairs that operate concurrently each summer as the Ann Arbor Art Fair, the State Street Art Fair is a key part of the city’s cul-tural scene and has helped establish the city as a nexus for artistic excellence. The State Street Art Fair and other Ann Arbor art fairs collectively attract around 400,000 visitors each year and serve as an exhibition of award-winning artists as well as the city at large. The State Street Art Fair’s rigorous screening process for prospective exhibitions by a jury of artistic professionals, as well as its high standards for entry, have resulted in a re-nowned art fair that helps draw outstanding artists and visitors to the Ann Arbor area. The work of the organizers and participants have helped make State Street Art Fair one of the nation’s premier showcases of artistic tal-ent. The fair continues to attract a vibrant community with expertise in traditional crafts of glass, painting and photography, as well as new innovative and contemporary mediums of expression. In addition to the merchant dis-plays, the State Street Art Fair also offers live entertainment, food from local vendors and outdoor shopping. These offerings continue to help attract hundreds of thousands of individ-uals each year while supporting the local com-munity, and it is my hope that the State Street Art Fair continues to build on its successful showings in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the organizers and participants of the State Street Art Fair on the 50th Anniver-sary of its establishment. The fair continues to attract outstanding artists and visitors from around the country. f 
BORDER WALL 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a few questions for my colleagues across the aisle—what can we do with 1.6 bil-lion dollars? How many highways and roads could we fix? How many Americans could we train for good paying jobs, for that amount of money? And didn’t the President promise that Ameri-cans wouldn’t have to pay for a wall? Now in one big bill that’s out of regular order we are being asked to waste 1.6 billion dollars on a wall that would be ineffective and offensive to our neighbors? In my district, we know that our border is our strength, not our weakness. San Diego and Tijuana are two regions, but we are one community. We have worked for years to create an effi-cient border that allows thousands of people to safely cross into our country every day; spending money in our stores, paying taxes that support our infrastructure, and bringing economic stability to our region. We cannot allow fear and uncertainty to iso-late us from the rest of the world, and building a wall along our expansive southern border would do just that. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BYRON-BETHANY IRRIGATION DISTRICT 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Byron-Bethany Irri-gation District for being awarded the Associa-tion of California Water Agencies’ 2017 Excel-lence in Water Leaders Award. Byron-Bethany Irrigation District serves cru-cial farming communities in California’s Cen-tral Valley including the city of Tracy, which is located in my district. The water they distribute allows their customers to cultivate successful farmland that both promotes a successful economy and feeds the world. This award is in recognition of BBID’s bold actions in defending the water rights of the farming communities within their area of serv-ice. In the face of the California drought, the State Water Resources Control Board issued curtailment orders for the local community that would drastically affect the crucial farmland that BBID serves. The District General Man-ager, Rick Gilmore, and the district’s seven member Board of Directors launched an effec-tive legal effort to protect the water rights of local farming communities. They argued that the state’s analysis of available water was in-accurate. The state’s dismissal of the case against BBID in 2016 was a victory for small farming districts, and cemented the water rights that serve as a foundation for BBID’s community. The Excellence in Water Leaders Award is presented annually by the Association of Cali-fornia Water Agencies to an individual or group that has made a visible contribution to California water. ACWA is a statewide asso-ciation of public agencies and their members are responsible for about 90% of water deliv-ered in California. ACWA’s recognition of Byron-Bethany Irrigation District’s impact on the water rights for small farming communities is an immense honor. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending the Byron-Bethany Irrigation Dis-trict for receiving this impressive award and for their exuberance and dedication to our local farming communities within California’s Central Valley. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-er, on Monday I accompanied President Don-ald J. Trump to his speech at the 2017 Na-tional Boy Scout Jamboree and thus missed votes Monday night. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 408, and YEA on Roll Call No. 409. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT TO BAN PRESIDENTS FROM PAR-DONING THEMSELVES 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I joined as an original cosponsor of the Constitutional Amendment of A
LGREEN of Texas. That Amendment states that a President may not pardon him or herself for violations of United States law. I believe that the Amendment is likely un-necessary. I believe that the Supreme Court, in construing the existing Constitution, would reach the conclusion that the President’s power to pardon does not include the power to pardon the President. However it is always useful to provide a clarification of a meaning of a statute, or even a Constitutional provision, whenever any doubt its meaning or construction. I doubt that the amendment could be adopt-ed and ratified with sufficient speed to prevent the current President from pardoning himself. I believe the adoption of the amendment could still be useful in providing a clarification should this issue arise in future presidencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.021 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1075 July 27, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on July 26, 2017 I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on No. 414 and 415. 
f 
HONORING MOZELLE REYNOLDS DOBYNS 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the life of Mozelle Reynolds Dobyns, who passed away on June 29, 2017 at the age of 102. Mozelle and her late husband Garner were always wonderful people, and they were always giving people. Mozelle loved Republican politics, but she loved her God more. Mozelle was born in a Roanoke County farmhouse in 1915, in a farmhouse without electricity or running water. In an early sign of her tenacity, Mozelle proved wrong the doc-tors that had told her parents she would not live more than a few days. She attended An-drew Lewis High School in Salem and contrib-uted to the war effort in World War II as a worker at Radford Arsenal. She then worked at Burlington Hosiery Mill until it closed in 1963. Mozelle put her faith first. It guided how she lived and how she cared for others. She at-tended Ft. Lewis Christian Church in her early years, spent 65 years at Melrose Christian Church, and in 2014 returned to Ft. Lewis. While at Melrose, she served as the first fe-male Elder, as Elder Emeritus, and as Chair-man of the Board. She taught Sunday School for decades and worked along with Garner as a counselor for Christian Endeavor, a non-denominational youth group. Generations of young people benefited from her guidance. Mozelle was not expected to live long at birth, but she kept going until near the end of her life. Even at 95 years of age, she still bought groceries for a neighbor. She drove until she was 96, and mowed her own lawn until she was 98. Mozelle lived her life well, and many are better for it. I will miss this good woman, but as her many ‘‘children’’ from her Sunday school classes and youth groups will tell you, she always knew her Lord, Jesus Christ. 
f 
HONORING CERES FIRE CHIEF BRYAN NICHOLES 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Ceres Fire Chief Bryan Nicholes, who just announced his retire-ment after 45 years in the fire service industry; 32 of which was spent with the Ceres Fire De-partment. In 1972, Bryan began his lifelong career as an explorer scout with the Burbank-Paradise fire district. In 1984, he moved to Ceres, Cali-fornia to take on the only paid firefighter posi-tion within the department during this time. Chief Nicholes then returned to Burbank-Para-dise as Fire Chief in 1987. After two years, he came back to Ceres as Fire Marshall. Chief Nicholes has combined his profes-sional experience with years of higher edu-cation in the fire industry. He obtained his As-sociates of Science degree in Electronics Technology and Fire Science from Modesto Junior College and a Bachelor of Arts in Busi-ness Administration from Saint Mary’s College, as well as many other State and Federal cer-tifications. Community has always been a priority for Bryan and his wife, Becki. He has been in-volved in the Ceres Rotary Club, Ceres Lions Club, and was instrumental in coordinating the ‘‘Love Ceres’’ event for six years. Additionally, he and his family have chosen a life of faith serving God and attending New Life Christian Church. In 2011, Bryan was or-dained as a minister and has traveled on mul-tiple mission trips to spread the word of God. They also volunteer to host a small group of married couples and Bryan leads a Men’s Fel-lowship Group. They have one son, Colby, and Bryan is looking forward to spending more time with his family after retirement. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending the outstanding contributions made to fire service in the City of Ceres by Chief Bryan Nicholes and hereby wish him continued success in his future endeavors. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BILLY MANES 
HON. STEPHANIE N. MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise to honor the life and legacy of Billy Manes. Billy passed away last week, far too soon, at the age of 45. He is survived by his husband, Anthony, and an entire community that admired him. With Billy’s passing, Orlando lost an icon, and our nation lost a committed, passionate, and fierce advocate for equality. In Billy’s short time with us, he made an in-delible impact on our city and our country. He was a prominent Orlando journalist and com-mentator, and the power of his words moved and amused central Florida. Billy broke bar-riers, becoming the first openly gay mayoral candidate in Orlando’s history. After the tragic loss of his partner in 2012, Billy bravely told his story to the world, putting a human face on the pressing need for equal rights for same- sex couples. Last year, when our Orlando family was reeling from the Pulse nightclub shooting, Billy gave voice to our city’s grief. He relentlessly focused on the 49 beautiful lives we lost that night. Like them, Billy will never be forgotten. If you ever had the privilege and the pleas-ure of meeting Billy, you couldn’t escape his energy, his passion, and his endearing sense of humor. Mr. Speaker, it is critical this hallowed chamber carry on the work that Billy so val-iantly championed. Though we have so much progress to celebrate, too many of the inequi-ties that Billy’s work spotlighted remain. May his memory inspire us to redouble our commitment to equality. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. JOHN VASSALL, M.D. 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dr. John Vassall II for his exem-plary work in our community. For over thirty years, Dr. Vassall has made the greater Puget Sound Region a healthier and more equitable place. Dr. Vassall has made many valuable con-tributions to Washington state’s medical com-munity. In 1978, he received his medical de-gree from the University of Washington. He then completed two competitive residency pro-grams at Grady Memorial Hospital and Emory University Affiliated Hospitals. After his residencies, Dr. Vassall returned to the Puget Sound region in 1983, when he accepted an offer at Swedish Medical Center, where he has remained for 34 years. As Chief Medical Officer, he has been a key player on an out-standing medical team. In 2006, the Wash-ington chapter of the American College of Physicians named Dr. Vassal]. the Internist of the Year. Dr. Vassall’s contributions to our community have not been limited to his professional work at the hospital. For 15 years, Dr. Vassall served as the vice-speaker and speaker of the House of Delegates for the Washington State Medical Association. He is a trustee at Seattle University and for the American Hospital Asso-ciation, as well as a board member at the Washington State Hospital Association and the Washington State Medical Association. Through these roles, Dr. Vassall has shaped the future of medicine and has advanced qual-ity care in Washington state. His long record of advocacy earned him the Alumni Service Award from his alma mater in 2008. Dr. Vassall’s contributions to Washington’s health care industry cannot be overstated. It is because of physicians like Dr. Vassall that the Greater Puget Sound Region is now a global center for health care innovation and education. Again, I would like to thank Dr. Vassall for his contributions to Washington’s 9th District, and I look forward to working with him in the future as we work for a healthier world. 
f 
ROLL CALL 410, 411, 412, 413 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, on July 25, 2017, I missed four recorded votes on the House floor due to family commitments. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 410, YEA on Roll Call 411, YEA on Roll Call 412, and YEA on Roll Call 413. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.027 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1076 July 27, 2017 
A BILL TO REAUTHORIZE THE SOUTHEAST CRESCENT RE-GIONAL COMMISSION 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing a bill to reauthorize the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission. While this bill will reauthorize the Northern Border Regional Commission, the Southwest Border Regional Commission, and the South-east Crescent Regional Commission, I will focus my remarks on the need for a commis-sion that covers parts of my district—the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission. The Southeast Crescent Regional Commis-sion encompasses most of the counties of Vir-ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Mis-sissippi, Alabama, Florida, and parts of my district in Georgia. This area is home to millions of rural and impoverished Americans still reeling from dec-ades of job displacement and a lack of invest-ment. Families in Georgia and all across the South need the help of this Congress as well as the Trump Administration to break out of the unac-ceptable cycle of poverty and unemployment. Although the Commission was first author-ized by Congress in 2008, a federal co-chair has never been appointed and thus, has not yet had a chance to make a difference. In ad-dition to the introduction of this legislation, I will be calling on President Trump to appoint a federal co-chair so that the full potential of this program can be realized to put the South-east Crescent region on the road to recovery. Working with the states and localities, the Commission can assist in leveraging public, private and philanthropic resources to improve the overall economy and infrastructure of the region to encourage private investment and promote growth in distressed areas. We have seen the success achieved through targeted investments by other regional economic devel-opment agencies, it is now time for the South-east Crescent region have the same oppor-tunity. The Commission can help develop the com-munity’s economic competitiveness and lever-age private investment to help improve infra-structure and public transportation, so that workers aren’t stuck in endless gridlock and can get to and from work seamlessly. It can help provide job skills training and entrepre-neurial development, ensuring that the jobs that are available can be filled by competent workers. We have an historic opportunity to help cre-ate good jobs and develop an historically dis-advantaged region. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this measure and finally giving a region that has suffered from historic disadvantages the chance to thrive and succeed. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF LENNIE STEVEN CHEUNG 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Lennie Ste-ven Cheung—a devoted husband, loving fa-ther, wonderful grandfather, and great-grand-father—who passed away on July 16, 2017. He was 93 years old. Mr. Cheung was also a scholar, a visionary, an inventor, and engi-neer. Mr. Cheung was born on April 1, 1924 in Tainan, Taiwan, youngest son of Mr. Ding-Chi Chang and Mrs. Po Chang-Su. During the Japanese era in Taiwan, he was educated in the Japanese education system. He scored the highest mark in the history of the General Civil Examinations when he was just 18 years old. Later he studied law and worked in the Tainan state office. After 1949, due to the change in government in Taiwan, the law he studied became invalid. He went abroad and studied engineering in Japan as he predicted that electronics and technology would become an important part of our society. In 1970, a U.S. electronics company, Trans-world Electronics, hired him and the family moved to Hong Kong. In the 1980’s, he start-ed his business, Winner Electronics Company Limited, and set up an electronic factory to manufacture exclusively for Sony. During his career as an electronics engineer, he was an active member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and was award-ed several patents. During his visit to the United States in 1982, he fell in love with the spirit and people he met. The following year, he set up a branch office in Los Angeles, California. Ten years later, in 1993, he, his wife (Mrs. Helen Cheung), and their youngest daughter (Mrs. Josephine Gow) were naturalized as U.S. Citi-zens and called America their home country. Mr. Cheung lived in Taiwan, Japan, Hong Kong, and the United States for many years. He was fluent in Taiwanese, Mandarin, Can-tonese, Japanese, and English. Mr. Cheung was a man of many talents and interests. He was a great scholar and had the nick name ‘‘the living encyclopedia’’ from his friends and family. He was a great mentor and advisor to his friends and family. During his free time, he enjoyed reading, listening to music, attending magic shows, and watching detective and action movies. He also had a green thumb, and enjoyed gardening and golf-ing. Mr. Cheung was loved and respected by all and he will be greatly missed. He is survived by his wife, Mrs. Helen Cheung, five children (Roger, Simon, Shen-Long, Alice, and Jose-phine), ten grandchildren, and eight great- grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.033 E27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
D849 Thursday, July 27, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 3364, Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4349–S4608 Measures Introduced: Thirty-one bills and three resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1641–1671, and S. Res. 234–236.
           Pages S4425–26 
Measures Reported: S. 1648, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. (S. Rept. No. 115–137) S. 1655, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. (S. Rept. No. 115–138) S. 1662, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. (S. Rept. No. 115–139) S. Con. Res. 15, expressing support for the des-ignation of October 28, 2017, as ‘‘Honoring the Na-tion’s First Responders Day’’, with an amendment. 
                                                                                            Page S4421 
Measures Passed: Wounded Officers Recovery Act: Committee on Rules and Administration was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3298, to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to em-ployees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S4361–62 
Flake Amendment No. 409, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S4362 
Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act: By 98 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. 175), Senate passed H.R. 3364, to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Govern-ments of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea.                                                                      Pages S4387–89 
Measures Considered: American Health Care Act: Senate continued con-sideration of H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed there-to:
                                 Pages S4349–61, S4362–87, S4389–S4415 
Adopted: By 52 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 177), Enzi (for Heller) Amendment No. 502 (to Amendment No. 267), to strike the sunset of the repeal of the tax on employee health insurance premiums and health plan benefits.
                                                                  Pages S4389–99 
Rejected: By a unanimous vote of 57 nays, 43 responding present (Vote No. 173), McConnell (for Daines) Modified Amendment No. 340 (to Amendment No. 267), to provide for comprehensive health insurance coverage for all United States residents, improved healthcare delivery.
                                           Pages S4350–70 
By 43 yeas to 57 nays (Vote No. 176), Schumer motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance, with instructions.
                                Pages S4398–99 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 178), Murray motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with in-structions.
                                                              Pages S4400–15 
By 49 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 179), McConnell Amendment No. 667 (to Amendment No. 267), in the nature of a substitute.
                       Pages S4399–S4415 
Pending: McConnell Amendment No. 267, of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S4350 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 174), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD850 July 27, 2017 
to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of ap-plicable budget resolutions, with respect to Enzi (for Strange) Amendment No. 389 (to Amendment No. 267), to provide for premium assistance for low-in-come individuals. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                                    Pages S4370–87 
Subsequently, H.R. 1628 was returned to the Sen-ate Calendar.
                                                                Page S4415 
Newsom Nomination—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Kevin Chris-topher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.
         Page S4416 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S4416 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, July 31, 2017.
                                  Page S4416 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, July 31, 2017.
                                                                                Page S4606 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion for a term of seven years from October 27, 2018. Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. C.J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be Deputy United States Trade Representative (Investment, Services, Labor, Environment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambassador. John R. Bass, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambas-sador at Large for International Religious Freedom. Michael James Dodman, of New York, to be Am-bassador to the Islamic Republic of Mauritania. J. Steven Dowd, of Florida, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank for a term of five years. Peter Hoekstra, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Daniel J. Kritenbrink, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Justin Hicks Siberell, of Maryland, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Bahrain. Michele Jeanne Sison, of Maryland, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Haiti. Halsey B. Frank, of Maine, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maine for the term of four years. Jeffrey B. Jensen, of Maryland, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri for the term of four years. Mark A. Klaassen, of Wyoming, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming for the term of four years. Byung J. Pak, of Georgia, to be United States At-torney for the Northern District of Georgia for the term of four years. Brian D. Schroder, of Alaska, to be United States Attorney for the District of Alaska for the term of four years. D. Michael Hurst, Jr., of Mississippi, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi for the term of four years. William C. Lamar, of Mississippi, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mis-sissippi for the term of four years. Routine lists in the Army.                      Pages S4606–08 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4420 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S4420–21 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S4421–25 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4431–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                Pages S4426–31, S4433–34 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4419–20 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S4434–S4606 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4606 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4606 
Record Votes: Seven record votes were taken today. (Total—179) 
                        Pages S4370, S4386–87, S4389, S4398–99, S4415 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 27, 2017 and adjourned at 1:56 a.m. on Friday, July 28, 2017, until 4 p.m. on Monday, July 31, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4606.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D851 July 27, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of Rostin Behnam, of New Jersey, Brian D. Quintenz, of Ohio, and Dawn DeBerry Stump, of Texas, each to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, after the nominees tes-tified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 1662) entitled, ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2018’’; An original bill (S. 1655) entitled, ‘‘Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’; and An original bill (S. 1648) entitled, ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018’’. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer, Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Sec-retary for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Lucian Niemeyer, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force, all of the De-partment of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Counsel, and Anna Maria Farias, of Texas, and Neal J. Rackleff, of Texas, both to be an Assist-ant Secretary, all of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Richard Ashooh, of New Hampshire, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Eliza-beth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, both of the Department of Commerce, and Christopher Campbell, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, and Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Reappoint-ment), and to be Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem, after the nominees testified and answered ques-tions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: An original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2018’’, and The nominations of David Steele Bohigian, of Missouri, to be Executive Vice President, and Ray Washburne, of Texas, to be President, both of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, and Kay Bailey Hutchison, of Texas, to be United States Per-manent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, with the rank and sta-tus of Ambassador, Luis E. Arreaga, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guatemala, Na-than Alexander Sales, of Ohio, to be Coordinator for Counterterrorism, with the rank and status of Am-bassador at Large, George Edward Glass, of Oregon, to be Ambassador to the Portuguese Republic, Carl C. Risch, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (Consular Affairs), Sharon Day, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Krishna R. Urs, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Peru, Kelly Knight Craft, of Kentucky, to be Ambassador to Canada, Kelley Eckels Currie, of Georgia, to be Representative on the Economic and Social Council of the United Na-tions, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative to the Sessions of the Gen-eral Assembly of the United Nations, Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, Robert Wood Johnson IV, of New York, to be Ambassador to the United Kingdom of Great Brit-ain and Northern Ireland, and Lewis M. Eisenberg, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Italian Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of San Marino, all of the Department of State. ATTEMPTS TO INFLUENCE U.S. ELECTIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded over-sight hearings to examine the Foreign Agents Reg-istration Act and attempts to influence United States elections, focusing on lessons learned from current and prior Administrations, after receiving testimony from William Browder, Hermitage Capital Manage-ment, London, United Kingdom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD852 July 27, 2017 
BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to consider pending intelligence mat-ters. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 90 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3441–3524; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 114–115; H. Con. Res. 74; and H. Res. 479, 482–484, were introduced.
                          Pages H6514–17 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6520–21 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 480, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs (H. Rept. 115–262); and H. Res. 481, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3180) to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Sys-tem, and for other purposes; waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consider-ation of certain resolutions reported from the Com-mittee on Rules; and providing for proceedings dur-ing the period from July 31, 2017, through Sep-tember 4, 2017 (H. Rept. 115–263).
     Pages H6513–14 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Gaetz to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6469 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:08 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H6476 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. George Dillard, Peachtree Christian Church, Peachtree City, Georgia. 
                                                                                            Page H6476 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018: The House passed H.R. 3219, making appro-priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 192 nays, Roll No. 435. Consid-eration began yesterday, July 26th.
   Pages H6480–H6512 Rejected the Roybal-Allard motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 193 ayes to 234 noes, Roll No. 434.
      Pages H6510–11 
Agreed to: Granger en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261: Jackson Lee (No. 1) that allocates $2 million to provide the Secretary of Defense the flexibility needed for technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other coun-tries combating violence as a weapon of war, ter-rorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking; Bridenstine (No. 2) that increases Research, Develop-ment, Test and Evaluation, Air Force, by $5 million in order to continue funding for a commercial weather data pilot program; reduces Operation and Maintenance, Army, by the same amount; Lowenthal (No. 3) that increases the STARBASE fifth grade youth STEM education program found in Operations and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, Civil Military Pro-grams by $5 million, and to reduce Operations and Maintenance, Army, Other Servicewide Activities by the offsetting amount; Collins (NY) (No. 4) that in-creases Air Force RDT&E funding to support quali-fication testing for next generation strategically radi-ation hardened microelectronic processors by reduc-ing the Operation and Maintenance, Army account; Mast (No. 5) that increases Navy RTD&E funds for Cost-Effective Management of Environmental Regu-latory Requirements to FY17 appropriated level; Shea-Porter (No. 6) that provides Department of De-fense funding for a health impact study on perfluorinated chemicals, such as PFOA/PFOS, which were used by the military and have contami-nated drinking water sources on and near military bases across the country; Meehan (No. 7) that de-creases the Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide account and increases the Environmental Res-toration, Defense-Wide by $10 million to allocate funds for the Secretary of Defense to enter into inter-governmental agreements to provide health screenings in communities near formerly used de-fense sites that have been exposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D853 July 27, 2017 
perfluorooctanesuflonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid; Lance (No. 9) that allocates $100,000 in Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide for the pur-poses of creating a commendation program for mili-tary working dogs and their handlers; Napolitano (No. 11) that ensures that funding for the National Guard Youth Challenge Program and STARBASE is $194,897 million ($169,897 million for Youth Challenge and $25 million for STARBASE); Galla-gher (No. 14) that shifts $26.2M from defense-wide operation and maintenance to support MK–48 tor-pedo procurement; Hunter (No. 15) that increases funding for the Marine Corps Procurement by $20M, offset by a $20 million reduction to the O and M, Defense-Wide account to support installation of broadband Satellite communications tech for the Marine Corps MV–22s, under the NOTM–Airborne program; Rosen (No. 16) that increases funding for Army missile technology by $6,000,000, offset by an equal decrease in Defense-wide operations and main-tenance; Wilson (SC) (No. 17) that increases funding for the medical technology account within the De-partment of Defense; Shuster (No. 18) that provides $20 million to support Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) derived technology for undersea warfare, offset with commensurate funds from the Operation and Maintenance Account, Defense-Wide; Soto (No. 19) that increases funding for Gulf War illness research under the Defense Health Program by $1 million; Soto (No. 20) that increases funding for prostate cancer research under the Defense Health Program by $10 million; McGovern (No. 21) that increases funding for a program to award competi-tive grants to nonprofit organizations to assist such organizations in the planning, designing, estab-lishing, or operating of programs to provide service dogs to covered members and veterans; Nolan (No. 22) that provides an additional $2 million for the Department of Defense’s Lung Cancer Research Pro-gram and decreases the Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide account by the same amount; Delaney (No. 23) that provides for an additional $5 million for the Fisher House Foundation which is offset by an outlay neutral reduction in the Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide account; Knight (No. 24) that adds $16 million to Aircraft Procurement, Air Force account; Jackson Lee (No. 25) that reduces funding for Procurement, Defense-Wide, by $10 million and increases funding for Defense Health Programs by a similar amount in order to address breast cancer research; Cheney (No. 26) that Ensures the Secretary is able to use restoration funds for mis-sile defense requirements resulting from urgent or emergent operational needs; Paulsen (No. 28) that increases funding for Army Research, Development, Testing and Evaluation to assist the Army in quali-fying new medium caliber ammunition rounds; Emmer (No. 29) that allocates an increase of $5 mil-lion to Army RDT&E Environmental Quality and Technology for explosive Ordnance Disposal in co-operation with the Navy for the additional targeted research to demonstrate technology capable of both remotely defeating mines threatening our Naval forces, and remotely demilitarizing underwater mu-nitions without damaging critical habitat; Garamendi (No. 32) that provides $10 million for the purposes of carrying out a GPS backup tech-nology demonstration; Langevin (No. 33) that sup-ports the Missile Defense Agency’s R&D efforts for directed energy solutions for boost phase missile de-fense; Brown (MD) (No. 34) that seeks a funding in-crease of $4.135 million to Historically Black Col-leges and Universities/Minority Institutions with a corresponding decrease of the same amount to Ad-vanced Innovative Analysis and Concepts, in the Re-search, Development, Test & Eval, Defense-Wide section; Courtney (No. 36) that amends Section 8010 to provide multiyear authority for up to 13 Virginia class submarines; Palazzo (No. 37) that strikes the limitation on a DDG–51 multi-year pro-curement authority of ‘‘up to 10’’; Welch (No. 40) that prohibits funds from being used to procure ad-ditional uniforms for the Afghan National Army; Delaney (No. 44) that prohibits funds from being used for the closure of a BSL4 laboratory; Conyers (No. 46) that states none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion; Speier (No. 49) that increases the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program by $10 million; Jackson Lee (No. 50) that reduces funding for Operations and Mainte-nance-Defense Wide, by $6.25 million and increases funding for Defense Health Care for PTSD by $5 million; Langevin (No. 52) that supports the next phase of electromagnetic railgun development to bring the system closer to successful installation within the fleet; Nolan (No. 53) that provides an ad-ditional $6 million for the Army, Research, Devel-opment Test and Evaluation account to support the United States Army Tank Automotive Research, De-velopment and Engineering Center and decreases the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund by $12 million; and Raskin (No. 54) that increases funding for the Peer Reviewed Cancer Research Program by $10 million, offset by a $10 million decrease to Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide; 
                                                                                    Pages H6493–94 
Langevin amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that supports the reinvigoration of the DOD Cyber Scholarship Program;
     Page H6496 
Grothman amendment (No. 13 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that reduces the Operation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD854 July 27, 2017 
and Maintenance, Defense-wide account by $30 mil-lion and increase the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle ac-count by $30 million;
                                             Page H6499 
Dunn amendment (No. 31 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that reduces the Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Air Force account by $30 million and increases the Research, Develop-ment, Test and Evaluation, Air Force to accelerate deployment of Air Force Major Range Test Facility Base (MRTFB) open-air range capabilities in the Eastern Gulf;
                                                 Pages H6499–H6500 
DeSantis amendment (No. 47 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that prohibits funds from being used to purchase heavy water from Iran (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier request for a recorded vote to the end that the Chair put the question de novo);
                                             Pages H6505–07 
Suozzi amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that sought to increase Environ-mental Restoration, Navy funding by $34,734,000 and decreases Operations and Maintenance, Defense- Wide by $34,734,000 (by a recorded vote of 214 ayes to 211 noes, Roll No. 430); 
                                                                      Pages H6497–98, H6507 
Brendan F. Boyle (PA) amendment (No. 12 print-ed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that increases by $30 million each the Navy Environmental Restora-tion Account and the Air Force Environmental Res-toration Account for the purpose of remediating perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) drinking water con-tamination and outreach and engagement with local communities with impacted drinking water systems (by a recorded vote of 256 ayes to 169 noes, Roll No. 431); and
                                  Pages H6498–99, H6507–08 
Cartwright amendment (No. 43 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that prohibits the use of funds be used to plan for, begin, continue, complete, proc-ess, or approve a public-private competition to deter-mine whether Federal civilian jobs should be outsourced (by a recorded vote of 253 ayes to 172 noes, Roll No. 433).
                          Pages H6503–04, H6509 
Rejected: Blackburn amendment (No. 62 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was debated on July 26th that sought to provide for a one percent across the board cut to the discretionary spending levels in Division D of the bill (by a recorded vote of 140 ayes to 285 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 428); 
                                                                                    Pages H6491–92 
Perry amendment (No. 63 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was debated on July 26th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to implement or enforce the final rule published by the Secretary of Energy entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Proce-dures for Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps’’ (by a recorded vote of 177 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 429);                                                                       Page H6492 
Speier amendment (No. 35 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that sought to specify that $25 million appropriated for Defense Health Program re-search, development, test and evaluation may be used to award grants to medical researchers and uni-versities to support research into early detection of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE); 
                                                                                    Pages H6500–01 
Foster amendment (No. 42 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that sought to prohibit the use of funds to develop a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer;
                                                    Pages H6502–03 
Davidson amendment (No. 45 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that sought to prohibit use of funds with respect to military action in Yemen to the extent that such action is inconsistent with the War Powers Resolution; and
                       Pages H6504–05 
Nadler amendment (No. 38 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–261) that sought to strike sections 8094 and 8095 relating to the release or transfer of detainees currently held at Guantanamo Bay to se-cure facilities in the United States and allows for funding to construct, acquire, or modify domestic fa-cilities to host these relocated detainees (by a re-corded vote of 172 ayes to 252 noes, Roll No. 432). 
                                                                Pages H6501–02, H6508–09 
H. Res. 478, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 196 noes, Roll No. 427, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 426.
                                                                          Pages H6490–91 
Wounded Officers Recovery Act of 2017: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3298, to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make pay-ments from the United States Capitol Police Memo-rial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty inju-ries.
                                                                                   Page H6512 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:26 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:16 p.m.
                                                   Page H6513 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H6491. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and eight recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H6490–91, H6491–92, H6492, H6507, H6507–08, H6508–09, H6509, H6510–11, and H6511–12. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:18 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D855 July 27, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
CONTINUED OVERSIGHT OF THE TRANSFER OF EXCESS MILITARY EQUIPMENT TO CIVILIAN LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Oversight of the Transfer of Excess Military Equipment to Civil-ian Law Enforcement Agencies’’. Testimony was heard from Mike Cannon, Disposition Services, De-fense Logistics Agency; Wayne McElrath, Director, Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Zina Merritt, Director, Defense Capabilities and Management, Government Accountability Office; and Mike Scott, Deputy Di-rector, Logistics Operations, Defense Logistics Agen-cy. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 767, the ‘‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 772, the ‘‘Com-mon Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2017’’; H.R. 880, the ‘‘MISSION ZERO Act’’; H.R. 931, the ‘‘Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2422, the ‘‘Action for Dental Health Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3387, the ‘‘Drinking Water System Improve-ment Act’’; and H.R. 3388, the ‘‘Designating Each Car’s Automation Level Act’’. H.R. 767, H.R. 772, H.R. 880, H.R. 931, H.R. 2422, H.R. 3387, and H.R. 3388 were ordered reported, as amended. THE ANNUAL TESTIMONY OF THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY ON THE STATE OF THE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SYSTEM Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Testimony of the Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the Inter-national Financial System’’. Testimony was heard from Steven Mnuchin, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 259, expressing concern and con-demnation over the political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela; H. Res. 311, rec-ognizing that for 50 years the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) has worked toward sta-bility, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia; H.R. 2061, the ‘‘North Korean Human Rights Reauthor-ization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2408, the ‘‘Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act’’; H. Res. 128, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethi-opia; H. Res. 357, reaffirming the strategic partner-ship between the United States and Canada, recog-nizing bilateral cooperation that advances United States national interests, and urging increased bilat-eral cooperation on security, economic issues, and en-ergy, and for other purposes; H. Res. 359, urging the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and increase pres-sure on it and its members; H. Res. 449, urging the Government of Kenya and Kenya’s political parties to respect democratic principles and hold credible, peaceful, and transparent elections in August 2017; and H.R. 1918, the ‘‘Nicaraguan Investment Condi-tionality Act of 2017’’. H. Res. 128, H. Res. 259, H. Res. 311, H. Res. 357, H. Res. 359, H.R. 1918, and H.R. 2061 were ordered reported, as amended. H. Res. 449 and H.R. 2408 were ordered reported, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a markup on H. Res. 422, urg-ing adherence to the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Repub-lic of China on the Question of Hong Kong; H. Res. 445, honoring the life and legacy of Liu Xiaobo for his steadfast commitment to the protection of human rights, political freedoms, free markets, democratic elections, government accountability, and peaceful change in the People’s Republic of China; H.R. 2732, the ‘‘North Korea Travel Control Act’’; and H.R. 3320, to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain observer status for Tai-wan in the World Health Organization, and for other purposes. H. Res. 422 and H.R. 3320 were forwarded to the full Committee, without amend-ment. H. Res. 445 and H.R. 2732 were forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. U.S. INTERESTS IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC: FY 2018 BUDGET HEARING Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Inter-ests in the Asia-Pacific: FY 2018 Budget Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from Susan Thornton, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Department of State; and Gloria Steele, Act-ing Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Development. EMPLOYEE MISCONDUCT: HOW CAN FEMA IMPROVE THE INTEGRITY OF ITS WORKFORCE Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD856 July 27, 2017 
entitled ‘‘Employee Misconduct: How Can FEMA Improve the Integrity of its Workforce’’. Testimony was heard from David Grant, Acting Deputy Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, Department of Homeland Security; Chris P. Currie, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. THE NEED FOR THE BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Need for the Balanced Budget Amendment’’. Testimony was heard from Represent-atives Ratcliffe, Scott of Virginia, Buchanan, Stivers, Amash, Loudermilk, and Murphy of Florida; and public witnesses. ANTITRUST CONCERNS AND THE FDA APPROVAL PROCESS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Antitrust Concerns and the FDA Approval Process’’. Testimony was heard from Scott Gottlieb, M.D., Commissioner, Food and Drug Ad-ministration; Markus Meier, Acting Director, Bureau of Competition, Federal Trade Commission, and As-sistant Director, Health Care Division, Federal Trade Commission; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 1778, to provide that an order by the Secretary of the Interior imposing a moratorium on Federal coal leasing shall not take effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted, and for other purposes; H.R. 3117, the ‘‘Transparency and Honesty in Energy Regulations Act of 2017’’; and legislation to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Representatives Cheney, Jenkins of West Vir-ginia, and Emmer; and public witnesses. CHALLENGES TO THE FREEDOM OF SPEECH ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Health Care, Benefits, and Adminis-trative Rules; and Subcommittee on Intergovern-mental Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Chal-lenges to the Freedom of Speech on College Cam-puses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. COMBATTING HOMEGROWN TERRORISM Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Combatting Homegrown Terrorism’’. Testi-mony was heard from Kerry Sleeper, Assistant Direc-tor, Office of Partner Engagement, Federal Bureau of Investigation; George Selim, Director of Countering Violent Extremism, Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and public witnesses. INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018; DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BONUS TRANSPARENCY ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3180, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; and S. 114, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule for H.R. 3180. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted, and the bill as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported through the legislative day of August 1, 2017. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from July 31, 2017, through September 4, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be con-sidered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 4, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3. In section 5, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 3 of the resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for the purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Res-olution (50 U.S.C. 1546). In section 6, the rule pro-vides that each day during the period addressed by section 3 of the resolution shall not constitute a leg-islative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII (res-olutions of inquiry). Finally, section 7 of the rule provides that each day during the period addressed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D857 July 27, 2017 
by section 3 of the resolution shall not constitute a calendar or legislative day for the purposes of clause 7(c)(1) of rule XXII. (motions to instruct conferees). The Committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for S. 114. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in the Rules Committee report shall be con-sidered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Roe of Tennessee and Representatives Walz, Nunes, Schiff, Hill, and Khanna. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 437, of in-quiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the President’s possession; H.R. 1735, the ‘‘Community Empowerment for Mitigated Prop-erties Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3176, the ‘‘Disaster As-sistance Fairness and Accountability Act of 2017’’; H. Con. Res. 69, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olym-pics Law Enforcement Torch Run; and H.R. 1758, the ‘‘Brownfields Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. H. Res. 437 and H. Con. Res 69 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 1735, H.R. 3176, and H.R. 1758 were ordered reported, as amended. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 28, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD858 July 27, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, July 31 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Ala-bama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, July 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of S. 114—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 3180—Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E1069 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1070 Budd, Ted, N.C., E1070 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E1069 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1072 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1075 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1074 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E1068 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1071, E1074, E1075 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1070, E1074 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E1072 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1071 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1071, E1075 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1075 Heck, Denny, Wash., E1067 Himes, James A., Conn., E1072 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1073 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1067 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E1076 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1071, E1073 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1069 Langevin, James R., R.I., E1073 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1076 Long, Billy, Mo., E1072 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1068 Massie, Thomas, Ky., E1072 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va., E1074 Murphy, Stephanie M., Fla., E1075 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E1073 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1071 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1065 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1067 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E1074 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1068 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1075 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1073 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1066 Welch, Peter, Vt., E1065 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1065, E1069 Young, David, Iowa, E1070 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27JY7.REC D27JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST