Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Bartkowski who is retiring from the Sixteenth Street Community Health Centers on March 31, 2017. He retires as CEO and President at the organization after serving for nearly 30 years. Mr. Bartkowski has spent much of his career at the Sixteenth Street Community Health Centers making an extraordinary impact on the lives of the people they serve through both innovation and growth. When John started at Sixteenth Street they had one storefront location and now have 5 sites. Over the decades he has led the organization as a tireless advocate and provider of quality care for community health concerns to make a real difference in the lives of the people they serve. 84 percent of the individuals they serve are Hispanic/ Latino, 19 percent are uninsured and 65 percent are at 100 percent of the Federal Poverty Level or under. There is a huge need for quality bilingual services and Sixteenth Street Community Health Centers has met that need on all levels. While at the helm of Sixteenth Street Community Health Centers some of John’s most notable achievements in addition to expansion include: the creation of an Environmental Health Department to address lead poisoning and asthma issues, formation of HIV/AIDS outreach which was later expanded to a Department, addition of Behavioral Health Services, Accreditation by the Joint Commission and initiation of the Annual Celebrity Roast to raise funds for the clinic. While he could have been satisfied with maintaining a focus solely on the clinic, John Bartkowski sought to better the entire community. He applied for funding and worked with partners to improve blighted areas like the Menomonee Valley and brought bike trails and new businesses to the area. John truly believes in the concept that a society becomes more vibrant and productive when it is inclusive and he has walked that talk. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with John Bartkowski for many years on a myriad of health issues. I join with friends and colleagues to congratulate him as he transitions into a different phase of his life. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor John Bartkowski. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of his ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. I thank him for all that he has done and I am indeed honored for these reasons to pay tribute to John Bartkowski. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. GREG WALDEN 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, March 10, 2016, I was unable to be present and missed the recorded votes on roll call no. 157 and 158 regarding H.R. 720, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 157, and YEA on Roll Call No. 158. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the economic growth that Jackson County has experienced over the past year. The investment of new companies in the Ninth District of Georgia has brought hundreds of new jobs to our community, and it is my hope that this growth will continue for years to come. For many years, companies have made their home alongside Interstate 85 in the middle of Jackson County. The continued growth of ecommerce, in addition to the demand for expedited shipping by customers, has made it necessary for companies such as Amazon, WilliamsSonoma, and Whole Foods to acquire regional distribution centers. We are eager to welcome these companies, as well as many others, to northeast Georgia. In addition to the settlement of new companies in Jackson County, there have been multiple expansions that have been announced by already existing businesses and health centers. The continued growth of these companies shows that they have found a community in the Ninth District that is conducive to their businesses’ future. The number of companies that have decided to absorb industrial space in our district represents another notable step towards increased economic strength for our community. However, Jackson County is continuing to invest not only in the economic sector, but in the future of young men and women by creating a college and career academy. In fall of 2017, the county will submit a proposal for this academy, which has the potential to attract new industries to northeast Georgia, as well as to educate the young men and women of our community. Mr. Speaker, I applaud this holistic approach to community growth on the part of Jackson County. HONORING THE 45TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CAMILLUS ERIE CANAL PARK HON. JOHN KATKO 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 45th anniversary of the Camillus Erie Canal Park in my hometown of Camillus, New York. Established in 1972, the Camillus Erie Canal Park is part of the Erie Canalway National Heritage Corridor in Upstate New York. It is maintained and operated by an entirely volunteer group dedicated to preserving and restoring the historic Erie Canal in the Town of Camillus. The Camillus Erie Canal Park offers Central New Yorkers, tourists, and students from across New York State over 10 miles of historic walkways, boat rides along the Erie Canal, and museums showcasing the history of the canal. Critical to the preservation of this historic site, members of the Camillus Erie Canal Society and many hardworking volunteers in our community worked to restore the 1842 Nine Mile Creek Aqueduct at the Camillus Erie Canal Park. This is the only restored navigable aqueduct in New York State and is listed on the National Registry of Historic Sites. The Erie Canal stretches from Albany to Buffalo and has played a pivotal role in the socioeconomic development of New York State and our country. This corridor, which is celebrating its 200th anniversary this year, was recently designated a National Historical Landmark. I am proud to recognize the 45th anniversary of the Camillus Erie Canal Park, as well as the Camillus Erie Canal Society for the incredible work they do to preserve the cultural heritage of the Erie Canal in Central New York. 
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, March 14, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s RECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 15 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine assessing U.S. sanctions on Russia, focusing on the next steps. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine unmanned aircraft systems, focusing on innovation, integration, successes, and challenges. SD–106 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine innovative solutions to control invasive species and promote wildlife conservation. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 34, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, S. 317, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, S. 500, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism, S. 218, to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, S. 188, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government, H.R. 274, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Regulatory Accountability Act’’, and the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine visas, focusing on investigating K–1 fiance fraud. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold closed hearings to examine a ballistic missile defense program update. SVC–217 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine STEM education, focusing on preparing students for the careers of today and the future. SD–138 11 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine six years of war in Syria, focusing on the human toll. SD–419 1:30 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine the Modus Operandi and toolbox of Russia and other autocracies for undermining democracies throughout the world. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine GAO’s high risk list and the Veterans Health Administration. SR–418 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine all arms warfare in the 21st century. SR–232A MARCH 20 11 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. SH–216 MARCH 21 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine FDA user fee agreements, focusing on improving medical product innovation for patients. SD–430 MARCH 22 9 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations. SD–G50 MARCH 29 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine how small businesses confront and shape regulations. SR–428A 
MARCH 15 2:30 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine raising grandchildren in the opioid crisis and beyond. SD–562 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1753—S1782 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 607–615, and S.J. Res. 38.
Measures Reported: S. 327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, with amendments. S. 444, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company. S. 462, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Commission. S. 484, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States, with amendments. S. 488, to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans.
Measures Considered: Department of Labor Rule—Agreement: Senate began consideration of H.J. Res. 42, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants, after agreeing to the motion to proceed to consideration of the joint resolution. 
A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the joint resolution at approximately 2 p.m., on Tuesday, March 14, 2017.
Appointments: National Council on the Arts: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–83, the reappointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the National Council on the Arts: Senator Baldwin.                                                                                             Page S1781 
United States Holocaust Memorial Council: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 96–388, as amended by Public Law 97–84, and Public Law 106–292, reappointed the following Senators to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council: Senators Sanders and Franken.
President’s Export Council: The Chair, pursuant to Executive Order 12131, as amended and extended, appointed the following Senators to the President’s Export Council: Senators Klobuchar and Gillibrand.
Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, reappointed the following Senator to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Senator Warner.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki): The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to Public Law 94–304, as amended by Public Law 99–7, appointed the following Senators as members of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki) during the 115th Congress: Senators Cardin, Whitehouse, Udall, and Shaheen.
CongressionalExecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appointed the following Members to serve on the CongressionalExecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Senators Feinstein, Merkley, and Peters.
Coats Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence. 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, March 15, 2017.
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Session.
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
McMaster Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration the nomination of Herbert R. McMaster, Jr., to be Lieutenant General.
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence.
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Session.
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nomination: By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 86), Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Additional Statements: Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—86)                                                                   Page S1771 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and adjourned at 6:16 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, March 14, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1781.) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Committee announced following subcommittee assignments for the 115th Congress: Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Senators Inhofe (Chair), Capito, Boozman, Wicker, Fischer, Moran, Ernst, Sullivan, Shelby, Cardin, Sanders, Whitehouse, Merkley, Gillibrand, Markey, Duckworth, and Harris. Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety: Senators Capito (Chair), Inhofe, Boozman, Wicker, Fischer, Moran, Ernst, Shelby,Whitehouse, Cardin, Sanders, Merkley, Gillibrand, Markey, and Duckworth. Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife: Senators Boozman (Chair), Inhofe, Capito, Wicker, Fischer, Rounds, Sullivan, Shelby, Duckworth, Cardin, Whitehouse, Merkley, Gillibrand, Booker, and Markey. Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight: Senators Rounds (Chair), Moran, Ernst, Sullivan, Harris, Sanders, and Booker. Senators Barrasso and Carper serve as ex officio members of each subcommittee. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: Additional Cosponsors: Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Cheney to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Communication from the SergeantatArms: The House received a communication from Paul D. Irving, SergeantatArms, wherein he notified the House that the time previously appointed for the next meeting of the House was to be 12 noon on Tuesday, March 14, 2017. Pursuant to clause 12(c) of rule I, the SergeantatArms notified the House that an imminent impairment of the place of reconvening at that time is due to the weather. Subsequently, the Chair announced that the rescheduling of the time of meeting for the House at 12 noon on Monday, March 13, 2017 had been communicated to the Members.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and at 12:02 p.m. stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine information surrounding the Marines United website; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SR–222, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine continuing to improve truck safety on our nation’s highways, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hearings to examine opportunities to improve American energy infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1367, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physicians and other employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; H.R. 1259, the ‘‘VA Accountability First Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1181, the ‘‘Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 14 through March 17, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 2 p.m., Senate will continue consideration of H.J. Res. 42, Department of Labor Rule. During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: March 15, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine a ballistic missile defense program update, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. March 15, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine STEM education, focusing on preparing students for the careers of today and the future, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: March 14, to hold hearings to examine information surrounding the Marines United website; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SR–222, 10 a.m., SD–G50. March 15, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine all arms warfare in the 21st century, 3:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: March 14, to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program, 10 a.m., SD–538. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine assessing U.S. sanctions on Russia, focusing on the next steps, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 14, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine continuing to improve truck safety on our nation’s highways, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine unmanned aircraft systems, focusing on innovation, integration, successes, and challenges, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 14, to hold hearings to examine opportunities to improve American energy infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 15, to hold hearings to examine innovative solutions to control invasive species and promote wildlife conservation, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: March 14, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: March 15, to hold hearings to examine six years of war in Syria, focusing on the human toll, 11 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: March 15, business meeting to consider S. 34, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, S. 317, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, S. 500, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary 
Committee on Agriculture, March 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Agriculture and Tax Reform: Opportunities for Rural America’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. March 16, Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Agricultural Research’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. March 16, Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Forestry Initiatives’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, March 15, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Corporation for Public Broadcasting, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Investing in the Future—Early Childhood Education Programs at the Department of Health and Human Services’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. March 16, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on Department of Transportation and Department of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 15, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Crafting an Information Warfare and CounterPropaganda Strategy for the Emerging Security Environment’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of the U.S. Navy’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Review of Infrastructure Needs and Projects Ready for Immediate Implementation in the Nuclear Security Enterprise’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘The Effect of Sequestration and Continuing Resolutions on Army Modernization and Readiness’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, March 15, Full Committee, markup on reconciliation submissions, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 15, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Federal Student Aid to Better Meet the Needs of Students’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. March 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Honoring Our Commitment to Recover and Protect Missing and Exploited Children’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 15, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Energy Infrastructure: Challenges and Opportunities to Expanding Hydropower Generation’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. March 15, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Advanced Materials and Production’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Smart Communities’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Reinvestment and Rehabilitation of Our Nation’s Safe Drinking Water Delivery Systems’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Ethics, March 15, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 1:30 p.m., 1015 Longworth. Committee on Financial Services, March 16, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Sound Monetary Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Flood Insurance Reform: A Community Perspective’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, March 16, Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Tuesday, March 14 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consideration of H.J. Res. 42, Department of Labor Rule. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Subject to the call of the Chair 
HOUSE Collins, Doug, Ga., E319 Katko, John, N.Y., E319 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E319 Walden, Greg, Ore., E319 