Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the achievements of Marcella Barnes, the CEO and founder of Pink Hardhat Construction, LLC. Ms. Barnes, who was raised in New York, began her career immediately after she graduated from high school and went on to attend college in California. Once she moved to California, she had a dream to enlist in the military and make a difference in people’s lives. Upon enlisting, she was then stationed in Maryland, which is also where she opened her first business, Pink Hardhat Construction, LLC. However, once her construction business started to gain traction, Ms. Barnes also noticed a need for providing housing to homeless veterans. As a veteran herself, she recognized and understood the challenges that homeless veterans face in obtaining quality, affordable housing. Ms. Barnes decided to do something about it and opened another business, Our Pink Doors, LLC, which provides shelter for homeless veterans. On July 9, 2017, she held a ribboncutting ceremony for the grand opening of her first veterans’ home. Ms. Barnes is also a member of the National Congress of Black Women and the Maryland Minority Contractors Association. Therefore, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Marcella Barnes for her work. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, more than 10 years ago, following Hurricane Katrina, thenRep. Curt Weldon and I introduced the bipartisan Safe Communities Act. Today, with wildfires burning in my state and Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Jose´ravaging the Southeast, the ability to prepare for, withstand, and quickly recover from disasters is an essential component of livable communities. That’s why I am reintroducing the Safe Communities Act, which will give state and local governments the tools to help them plan for and reduce the impact of these events. Federal investments in natural disasters should include prevention and mitigation as well as response and recovery. In fact, investment in prevention can save money in the longterm. Research by an independent group of experts in 2005 found that every dollar invested in actions to reduce disaster losses saves the nation about $4 in future costs. We all agree that by planning for the future communities can help prevent damage and save money, but rarely do we do it. The Safe Communities Act will create a new grant program to support state, local and regional planning activities aimed at reducing threats posed by natural and humancaused disasters. Granteligible projects under this program include comprehensive risk assessments and inventories of critical infrastructure, landuse planning for natural hazards and terrorism security, updates to building codes and development of new urban design techniques for riskreduction. The bill will also create a research program to investigate the best practices in comprehensive land use and community planning aimed at reducing threats posed by natural hazards and acts of tenor. The number of people who live in harm’s way is expanding dramatically, and more properties and more lives are at risk from both natural and humancaused disasters. The associated increases in rising disaster recovery costs impact us all. I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure communities have the resources they need to help prepare for future natural disasters. f 
WISHING A HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY TO MS. PEARL GENEVIEVE MOORE 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Ms. Pearl Genevieve Moore of Preston, WA on her 100th birthday today. Pearl was born in Washington State on September 18, 1917 to parents Hulda and Olaf Carlson, who immigrated to Preston, Washington from Varmland, Sweden. Pearl graduated from Broadway High School in 1935. In 1941, Pearl married the love of her life, Mr. Marshall Moore. They were married for 56 beautiful years. Pearl credits her wonderful life to God’s grace, her ancestors, and a busy social life. She is actively involved in her church community and many have been blessed by her hospitality and care over the years. Pearl also loves to garden and enjoys eating lots of vegetables, peanuts, and chocolate. Through her big heart and dedication to her community, Pearl has continued to make Preston a better place throughout her lifetime. I join with her family, friends, and the Eighth District in congratulating her on this special occasion and wishing her a wonderful birthday. 16TH DISTRICT CONGRESSIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AWARDS HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fire and Rescue and EMS personnel who have provided distinguished service to the people of Florida’s 16th Congressional District. As first responders, fire departments and emergency medical service teams are summoned on short notice to serve their respective communities. Oftentimes, they arrive at scenes of great adversity and trauma, to which they reliably bring strength and composure. These brave men and women spend hundreds of hours in training so that they are prepared when they get ‘‘the call.’’ In 2012, I established the 16th District Congressional Fire and Rescue and EMS Awards to honor officers, departments, and units for outstanding achievement. On behalf of the people of Florida’s 16th District, it is my privilege to congratulate the following winners, who were selected this year by an independent committee comprised of a cross section of current and retired Fire and Rescue personnel living in the district: Manatee County Community Paramedicine Program was chosen to receive the Congressional Unit Citation Award; Training Officer Christopher Stark of the Hillsborough County Fire Rescue was chosen to receive the Congressional Dedication and Professionalism Award; Chief Dennis Jones of the Hillsborough County Fire Rescue was chosen to receive the Congressional Career Service Award; and Division ChiefFire Marshal Tammy Zurla was chosen to receive the Congressional Dedication and Professionalism Award. 
CONGRATULATING THE MISSOURI ASSOCIATION OF STUDENT FINANCIAL AID PERSONNEL 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Missouri Association of Student Financial Aid Personnel (MASFAP) on their 50th Anniversary on November 7, 2017. The Missouri Association of Student Financial Aid was founded on April 3, 1967, starting with a steering committee of only five members. Today, MASFAP has grown to 83 schools and over 790 members. This anniversary will provide an opportunity to recognize their continued partnerships and highlight the need for affordable postsecondary education. 
Since its founding, the MASFAP has and continues to be a dynamic association dedicated to serving and advocating for practitioners, users, and providers of student financial aid programs. Many students depend on financial aid programs to assist them through their postsecondary education, providing many students with the means to continue their education. Missouri is home to many institutions of postsecondary education that serve students from Missouri and abroad. Obtaining a higher education opens doors for students, develops their individual skills and knowledge, and makes them invaluable resources to our communities, state, and nation. MASFAP is ready and willing to assist students who need help or information. The financial aid programs provided to students assist with tuition, fees, housing, food, books and supplies, transportation and personal expenses. Additionally, millions of dollars in grants, scholarships, and student loans allow students to continue pursuing their professional goals. Every day, student financial aid administrators throughout Missouri do their best to assist students in identifying the resources and options they have regarding the cost of their education. These administrators work at removing barriers so students can be successful in choosing the appropriate assistance program. The dedication these administrators show to the students and their future is appreciated. I ask you to join me in recognizing the Missouri Association of Student Financial Aid Personnel on their 50th Anniversary Celebration. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, communities thrive when hard work, dedication, and sacrifice are set by the example of its residents. In Yonkers, no one has set that example better than Mary ‘‘Edith’’ Lockard. Edith was born in Yonkers in 1924 to Andrew and Mary Lena Deloatch. She was the youngest of 6 and the only girl. After graduating from Yonkers High School, Edith earned her Associates Degree in Early Childhood Development from Pace University. Edith has been the lifeblood of Messiah Baptist Church for over 76 years. In April of 1940 she was baptized on Easter Sunday at the church, and has remained an active member serving the parish in any capacity needed. Following high school, Edith focused on raising her family with her husband, Wilfred Lockard. She got involved volunteering in the Yonkers school district and eventually served as the Vice President of the Parents Teachers Association (PTA). She also served at the South Yonkers Youth Council, an organization dedicated to fostering growth and development for the youth in the community through after school care and activities. They also held summer day camps which exposed the youth to cultural and sporting events, positive role models, and educational opportunities. After her beloved husband Wilfred passed away, Edith began volunteering at St. John’s Hospital. She faithfully served in the mailroom on Thursdays from 1995 to 2001. In 1995 she also became a member of the Nepperhan Senior Center—Senior Group No. 15—located on Warburton Avenue. For over a decade, Edith has faithfully worked for the Yonkers Parks and Recreation. For as active as Edith is in the community, her true passion has always been her family. She is the proud mother of her four children: Juanita, Tyrone, Lindsay, and Lila, she has eight grandchildren, seven great grandchildren, and, remarkably, 9 greatgreat grandchildren. Edith’s commitment to helping others has been an inspiration to those in her community and beyond. I want to congratulate Edith for all of her hard, selfless work, and I want to wish her a very happy 93rd birthday on September 9, 2017. f 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on March 24, 1999, Laguna Woods, California officially became Orange County’s 32nd city. A great deal has changed in the last 18 years, but Laguna Woods Councilman Bert Hack has remained a constant in our community. Since taking office in 1999, Bert served as Mayor five times and sat on numerous boards throughout Southern California. Bert’s deep knowledge of local history and passion for service to others has made him a beloved fixture in Laguna Woods. Bert’s presence on the City Council will surely be missed, but he will undoubtedly continue to serve as an inspiration for all who follow in his footsteps. I wish Bert well in retirement, and thank him for his many years of service to Laguna Woods and Orange County. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sadie Macchia, who celebrated her 100th bitihday on July 6th, Born on July 6, 1917, in the Bronx, New York, Sadie came into this world with a remarkably low birth weight, and was the surviving child of a set of twins, the other of whom was born prematurely and sadly passed away shortly afterward. Sadie was so small that her mother used a shoebox as a cradle, and could not even properly wear a bonnet. With such a low birthweight, her chances for survival seemed slim. Yet, with incredible strength, this miracle baby pulled through infancy and is still here with us today, 100 years later. As an adult, Sadie spent many years working as a seamstress in the Bronx while living in her own apartment above her brother, Dominick, and his wife, Angelina. In those days, Sadie was renowned for her hospitality and insatiable laughter, always happy to have friends and family over to share a meal, reminisce over old photos, or simply spend time with those dearest to her. A kind and generous soul, she is truly loved by all who know her. To commemorate her 100th birthday, two of her brothers, Guy and Nick, threw her a birthday party where she was able to celebrate with her extended fmnily. The look on her face to see so many loved ones gathered together to celebrate her birthday was said to be that of pure joy. This miracle baby fought all the odds and is now one of America’s great centennials. It is a privilege to honor Sadie Macchia, who has brought joy and laughter into the hearts of so many others. f 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, September 14, 2017 I was absent due to Hurricane Irma relief efforts. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call No. 516 on the motion to recommit with instructions—Nay; Roll Call No. 517 on the passage of H.R. 3697—Aye; Roll Call No. 518 on the Palmer amendment to H.R. 3354— Aye; Roll Call No. 519 on the Gohmert amendment to H.R. 3354—Aye; Roll Call No. 520 on the Norton amendment to H.R. 3354— Nay; Roll Call No. 521 on the Ellison amendment to H.R. 3354—Nay; Roll Call No. 522 on the Ellison amendment to H.R. 3354—Nay; Roll Call No. 523 on the Ellison amendment to H.R. 3354—Nay; Roll Call No. 524 on the Mitchell amendment to H.R. 3354—Aye; Roll Call No. 525 on the Huizenga amendment to H.R. 3354—Aye; Roll Call No. 526 on the Jackson Lee amendment to H.R. 3354—Nay; Roll Call No. 527 on the motion to recommit— Nay; Roll Call No. 528 on the passage of H.R. 3354—Aye; Roll Call No. 529 on the passage of H.R. 3284—Aye. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Moy Family Association U.S.A. National Convention on their 27th Annual event and to recognize past and present members. I commend their community service and civic engagement that benefit not only the local Asian community in New York City but also the national and international community. The Association is a charitable organization with a focus on community, education, civic engagement and social welfare. Since its inception over 125 years ago, the Moy Family Association has played a key role in community building efforts, particularly in the vibrant Chinatown communities I represent. 
In particular, I congratulate Mr. Robin Mui for his public service. His accomplishments and contributions to the Asian community I represent is immeasurable. Mr. Mui has been instrumental in increasing awareness and dialogue about issues and concerns that impact Asian American communities. Through their leadership, the Moy Family Association has championed numerous community causes and relief efforts for families impacted by tragedy. This includes raising millions of dollars for the American Red Cross during Hurricane Katrina and for the families of slain NYPD Officers Wenjian Liu and Officer Rafael RaInos in 2014. As a nation, we must embrace the diverse cultures and organizations that have worked to advance the needs of all citizens and have helped to define what it means to be American. I ask my colleagues to join me today in congratulating the Moy’s Family Association U.S.A. National Convention on this special occasion. I commend their public service and shared goal of enriching the lives of the constituents of my district. My best wishes for a successful event. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the RECORD remarks made by the Reverend Stephen W. Camp at the Be the Light Interfaith Candle Lighting Vigil at Congregation Beth Israel in West Hartford, CT on August 23, 2017. 
THEREVEREND STEPHEN W. C AMP, M.D IV., SENIOR PASTOR , F AITH CONGREGATIONAL  CHURCH OF HARTFORD , CT ‘‘The prophetic voice Maya Angelou once said, ‘I’ve learned that people will forget what you have said; people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.’ America was sent a message recently, a message that America rarely feels as deeply. As America watched the unfolding story centered in the little sleepy college town in Virginia. it was forced to feel, the kind of feeling that one never forgets. It was reminiscent of Selma and ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ It brought to mind Birmingham with the dog and fire hoses; it reminded America of the open hostility and defiance of a George Wallace. As America watched in recent days, some were stirred by the memory of ancestors and family members being marched into ovens, reminded of some of the worst inhumanity that our world has produced. The genie, we thought, was back in the tightly dosed bottle, the monster was locked away in its cage, but here it was again raring it ugly head, saying, ‘‘I’m not dead yet! America felt pain once again. For some I’m sure, it simply felt like a scab had been ripped off an old wound. Still others may have thought these days were behind us, a past justassoon forgotten. But lest we forget, lest we ignore for even a moment—this pain rooted in forced Indian reservations and the buying and selling of human beings, lest we forget, it will surely surface and seek to cause havoc and pain until it is faced and fixed. The events of late teach all of us, as if any had doubt; that America is not healed yet. The work is not done. It seems just yesterday that Jewish cemeteries were vandalized, or just the other day that terrorist bombed a mosque or burned churches in the south. Were they just isolated incidents? No, but somehow they connected us and called us to feel, to be awake, to be alert—to mobilize for good. And here we are again. Charlottesville conjured up old feelings. Many who marched in Charlottesville that day, as we watched, most of us glued to the television, as they boldly marched, unhooded this time, khaki wearing white men, with their contorted angry faces, and carrying tiki torches, trying it seemed to desperately symbolize their power, their might, but only succeeding to pull back the scab and memory of historic oppression, failing to offer even a flickering of light, and of peace. We watched with sadness while they shouted hateful words and embodied a most detestable part of the American mosaic, frankly, only making many of us remember and feel the acute sickness that is still a part of America. For those who marched with counter intent, with ‘‘never again’’ etched upon their hearts, with ‘‘nonviolent direct action’’ embedded in their spirit, many of them young people who have gotten the lessons that many of us who are older have tried to teach. So many counteracted and confronted, they stood tall and whether we liked it or not, they stood their ground and they gave us hope that one day the pain would give way to promise. We can take heart, because through them we knew that ‘‘we shall indeed, overcome.’’ But dearly, we have not yet reached that Promised Land. We have not yet fully embraced the place that Dr. King and Rabbi Hershel who marched arm in arm tried to show and to teach us. We haven’t yet felt how Malcom who epitomized both the hope and the worry of the movement for justice, worry that integrity in the movement would be comprised given the times they were in, yet united with a yearning to taste real freedom for all. All of them understood that justice had a cost attached to it. However, we still haven’t learned yet, how to include all the voices, sit with all the pain, open and feel all of the diverse ways we are together, but there is hope shining through, maybe given the Boston event, that we will get there. The beloved community will one day be! Think of the blueprint that was left to us, the light that was given and passed to us, as they each in their own ways, gave their lives to pass on to us, a real hope for a better tomorrow. What I guess Charlottesville has challenged me to do, is to keep singing songs of justice, keep speaking words of peace. The challenge is to sing a new song in this often strange land, this place where America is still striving to form a more perfect union, this place where free speech should always be celebrated, must always be protected, but never allowed by any to be abused. We are called to sing together the words of peace, the words of hope, sing so as to feel that hope and that peace until it is never forgotten, until it is so deeply felt that no one is left behind without voice or value. So we come together again, gathered by the many ways God gathers us, we come together to sing even when we may not feel like singing, sing even though the words may not always be dear to us or the language understood by everyone is not plain. We come together to share words of peace, even when it seems the world is bent upon acts of violent expression. We come together knowing that love trumps hate, that without love and hope we perish, so we hope, we believe and work for a better day. Maya Angelou was right, people will never forget—when it is felt. It is our work, to help each other feel the presence of peace. It’s our work to care for one another, to bind up those who are broken, to repair the world and make the world a just place for all. This is our work to feel, not the hate that some would have us feel, but to offer a binding, sustaining and enduring feeling that builds community and opens hearts to know and feel that another world is possible. It is there, don’t you feel it, can’t you see it? It is there, just over the horizon. Let’s go there together! Thank you.’’ f PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 485 regarding ‘‘On Motion to Suspend the Rules’’ (H.R. 2611). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I missed the vote on Roll Call vote 516. I would have voted aye on Roll Call number 516. 
DESIGNATION OF MAPLE VALLEY, WASHINGTON AS A PURPLE HEART CITY 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the City of Maple Valley, in light of its designation as a Purple Heart City. The City of Maple Valley will be the first in Washington’s Eighth Congressional District to become a Purple Heart, as well as the third city in the State of Washington. Additionally, the designation falls on the anniversary of 9/11, an event that will forever be seen in our hearts as a symbol of strength, hope, and freedom. The Purple Heart is awarded to wounded members of the armed forces of the United States as a combat decoration for their commitment to our great country. As you visit the City of Maple Valley, you will find a road sign explaining the Purple Heart significance, which reminds all those visiting, of the sacrifice made for a just and free civilization. Furthermore, I would like to also thank the Boy Scout Troop 711 for building the display case for the plaques and other Purple Heart memorabilia, for the public to observe, learn and enjoy. I thank the City of Maple Valley for its dedication to our armed forces who’ve risked their lives for ours. The City will not only be known as a beautiful place for wilderness, recreation and to raise a family; but one as an allegiance to our public servants. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gouverneur Health and its dedicated professional staff and volunteers for the critical work they are doing for patients and families in New York City. Gouverneur Health is a Medicare and Medicaid certified center. It is one of the largest institutions in Lower Manhattan, and the largest freestanding ambulatory care center in New York State. Gouverneur Health has taken care of the everchanging population of the Lower East Side for more than a century. Gouverneur’s dedicated and professional staff removes barriers caused by language, culture and income, enabling patients to make informed decisions vital to their physical, mental and social well being. With Gouverneur’s help, our neighbors receive important disease prevention information and screenings to ensure a healthy future for children and hardworking families. These important services have grown and evolved over the past century, proving that the hospital is responsive to the needs of the community. As they celebrate 132 years of tremendous work, I am confident that NYC Health + Hospitals Gouverneur will continue to build on its history of service and find many more years of success. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend and former colleague in government, Angelo R. Martinelli, who has done so much to strengthen and promote the Yonkers community and beyond. Though known as a Yonkers staple, Angelo was actually born in the Bronx and grew up in Mt. Vernon. After graduating from high school, he enlisted in the United States Army and was honorably discharged in 1946 with the rank of Sergeant. Upon returning home, Angelo worked in the family business, The Yonkers Daily Times, and in 1948 he bought the Gazette Press, the oldest printing firm in Westchester County. In 1973, Angelo was elected Mayor of the City of Yonkers. He served from 1974 to 1979 and again from 1982 to 1987, making him the longesttenured mayor of Yonkers. During his career, Angelo held a number of other offices and positions in national and state organizations, which earned him a reputation as an effective and forceful advocate for municipal government interests, especially in the areas of seniorcitizen and anticrime programs. In addition, Angelo has served on the Board of Directors of the Yonkers Police Athletic League since 1991 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Yonkers Chamber of Commerce for 22 years. In 1976, he was one of the founding members of the Untermyer Performing Arts Council. He previously served on the Board of St. Joseph’s Medical Center and was Chairman of the Advisory Board of St. Patrick’s Home for the Aged and Infirm. He was also the President of the Queen’s Daughters Day Care Center, and, in January 1984, Mercy College conferred upon him an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters. Angelo has always been a passionate man when it comes to public service, but his greatest passion and love always belonged to his family. He was married to his beloved late wife, Carol, for 65 years. Together their family grew to include their six sons, five daughters inlaw, twelve grandchildren, and seven great grandchildren. In 2016, Angelo once again demonstrated his commitment and love for the City of Yonkers, by donating the funds to restore the Temple of Love at the historic Untermyer Gardens in memory of his late wife, Carol. The donation served as a beautiful tribute to both his city and the amazing woman he loved. It is truly an honor to have a friend like Angelo, just as it is an honor for me to recognize him here today. I thank Angelo for his years of service to our community. Yonkers is surely a better place for all he has done on its behalf. f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment numbered 86 to Division C of H.R. 3354 printed in House Report 115–297 to direct the National Institute of Standards and Technology to establish standards for acceptable levels of pyrrhotite in concrete aggregate, and to continue providing technical assistance to those interested in pyrrhotite detection, prevention, and mitigation tools. Pyrrhotite is a rare natural mineral that has been found in higher than normal concentrations in stone aggregate used in concrete poured for residential foundations in northern Connecticut and Massachusetts. Over time, pyrrhotite oxidizes, expanding within the foundation and causing the foundation wall to bow and crack. Severe cracking weakens the foundation to the point of collapse over a period of 10–15 years, and potentially thousands of homeowners in the region could see their homes collapse. By establishing standards for pyrrhotite content, NIST could prevent a similar problem from occurring in residential buildings in other areas. In addition, providing technical assistance to those already affected by this problem will help establish best practices for mitigation of pyrrhotiterelated damage. I look forward to continuing to work with the Appropriations Committee and the agency on this important issue, and I urge the adoption of my amendment. f 
HONORING BARBARA GRIMMMARSHALL AND KARI GRIMMANDERSON FOR THEIR DEDICATED COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT 
Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and am joined by my colleague from California, Mr. VALADAO , to recognize two outstanding leaders in our community: Barbara GrimmMarshall and Kari GrimmAnderson. Throughout the years, Barbara and Kari have been deeply involved in our community and it comes as no surprise they have each been named by the Kern County Fair as 2017 Person of the Year. Every year, the Kern County Fair attracts families from all over the Central Valley to partake in the unique festivities ranging from the Great American Duck Race to the highlycompetitive 4–H livestock showcases. However, we also take time to acknowledge and pay tribute to individuals who have improved our community with the Person of the Year award. While Barbara and Kari may be known for their leadership roles with the world’s largest carrot operation through their familyowned farm, Grimmway Enterprises, Inc., they have each played an integral part in the betterment of our community. Notably, in 1998, Grimmway Enterprises created a college scholarship program for the children of their employees that has provided access to higher education through more than 300 college scholarships. Through their philanthropic endeavors, Barbara and Kari have been instrumental in helping students in rural regions of the Central Valley prepare for college, while also working to address the increasing prevalence of childhood diabetes and obesity through various programs and outreach efforts. Barbara founded and currently serves as the CEO of the Grimm Family Education Foundation and has worked tirelessly to establish rural charter schools throughout Kern County to ensure students have access to a worldclass education. In August 2011, the Foundation opened the Grimmway Academy in Arvin, California, enrolling more than 280 students Kindergarten through third grade. Today, the Academy has two campuses, one in Arvin and the other in Shafter, with total enrollment surpassing 1,200 students for the 2017–2018 school year. Additionally, the Foundation recently opened the Buena Vista Edible Schoolyard, dedicated to exposing students to the many facets of agricultural and environmental stewardship in the region. Kari is widely known for her insight and contributions to a number of civicallyminded groups, including the Board of Directors for the Junior League of Bakersfield and the Board of Regents at Concordia University, Irvine. Similarly, Barbara has dedicated her time serving on various boards, such as the Lori Brock Children’s Museum, St. John’s Lutheran Church, the California State University 
Foundation, the Regents of Concordia University, and the Board of Directors of Tejon Ranch, among others. The selfless efforts of Barbara and Kari have impacted so many and both have set an exceptional example for all of us to follow as we work to improve our community. Through investing in education to providing resources to those less fortunate, Barbara and Kari are steadfast in their vision and commitment to helping others. We congratulate Barbara and Kari for jointly being named the 2017 Kern County Person of the Year and commend them for their tireless service, work, and vision for our community. We look forward to witnessing their continued efforts that touch the hearts of so many. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Craig Anderson and his 20 years of active stewardship as the Executive Director of LandPaths, a nonprofit organization in Sonoma County that has become a national innovator in land conservation practices under his leadership. Craig Anderson’s career has consistently engaged his dual passions of land conservation and community engagement. Beginning in 1985, Mr. Anderson worked at the Yosemite Institute where he taught field science courses to high school students. Four years later he became the Director of Outdoor Classroom Programs for the Ojai Valley School, leading students on wilderness trips that exposed some of them to land use and natural history curriculum for the first time. During that same period, Mr. Anderson took his knowledge from the classroom and applied it in the field, when he became the site manager for the McCloud River Preserve. As the site manager he oversaw all activities taking places across the 2,200 acre preserve on a daily basis. All of these experiences prepared Mr. Anderson for his next role as the Executive Director of Land Paths, a position he took on in 1997, and continues to hold to this day. As the Executive Director of Land Paths, Mr. Anderson has grown the organization from a single staff member working out of his apartment to a staff of 15. Pushing the organization’s mission of connecting people to nature, Mr. Anderson successfully spearheaded the agency’s efforts to create nature preserves with public access. LandPaths has created five such preserves throughout Sonoma County as a result of his leadership to date. In addition to these efforts, Mr. Anderson led the development of the award winning BayerFarm Park & Community Garden, which has now been held up as a model for expanding green spaces in urban areas. Because of his foresight in developing local preserves and community gardens, LandPaths has also been able to create student and community stewardship programs that use these properties to ensure the public’s commitment to environmental conservation and land use practices. Beyond the local impact of Mr. Anderson’s leadership, he has also been recognized on a national level for his innovative practices and stewardship programs. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing deep appreciation for Craig Anderson’s extraordinary leadership in the field of land use, conservation and stewardship, by extending to him congratulations on his two decades of service. f 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Legal Services Corporation and its important work across the country in facilitating civil legal aid for those in need. Civil legal aid is one of the most effective strategies for helping victims of domestic violence and that is why our federal government must make a strong investment in the Legal Services Corporation (LSC), which administers federal funding for civil legal aid. From my over 33 years in law enforcement, I know all too well that unlike people who commit crimes, victims do not always have the same opportunity for an attorney. For a lowincome individual in need of help with a civil legal issue, paying expensive legal fees for an attorney is not an option. And for people who are in abusive relationships, the thought of navigating the legal system alone can often be what keeps them from leaving their abuser. Research shows that providing an attorney can reduce the number of domestic violence victims by as much as 21 percent. A 2015 study out of King County, WA, where I was the Sheriff, found that when survivors received legal representation they were 85 percent more likely to have child visitation rights denied to the abusive parent, 77 percent more likely to have restrictions placed on the abusive parent’s child visitation, and 47 percent more likely to have treatment ordered for the abusive parent. Our great nation was founded on the principle of justice for all, not just for those who can afford it. When lowincome families and survivors of domestic violence are forced to face the justice system on their own, it is a failure of our society. As the appropriations process moves forward, I urge you to support and strengthen funding for the Legal Services Corporation. 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation to Mark Gotto, Centennial City Council Member for District 3 Mark Gotto, for his many years of hard work and dedication to the City of Centennial. Council Member Gotto’s leadership and vision has, amongst other accomplishments, contributed to the City of Centennial’s reputation as one of the best in Colorado. Council Member Gotto has consistently and effectively guided the City of Centennial towards a more businessfriendly atmosphere that increases growth and the quality of life. He has continually provided his guidance and leadership as the City Council Liaison to a variety of different boards and committees, such as the Centennial Budget Committee, the Southgate Water and Sanitation District, and the Arapahoe Library District Board of Trustees. Outside of his service on the Centennial City Council, Council Member Gotto has also dedicated his time making our community and the State of Colorado a better place. He continues to volunteer at the Children’s Hospital of Colorado on the Anschutz Medical Campus and ensures that the Centennial City Council does not pass any resolution that would negatively affect the aging population in his city. Mr. Speaker, City Council Member Mark Gotto represents the very best the State of Colorado and our nation has to offer in public service. I offer my sincere appreciation for his unyielding dedication to public service, and I wish him the very best of luck as he leaves the Centennial City Council and moves on to future endeavors. f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SMITHSONIAN’S ANACOSTIA COMMUNITY MUSEUM 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the 50th Anniversary of the Smithsonian’s Anacostia Community Museum. The Anacostia Community Museum, which opened in 1967, has been a staple of the District of Columbia community. Not only has the museum served as a major cultural institution, including in highlighting the important contributions made by African Americans to D.C. and the nation, but it has also served as a pillar of educational enrichment and achievement through its Museum Academy Program. In addition, the museum’s Citizen Scientist Program brings high school students and Smithsonian educators, as well as scientists, together to engage in environmental stewardship and learn more about science, technology, engineering and mathematics initiatives. The museum also continues to be a dominant force in terms of community engagement, creating a handson children’s room and a youth advisory council. Additionally, the museum works on a number of events and projects that focus on community restoration within Anacostia. For example, the museum recently hosted a community forum with the National Park Service to illustrate the importance of volunteering within one’s community and also partnered with WTTG Fox 5 to allow visitors to participate in an urban gardening project. Aside from its community engagement and restoration, the Anacostia Community Museum showcases various exhibits that focus on the different issues that impact urban communities, both in D.C. and nationwide. Specifically, the museum works with D.C. residents, artists, community activists, scholars, local officials and other outside organizations to cultivate carefully crafted exhibits that challenge 
museum visitors to think critically and enhance their museum experience. Therefore, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the Anacostia Community Museum, an institution that continues to remain at the forefront of addressing social and political issues that affect individuals in D.C. and the nation, as it celebrates its 50th Anniversary. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Jonathan Williams Plaza, a New York City Public Housing Authority (NYCHA) development located in my district in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. This complex is home to more than 1,340 residents. Built at the height of the Civil Rights movement, and three decades after the New Deal and the 1934 Federal Housing Act, Williams Plaza’s towering buildings have long symbolized innovation and hope. Williams Plaza has provided a sound foundation and pathway to selfsufficiency for thousands of its residents. The stability it provides families is what helped launch the educational achievement and careers of former public housing residents like U.S. Supreme Court Sonia Sotomayor. Williams Plaza provides meaningful support and services for its residents. Under NYCHA’s Family Partnerships initiative, residents are able to connect to critical resources that help support family stability and tenancy. It offers job training opportunities, onsite afterschool partnership and accessible childcare in addition to NYCHA’s citywide network of social services. On this special 50th year celebration, I also would like to recognize the Jonathan Williams Plaza Tenant Association for their volunteerism. The community service they provide improves the quality of life for their neighbors and surrounding community. They are a valuable asset to NYCHA and the resident stakeholders. I also want to recognize Mr. Juan Bello, Housing Manager and his team for their unwavering dedication to residents. I salute the following: Mr. Joel Gross—Tenant Association President Ben Zion Weiss—VicePresident Abraham Frankel—Treasurer Joanne Sanchez—Corresponding Secretary Joel Schwartz—Secretary Louise Sanon—Sergeant At Arms Housing Manager—Mr. Juan Bello Superintendent—Marian Polowcyk Housing Assistant—Nina Dinkevich Maintenance Staffer—Efrain Quintana Caretaker—Andrew Adams Resident Volunteer—Abraham Frankel Resident Volunteer—Pedro Roman HONORING MAJOR GENERAL GREGORY S. CHAMPAGNE HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the retirement of Major General Gregory S. Champagne who will retire from the United States Air Force and the Missouri Air National Guard on November 1, 2017 with 36 years of dedicated service. Since his commissioning, Major General Champagne has spent his career as a Missouri Air National Guardsman and currently serves as the Air National Guard Advisor to the Commander, Air Force Global Strike Command at the Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana where training, equipping, and maintenance for all United States intercontinental ballistic missile and bomber forces are conducted. The Air Force Global Strike Command provides strategic deterrence, global strike, and combat support and houses the nation’s inventory of Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missiles, B–1, B–2, and B–52 bomber aircraft under its nine wings. In 1981, Major General Champagne received his commission through the Academy of Military Science. He has served on numerous assignments such as wing staff assignments, logistics and flying operations and has flown in combat missions in Operations Provide Comfort and Southern Watch. Furthermore, he commanded the 207th Air Expeditionary Group at Tallil Air Base, in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Prior to his current post, Major General Champagne was Commander, 131st Bomb Wing, Missouri Air National Guard, and Whiteman Air Force Base. At Whiteman, he oversaw the National Guard’s only B–2 unit that provides nearly 1,100 combatready Airmen for both state and federal missions. Throughout his many years of service, Major General Champagne has received numerous awards and decorations including: Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medal with two oak leaf clusters, Air Force Commendation Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal, Joint Meritorious Unit Award, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with oak leaf cluster, Combat Readiness Medal with two silver oak leaf clusters and two bronze oak leaf clusters, National Defense Service Medal with bronze star, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal with bronze star, and Iraq Campaign Medal with bronze star. Major General Champagne intends to spend precious moments with his wife, Cheri Champagne and his sons, 1st Lieutenant Clayton Champagne and wife, Cara, and Captain Tyler Champagne and wife, Kris and his grandson Nicolas. I ask you to join me in recognizing this distinguished public servant, Major General Gregory S. Champagne on his retirement after 36 years of dedicated service to our nation. This retirement is well deserved. 
SEPTEMBER 20 9 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine disaster preparedness and response, focusing on the special needs of older Americans. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, David Ross, of Wisconsin, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, each to to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, and William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine end of the year spending. SD–342 SEPTEMBER 25 10 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the GrahamCassidyHellerJohnson proposal. SD–215 
SEPTEMBER 26 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine block grants, focusing on how States can reduce health care costs. SD–342 SEPTEMBER 27 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine threats to the homeland. SD–342 2 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine encouraging the next generation to visit National Parks. SD–366 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office reports on human trafficking of Native Americans in the United States. SD–628 
SEPTEMBER 26 10 a.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine tax reform and entrepreneurship. RHOB–2020 
Senate passed H.R. 2810, National Defense Authorization Act, as amended. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5775–S5823 Measures Introduced: Six bills and three resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1823–1828, and S. Res. 260–262.
Measures Reported: H.R. 1117, to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to applicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or disaster. (S. Rept. No. 115–158) H.R. 1679, to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency. (S. Rept. No. 115–159) 
Measures Passed: National Defense Authorization Act: By 89 yeas to 8 nays (Vote No. 199), Senate passed H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, after taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
Adopted: McCain/Reed Modified Amendment No. 1003, in the nature of a substitute.
Reed (for Kaine) Amendment No. 277, to provide for the establishment of a visitor services facility on the Arlington Ridge tract, Virginia.
Reed (for Tester) Amendment No. 434, to convert the authority for a National Language Service Corps into a requirement for such a Corps.
Reed (for Heitkamp/Sullivan) Amendment No. 574, to expand the SkillBridge initiative to include participation by Federal agencies.
             Pages S5787–96 Reed (for Merkley) Amendment No. 660, to treat the service of recipients of Boren scholarships and fellowships in excepted service positions as service by such recipients under career appointments for purposes of career tenure under title 5, United States Code.
Reed (for Whitehouse) Amendment No. 750, to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction. 
Reed (for Van Hollen) Amendment No. 756, to require a report on compliance with Department of Defense and Service policies regarding runway clear zones.
Reed (for Murray) Amendment No. 833, to provide for the promotion of financial literacy concerning retirement among members of the Armed Forces.
Reed (for Brown) Amendment No. 890, to ensure the continued designation of the Secretary of the Air Force as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program carried out under title III of the Defense Protection Act of 1950.
Reed (for Cardin/Portman) Amendment No. 900, to require a report on the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center (NBACC) and to provide a limitation on use of funds.
Reed (for Leahy) Amendment No. 903, to require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a feasibility study and cost estimate for a pilot program that uses predictive analytics and screening to identify mental health risk and provide early, targeted intervention for parttime members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces.
Reed (for Baldwin/Moran) Amendment No. 904, to prohibit or suspend certain health care providers from providing nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs health care services to veterans.
Reed (for Peters/Stabenow) Amendment No. 950, to authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to increase the Primary Aircraft Authorization of Air Force or Air National Guard A–10 aircraft units in the event conversion of an A–10 unit is in the best interest of a longterm Air Force mission. 
Reed (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 976, to express the sense of Congress on use of test sites for research and development on countering unmanned aircraft systems.
Reed (for Cantwell/Murray) Amendment No. 995, to extend the authorization of the Advisory Board on Toxic Substances and Worker Health.
Reed (for Stabenow) Amendment No. 1014, to require the Government Accountability Office to evaluate Buy American training policies for the Defense acquisition workforce.
Reed (for Whitehouse) Amendment No. 1015, to encourage the United States Trade Representative to consider the impact of marine debris in future trade agreements.
Reed (for Harris) Amendment No. 1021, to require a review of effects of personnel requirements and limitations on the availability of members of the National Guard for the performance of funeral honors duty for veterans.
Reed (for Sanders) Amendment No. 1023, to authorize the provision of support for Beyond Yellow Ribbon programs.
Reed (for Cantwell) Amendment No. 1065, to increase funding for environmental restoration for the Air Force, and to provide an offset.
Reed (for Bennet/Gardner) Amendment No. 1087, to recognize the National Museum of World War II Aviation.
Reed (for Wyden) Amendment No. 1088, to authorize an additional $10,000,000 for the National Guard for training on wildfire response, and to provide an offset.
Reed (for Kaine) Amendment No. 1089, to establish opportunities for scholarships related to cybersecurity.
Reed (for Cortez Masto) Amendment No. 1094, to express the sense of Senate on increasing enrollment in Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs at minorityserving institutions. 
Reed (for Durbin) Amendment No. 1100, to modify the basis on which an extension of the period for enlistment in the Armed Forces may be made under the Delayed Entry Program.
McCain (for Lee) Amendment No. 470, relating to mechanisms to facilitate the obtaining by military spouses of occupational licenses or credentials in other States.
                                                          Pages S5787–96 McCain (for Moran/Tester) Amendment No. 601, to require the Secretary of Defense to declassify certain documents related to incidents in which members of the Armed Forces were exposed to toxic substances.
McCain (for Portman) Amendment No. 712, to require a plan to meet the demand for cyberspace career fields in the reserve components of the Armed Forces.
McCain (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 780, to increase the maximum term for intergovernmental support agreements to provide installation support services.
McCain (for Ernst) Amendment No. 873, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to submit to Congress a report on the utilization of small businesses with respect to certain Federal contracts.
McCain Amendment No. 874, to limit authorized cost increases in military construction projects. 
McCain (for Johnson/Flake) Amendment No. 879, to amend title 46, United States Code, to provide greater flexibility to the Coast Guard in deciding the Federal district court in which to prosecute individuals engaged in drug trafficking.
McCain (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 908, to authorize the modification of the Second Division Memorial.
McCain (for Rubio) Amendment No. 927, requiring a report on the availability of postsecondary credit for skills acquired during military service. 
McCain (for Isakson/Perdue) Amendment No. 943, to authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to enter into an agreement providing for the joint use of Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Marietta, Georgia with civil aviation.
McCain (for Flake) Amendment No. 945, to require information on Department of Defense funding in Department press releases and related public statements on programs, projects, and activities funded by the Department.
McCain (for Moran) Amendment No. 1006, to modernize Government information technology. 
McCain (for Tillis) Amendment No. 1031, to require a certification and report related to the enhanced multi mission parachute system. 
McCain (for Perdue/Isakson) Amendment No. 1033, to require a report related to the E–8C JSTARS recapitalization program.
McCain (for Strange) Amendment No. 1034, to express the sense of Congress regarding fire protection in Department of Defense facilities. 
McCain (for Lankford) Amendment No. 1038, to ensure transparency in acquisition programs. 
McCain (for Rounds) Amendment No. 1039, to devolve acquisition authority from the Office of the Secretary of Defense to the military services. 
McCain (for Scott/Brown) Amendment No. 1050, to increase funding for research, development, test, and evaluation for historically Black colleges and universities and other minorityserving institutions of higher education.
McCain (for Portman) Amendment No. 1055, to require a report on cyber applications of blockchain technology.
McCain (for Tillis) Amendment No. 1063, to modify the definition of customdeveloped computer software.
McCain (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 1073, to improve section 1653, relating to groundbased interceptor capability, capacity, and reliability. 
McCain (for Strange) Amendment No. 1086, to authorize $600,000,000 in increased funding for the procurement of one Littoral Combat Ship for the Navy above the President’s budget request. 
McCain (for Graham/Whitehouse) Amendment No. 1096, to prohibit multichannel video programming distributors from being required to carry certain video content that is owned or controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation. 
McCain (for Isakson/Perdue) Amendment No. 1032, to prohibit the availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS aircraft.
Withdrawn: McConnell (for McCain) Amendment No. 545 (to Amendment No. 1003), of a perfecting nature. 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 90 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. 198), threefifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing that the bill, as amended, be printed as passed by the Senate.
Eliminating Governmentfunded Oilpainting Act: Senate passed S. 188, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government.                                                                                             Page S5810 
School Bus Safety Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 260, designating September 2017 as ‘‘School Bus Safety Month’’.
Alaska Wild Salmon Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 261, recognizing the month of September 2017 as ‘‘Alaska Wild Salmon Month’’.
70th Anniversary of the Air Force: Senate agreed to S. Res. 262, commemorating the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the Air Force as an independent military service and celebrating the Air Force for 70 years of serving and defending the United States.
Emanuel Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of William J. Emanuel, of California, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board.
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States.
Prior to consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
Francisco Nomination—Agreement: A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing that Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, at approximately 10 a.m. on Tuesday, September 19, 2017, with the time until the cloture vote equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; and that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time expire at 12:15 p.m., and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination with no intervening action or debate. 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—199)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and adjourned at 10:39 p.m., until 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday, September 19, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5811.) Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 3802–3807; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 529 were introduced.
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 3668, to provide for the preservation of sportsmen’s heritage and enhance recreation opportunities on Federal land, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–314, Part 1). 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Holding to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Michael Wilker, Lutheran Church of the Reformation, Washington, DC. 
Senate Referrals: S. 129 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. S. 1393 was held at the desk. S. 1532 was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 1536 was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page 7427. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and adjourned at 2:03 p.m. 
No joint committee meetings were held. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D977) 
S.J. Res. 49, condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Charlottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and support to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neoNazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups. Signed on September 14, 2017. (Public Law 115–58) H.R. 624, to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on Federal documents sent by mail. Signed on September 15, 2017. (Public Law 115–59) S. 1616, to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Bob Dole, in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legislator, and statesman. Signed on September 15, 2017. (Public Law 115–60) House No hearings are scheduled. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 19 through September 22, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 11 a.m. If cloture is invoked on the nomination, Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12:15 p.m. 
Following disposition of the nomination of Noel J. Francisco, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of William J. Emanuel, of California, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination. During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Sep tember 19, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Stephen Censky, of Missouri, to be Deputy Secretary, and Ted McKinney, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs, both of the Department of Agriculture, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Armed Services: September 19, to hold hearings to examine recent Navy incidents at sea, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep tember 19, to hold hearings to examine S. 1693, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: September 19, business meeting to consider the nominations of Richard Glick, of Virginia, and Kevin J. McIntyre, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and David S. Jonas, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of Energy, and Joseph Balash, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor, both of the Department of the Interior; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the vegetation management requirements for electricity assets located on Federal lands and to receive testimony on Section 2310 of S. 1460, to provide for the modernization of the energy and natural resources policies of the United States, and H.R. 1873, to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to enhance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution facilities on Federal lands by facilitating vegetation management on such lands, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: September 20, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, David Ross, of Wisconsin, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, each to to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: September 19, to hold hearings to examine business tax reform, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: September 19, business meeting to consider H.R. 390, to provide emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, S. Res. 168, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, and the nominations of Barbara Lee, of California, and Christopher Smith, of New Jersey, both to be a Representative to the Seventysecond Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, Doug Manchester, of California, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Kathleen Troia McFarland, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore, Stephen B. King, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Czech Republic, and John R. Bass, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, all of the Department of State, and Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be United States Governor of the International Monetary Fund, United States Governor of the African Development Bank, United States Governor of the InterAmerican Development Bank, United States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, United States Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, United States Governor of the African Development Fund, and United States Governor of the Asian Development Bank; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Jon M. Huntsman, Jr., of Utah, to be Ambassador to the Russian Federation, and A. Wess Mitchell, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (European and Eurasian Affairs), both of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sep tember 19, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education, and Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: September 20, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine end of the year spending, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: September 20, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, and William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: September 19, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: September 20, to hold hearings to examine disaster preparedness and response, focusing on the special needs of older Americans, 9 a.m., SD–562. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, September 19 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 11 a.m. If cloture is invoked on the nomination, Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12:15 p.m. (Senate will recess following disposition of the nomination of Noel J. Francisco until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Thursday, September 21 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1237 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1237 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1238 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1241 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1240 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1239 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1238, E1240 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1241 Larson, John B., Conn., E1239 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1237, E1242 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1240 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1237, E1241 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1237, E1239, E1241 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1239 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1238, E1240, E1242 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E1238 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1238 