Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, today I have the privilege of recognizing the Delaware & Lehigh National Heritage Corridor as it becomes an Affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution. Earlier this year, the heritage corridor com-pleted a five year merger process with the Na-tional Canal Museum. As a result of this merg-er, the Canal Museum’s Smithsonian Affiliate status will transfer to the Delaware & Lehigh National Heritage Corridor. The Delaware & Lehigh National Heritage Corridor, also known as the D&L Corridor, is part of our nation’s National Heritage Area system. The corridor spans 165 miles from the mountains of northeast Pennsylvania through the Lehigh Valley, and it preserves and show-cases the cultural resources that are an inte-gral part of this region’s history. As part of its efforts, the D&L Corridor has developed a cur-riculum offered to 4th and 5th grade students in the area, titled ‘‘Tales of the Towpath,’’ which provides them with the opportunity to explore mid-19th Century life along the Lehigh and Delaware canals. By merging with the Na-tional Canal Museum, the D&L Corridor is able to utilize the museum’s artifacts and exhibits— including Pennsylvania’s only mule-drawn canal boat—to bring its curriculum to life. In addition to the National Canal Museum, the D&L Corridor also includes other important sites such as the National Museum of Indus-trial History, Historic Bethlehem Museums and Sites, Mercer Museum and Fonthill Castle, and numerous other National Historic Land-marks. For these reasons, the D&L Corridor has achieved a Smithsonian-National Heritage Area Partnership, which is the first of its kind in the United States. The D&L Corridor has worked tirelessly to preserve and promote the rich history and cul-ture of our beloved region in Pennsylvania, and I am proud that it now has even greater resources to share with those who visit. I wish them the utmost success as they pursue this endeavor. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL SIMPSON FOR HIS WORK ON BE-HALF OF THE DETROIT COMMU-NITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michael Simpson, owner and propri-etor of Nu Jazz Swingers. Mr. Simpson has contributed to the vibrant jazz culture in Detroit through his work with NJS and in the commu-nity. Originally founded in 1976 as the Flying Di-amond, the club was renamed the Nu Jazz Swingers the following year and has estab-lished itself as one of the premier jazz clubs in southeast Michigan. NJS became a popular destination for African-American members of the United Auto Workers, who frequented the club after their shifts at nearby auto manufac-turers. Michael Simpson, the club’s owner and DJ, also played an important role in popular-izing jazz music by featuring music played by Louis Armstrong, Michael Franks, Bob James and other prominent jazz performers. This helped the club cultivate a loyal following and a reputation as one of the leading juke joints in southeast Michigan. Additionally, Mr. Simp-son and NJS are active in the surrounding community, hosting annual Halloween and Christmas parties for children and families in nearby neighborhoods. Mr. Simpson has also supported Detroit youth athletics through do-nations and sponsorships of local teams. Mr. Simpson’s work has been critical to cre-ating a long-lasting establishment in NJS that has contributed to the cultural expression of the African-American community in Detroit. Through its popularization of jazz musicians, as well as its Jazzy ballroom nights and other events, NJS has become a well-known des-tination and has influenced the culture of De-troit and the surrounding areas. Mr. Simpson’s charitable acts have also provided important aid to local families in need, and his holiday party raises thousands of dollars each year for individuals in the community. Collectively, Mr. Simpson’s actions have had a significant im-pact on the City of Detroit and its residents and are worthy of commendation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Michael Simpson. Mr. Simp-son’s work as an owner and DJ with NJS has been a key influence on Detroit’s cultural life. f 
IN HONOR OF THE NIAGARA FALLS AIR RESERVE STATION ATTAINING 187,000 ACCIDENT FREE FLYING HOURS 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Niagara Falls Air Re-serve Station for their accomplishment of at-taining a total of 187,000 accident free flying hours. Since I have been in Congress, Con-gressman B
RIAN HIGGINS and I have worked together to ensure this base is protected for future generations. The Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station sits near the North East international border, near one of the largest populated areas in Canada. In 1970, the base made the transition from the C–119 to C–130 aircraft; a large tactical air-craft primarily used for troop transportation and supply drops, the C–130 can withstand rough terrain and has been a major tactical component for the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station. Not only does the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station provide national security and give those in Western New York a chance to serve their county, it also provides a significant eco-nomic boost to Western New York. The base employs over 2,600 people and has an eco-nomic footprint of more than $200 million in the Western New York Community. It has been an honor, alongside Congressman HIG-
GINS, to fight to protect this base, and keep its location in Niagara Falls. These brave men and women were called to active duty to participate in Operations Desert Shield, Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom. Their professional ism, teamwork and pride for their country en-abled them to achieve 187,000 accident free flying hours since 1961. These men and women are not just exemplary servicemen and women. They are your neighbors, your scoutmasters, your children’s coaches, your friends. You notice when they are gone, be-cause they bring their leadership and team-work skills to everything they do. The 914th Airlift Wing Vision statement is, ‘‘Attain the highest state of readiness in sup-port of the nation and our community through the development of our Airmen to deliver ex-ceptional performance.’’ From the flight crew, to the maintenance crew, everyone must be fully prepared for whatever comes their way. In order for this to happen, they train effi-ciently, and regard safety as their top priority. I, along with Congressman H
IGGINS , applaud their accomplishment, and thank them for their relentless commitment and service to our country. 
f 
REMARKS IN OPPOSITION TO H.R. 1862 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in opposition of H.R. 1862, the Global Child Protection Act of 2017. Studies completed by the Centers for Dis-ease Control show that 1 in 4 women and 1 in 6 men are sexually abused before the age of 18. Furthermore, these numbers may not be completely accurate—acts of child sexual abuse are often not reported, and experts agree that incidence is higher than what is dis-covered by authorities. These acts can be det-rimental to youth, multiple studies have shown that child sexual abuse victims are twice as likely to develop mental health conditions. In my home state of Georgia, 800 children suf-fered from sexual abuse in 2015. As a member of the Congressional Missing and Exploited Children’s Caucus, I am in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 May 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30MY8.001 E30MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE742 May 30, 2017 
strong support of giving law enforcement any and every legal tool they need to protect chil-dren and punish abusers. However, as some-one who is passionate about criminal justice reform, I cannot support the current version of this bill. Crimes against children are pathetic and disgusting, and those who hurt children must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. While we want to protect these vulnerable in-dividuals, it is also important to consider the legal ramifications of this bill. We are consid-ering a bill that would impose a mandatory minimum sentence of life imprisonment in many cases. Repeat offenders should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. However, I do not believe that mandatory min-imum sentences are an effective solution. Congress does not know the facts of every case—but the judges will. That is why I do not support legally binding judges to give manda-tory sentences—but instead giving the judges the freedom to consider each option available. Again, I fully support the goal of this bill— punishing those who commit horrible crimes against children. However, if we are going to make such substantial changes to U.S. federal code, I believe that this bill requires more dis-cussion. In its current form, I cannot support H.R. 1862. I would encourage my colleagues to vote NAY on this resolution. 
f 
THE BALANCING TRADE ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the ‘‘Balancing Trade Act,’’ an im-portant bill that requires U.S. policy to take the trade deficit seriously. This legislation provides actionable steps to re-balance our trade deficits with countries with which we have a deficit of $10 billion or more for three consecutive years. Following the Trump administration’s recent Executive orders on U.S. trade policy, and recent letter to Congress to renegotiate NAFTA, this legis-lation offers actionable steps to the Adminis-tration. Bad trade deals have contributed to a loss of nearly 4 million American jobs and a deficit of $43.6 billion. President Trump promised a trade deal that would get Americans back to work and reduce our deficit. By prioritizing our worst trade deals, we are ensuring that some of these promises are met. An old adage reminds us: there are two kinds of failures: ‘‘by those who think and don’t do, and the other by those who don’t think and do.’’ Our ‘‘free trade’’ deals have been a major failure of the second order. Persistent, massive trade deficits are a drag on the U.S. economy and impair job creation. Now more than ever we need a trade policy that grows the economy and creates jobs in the United States. RECOGNIZING DAVID FLAUM HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate David Flaum on receiving the pres-tigious Rochester Rotary Award. Mr. Flaum currently serves as Chief Execu-tive Officer and President of Flaum Manage-ment Company, which he founded in 1985. He has dedicated his career to managing and de-veloping real estate, from retail centers to of-fice buildings and industrial facilities. Mr. Flaum has been directly involved in the res-toration of many commercial buildings in our region, which has created new jobs and con-tributed to the revitalization of our local econ-omy. In addition to his professional work, David and his wife, Ilene, have generously supported various charitable causes and organizations. Mr. and Mrs. Flaum established the Bob Witmer Campership Fund, which provides free summer camp experiences to underprivileged children, and the David and Ilene Flaum Eye Institute. Mr. Flaum is the 80th recipient of the Roch-ester Rotary Award, which is the oldest civic award in our area. The award is given to out-standing individuals who exemplify the motto, ‘‘Service Above Self’’ and make significant business, professional, cultural, or civic con-tributions to our community. There is no ques-tion that David embodies these ideals. His vi-sion, dedication, and generosity have made our region a better place to live and will con-tinue to benefit local families and businesses for years to come. It is a privilege to call David my friend. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating David Flaum on this well-deserved rec-ognition and wishing him all the best in his fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAE JEMISON FOR HER OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENTS AS AN ASTRO-NAUT AND SCIENTIST 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mae Jemison, a physician, scientist and astronaut whose pioneering career has furthered our understanding of the world around us. Dr. Jemison has achieved excel-lence across a number of disciplines as a re-sult of her hard work and perseverance. After receiving a medical degree from Cor-nell Medical College and completing her med-ical training, Dr. Jemison served as a Peace Corps Medical Officer, treating Peace Corps volunteers in Liberia and Sierra Leone. She was then accepted into NASA’s astronaut pro-gram in 1987, providing launch support and assistance until her space mission aboard the Space Shuttle Endeavor in September 1992. During her mission, Dr. Jemison conducted scientific experiments on bone cell research and the effects of weightlessness on the human body, which contributed to advance-ments in our understanding of life sciences. She then resigned in 1993 from NASA, and has since founded several companies, includ-ing BioSentient Corp. which develops treat-ments for chronic pain and stress disorders. Dr. Jemison has had an extraordinary ca-reer and has affected countless lives through her work. In addition to breaking down barriers as the first black woman in space, Dr. Jemison has utilized her medical background and business acumen to develop novel med-ical treatments for a variety of illnesses. She has also excelled in academia, working as a professor at Dartmouth and Cornell, and is the founder of the Dorothy Jemison Foundation for Excellence, a nonprofit that promotes science education initiatives. Collectively, Dr. Jemison has had an indelible impact on a variety of disciplines through her work, and she con-tinues to inspire new generations of scientists. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in hon-oring Dr. Mae Jemison for her outstanding ca-reer. Dr. Jemison’s work with NASA, in medi-cine and in business has impacted and in-spired countless individuals. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present at recorded votes due to medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on rollcall No. 283, YEA on rollcall No. 284, and YEA on rollcall No. 285. 
f 
REMARKS IN OPPOSITION TO H.R. 1842 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in opposition to H.R. 1842, the Strengthening Children’s Safety Act of 2017. Crimes against children are abhorrent, and those who commit them should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. In 2015, in my home state of Georgia, 22,163 children were victims of abuse. Eight hundred of those chil-dren were subjected to sexual abuse. I recog-nize the merits of H.R. 1842. However, as a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, I cannot support a bill which brings sweeping changes to Federal code without a thorough review process. This bill creates mandatory minimum sentences, which will effectively re-move discretion from the judges who should be making sentencing decisions—not Con-gress. This bill has good intentions, and as a mem-ber of the Congressional Missing and Ex-ploited Children’s Caucus, I am in favor of strengthening the laws that protect our na-tion’s children. However, this bill also enacts major changes in the criminal law, and I do not believe it is right for our committee to pass this bill without holding the appropriate hear-ings. I believe that the testimony of experts in the fields relevant to this bill would be of great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 May 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30MY8.003 E30MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE743 May 30, 2017 
use and would help ensure that this committee does not pass a bill that will impose unfair, mandatory sentences on individuals. This committee does not know the facts of every child abuse case—but the judge that hears those cases will. That is why I believe we should not bind judges to give mandatory minimum sentences. For this reason, I urge my colleagues to vote NAY on this resolution. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to an un-avoidable conflict, I missed the following vote on May 25. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 285. 
f 
SUPPORTING TAIWAN’S PARTICI-PATION IN WORLD HEALTH OR-GANIZATION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Taiwan’s true, meaningful partici-pation in the World Health Organization (WHO). It is unfortunate that, almost 13 years after Congress made it an annual requirement to have an unclassified report from the Secretary of State on the U.S. plan for Taiwan to gain observer status at the WHO, and eight years since Taiwan was first invited to the World Health Assembly (WHA)—the governing forum of the WHO—as an observer, it remains nec-essary for Members to again raise their voices on this issue. Since 2009, Taiwan has been allowed to at-tend the annual meeting of the WHA as an observer, but last year, its invitation was held up due to pressure the People’s Republic of China wished to place upon the incoming ad-ministration of Taiwan’s president, Tsai Ing- wen. The current WHO Director-General has shown hostility to Taipei before. When last year’s invitation arrived, it contained insulting, unnecessary language referring to the October 1971 UN General Assembly resolution replac-ing the United Nations delegation from Taipei with the delegation from Beijing, as the basis for Taiwan’s attendance. Additionally, the invi-tation stated that Taiwan’s participation should be conditioned on the ‘‘one-China’’ principle. This, too, was unnecessary, as President Tsai has stated Taiwan’s commitment to the status quo across the Taiwan Strait. This year’s WHA is currently taking place in Geneva. It began on May 22 and will conclude May 31. As of yet, no invitation has been issued to Taiwan. As my colleagues are aware, it is the stated policy of the United States, over successive administrations, that Taiwan should be allowed meaningful participation in international organi-zations where it cannot become a full mem-ber. I submit that Taiwan’s current level of par-ticipation is neither satisfactory, nor meaning-ful. Mr. Speaker, this situation is unacceptable. As an advanced democracy, economy, and society, with one of the most-developed health care systems in the world, a proven track record controlling infectious diseases, and a history of providing humanitarian relief, Taiwan has much to offer. Neither Taiwan, nor the international community, is served by restrict-ing Taiwan’s access to timely information and important resources. The situation necessitates that we reiterate our full support for Taiwan’s inclusion at the WHA and in the other work of the WHO. The WHO Secretariat should continue to uphold its independence and impartiality, and should not be at the service of any particular member state. I ask my colleagues to join me in en-couraging the administration to work with Tai-wan and our member friends at the WHO to secure Taiwan’s invitation and meaningful par-ticipation at the WHA now and in the future. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF INFORUM FOR ITS SUCCESS IN PROVIDING MENTORSHIP AND PROFES-SIONAL OPPORTUNITIES TO WOMEN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Inforum for its work on behalf of women. Since its founding 55 years ago, Inforum has provided effective mentorship and education opportunities for women throughout Michigan. Originally founded in 1962 as the Women’s Economic Club, the organization has grown and evolved over the years to meet its mission of empowering women to lead and succeed. Inforum hosts a variety of high-performing women leaders for lunches and roundtables to exchange ideas and foster leadership skills. Additionally, Inforum sponsors the Inforum Center for Leadership, an educational initiative that provides professional development through its training programs for mid-career women leaders. These include its Executive Leadership professional development pro-gram, a four-month program that combines in-dividual instruction, group exercises, and per-sonalized feedback to provide women with the skills to assume more senior and influential roles in their careers. Collectively, over 1,100 women have graduated from this program since its launch in 2003. Inforum has provided countless women with critical skills and training to succeed in the 21st century workforce. Its talent initiatives and programs provide targeted professional development to women of all backgrounds, in-cluding veterans and early-career women. As a result of its success, Inforum has expanded throughout Michigan to better serve its mem-bers. Today, the organization hosts additional branches in Lansing, Grand Rapids, the Sagi-naw/Bay City area and southwest Michigan. The growth of the Inforum Center for Leader-ship, along with its long track record of edu-cating and empowering women, is a testament to the organization’s success, and it is my hope that Inforum continues to effectively serve a broad range of women throughout their careers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Inforum for its record of providing career skills and training that allows women to achieve success. Inforum provides resources and hosts a variety of programs that provide professional development for women. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE BERKNER HIGH SCHOOL ORCHESTRA 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize several important people in the Richard-son Independent School District music com-munity: First, the students and band directors of the Lloyd V. Berkner High School Full Or-chestra under the leadership of Craig Need-ham and Jason Schayot for receiving an invi-tation to the 2016 Midwest International Band and Orchestra Clinic in Chicago, Illinois; sec-ond, the Liberty Junior High School Sym-phonic Band under the direction of Christopher Pineda for receiving an invitation to be a guest performing band at the Midwest Clinic, hosted by Berkner High School alumnus and out-standing music educator, Frank Ticheli; and, third, Frank Troyka, a Former Head Band Di-rector at Berkner High School, nationally re-nowned clinician, music educator, and teach-er, for his induction into the 2016 Bands of America Hall of Fame, which recognizes indi-viduals who have greatly impacted the nation’s bands and music education. Again, congratu-lations for your outstanding achievement and national recognition. 
f 
IN HONOR OF INVENTORS MONTH, MAY 2017 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-mind my colleagues that May is National In-ventors Month. It’s a special privilege to do so as Co-Chair of the Congressional Inventions Caucus. Our Founders were aware of the importance of invention and inventors, enshrining inven-tion and protecting the rights of inventors across the country in Article 1, Section 8 of our Constitution. This not only has served the purpose of protecting one’s exclusive property rights, it also has achieved the Founders’ goal of stimulating ‘‘progress in science and useful arts.’’ From the beginning, invention has driven forward progress for our country and helped elevate American innovators to the forefront of the world stage. This has benefited not only our country but the world—curing disease, ex-tending life and bringing joy and opportunity to billions. Without patents and other protections, pro-tected in our Constitution and laws at every letter, this innovation could not be possible. As President Abraham Lincoln, himself a patent- holder, put it, our patent system adds the fuel of interest to the fire of genius. Our country has a rich legacy of inventors who have combatted some of history’s great-est challenges and used their unique gifts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 May 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30MY8.008 E30MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE744 May 30, 2017 
upend the workings of the world. American innovators like Edison, Bell, George Wash-ington Carver and the Wright Brothers have become household names across the country. On top of that, well-known inventions from the Internet to the garage owe themselves to the American spirit. American innovation and ingenuity is a foun-dation for our nation’s prosperity. This National Inventors Month, I hope we will all consider the contribution inventors have made to our nation. IN CELEBRATION OF ROBERT IAN MALONEY ON HIS GRADUATION 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to pay tribute to Robert ‘‘Ian’’ Maloney. Ian is a May 2017 graduate of Georgetown Preparatory School. Georgetown Preparatory School is the world’s oldest Catholic and Jesuit school for boys. Ian’s time at Georgetown Preparatory School closes the chapter on a stellar high school career. At Prep, Ian maintained a four year ‘‘A’’ average and was recognized as a National Hispanic Scholar, a member of the National Honor So-ciety, and President of the Black Student As-sociation. Volunteer work, tutoring inner city students, renovating homes for Habitat for Hu-manity, feeding homeless families at Thanks-giving were but a few of his selfless commu-nity activities. Aside from academics, Ian has also been a scholar athlete, lettering in tennis and leading as Captain of the Varsity team. In fact recently, Ian was certified by the inter-nationally recognized Professional Tennis Registry as an Instructor. As the chapter closes on Georgetown Prep, it opens for Ian at Brown University. Of the 32,720 students who applied to Brown Univer-sity’s class of 2021, Ian was accepted early decision. According to the Dean of Admission, ‘‘this admitted student group is extraordinary in every way. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, Robert ‘‘Ian’’ Maloney is ex-traordinary in ‘‘every way.’’ He is a young man of integrity, intellectual excellence, and caring for others. Please join me in saluting Ian and wishing him every success as he brings great pride to his family and our country as a mem-ber of the Brown University class of 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 May 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30MY8.013 E30MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
D595 Tuesday, May 30, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 7:00:20 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 7:00:45 a.m. until 9 a.m., on Friday, June 2, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 2762–2768, were introduced.
     Page H4618 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4618 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4617 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:03 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 2, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30MY7.REC D30MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD596 May 30, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9 a.m., Friday, June 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10:30 a.m., Friday, June 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in a pro forma session at 10:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Collins, Chris, N.Y., E741 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E743 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E741 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E741, E742, E743 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E743 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E741, E742, E744 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E742 Nolan, Richard M., Minn., E742 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E742 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E743 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E743 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30MY7.REC D30MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST