Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank the members of the Kingwood, New Jersey, Rescue Squad for helping a community in need recover from Hurricane Harvey. After Harvey, many in the Houston area were without cell phone service, stranded by the rising waters, and lacking necessary means of communications to call authorities for help. One family in Kingwood, Texas, without cell reception but with a wireless internet connection made the savvy decision to see if they could contact rescue services by email. They used an internet search to locate the necessary authorities to coordinate their rescue. Their internet search yielded the name Kingwood Rescue Squad—not their Kingwood, but Kingwood in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Fortunately, the members of the New Jersey Kingwood Rescue Squad acted quickly to contact their partners in Texas to ensure that rescue services would be able to find and rescue the Texas family. They are now safe due to the coordinated efforts between the Kingwood, New Jersey, Rescue Squad and their respective partners in Texas. I wish to thank the members of the squad for their service and express my gratitude that there are such fine and capable first responders located in the district I serve. f 
CONTINUE FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, for more than 50 years, community health centers across the United States have delivered affordable, accessible, and quality primary healthcare to patients regardless of their ability to pay. They care for the whole person, bringing together medical and behavioral health with pharmacy services. In my district, I have seen the important work that goes on at community health centers in Massachusetts, in Lowell, Lawrence, Gardner, and Fitchburg. In 2016, these facilities and their staff cared for more than 100,000 people. Unfortunately, community health centers are facing a funding cliff if the Community Health Center program is not reauthorized by the end of this year. A lack of funding means too many of my constituents would immediately lose access to care, putting the health of our communities at risk. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work together and make sure this vital program is funded. f 
HONORING ALBERTO ‘‘BETO’’ GONZALES DURING HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH (Mr. BACON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to commemorate Hispanic Heritage Month by honoring a dedicated community leader from our district, Alberto ‘‘Beto’’ Gonzales, whose work with the youth of our Hispanic community serves as a shining example for current and future generations. Mr. Gonzales grew up in the Hispanic neighborhoods of South Omaha but, unfortunately, fell into drugs and alcohol and was part of a street gang by the age of 11. At the age of 23, Alberto met Sister Joyce Englert, who helped him learn about Christ and get off drugs permanently. As a result, Beto committed his life to helping youth. Beto runs youth drug and alcohol treatment groups, outreach with schools, and served as a Boys Town crisis hotline counselor. Today, he serves 
as an Omaha Police Department gang prevention and intervention specialist and a youth counselor for the South Omaha Boys and Girls Club. Through these efforts, Alberto Gonzales has touched and changed the lives of hundreds, if not thousands, of youths in the Hispanic community. Alberto gives credit to God; his mother, who always prayed for him; Sister Joyce; and the many educators and professionals who encouraged him along the way. 
REPEALING DACA IS WRONG AND UNAMERICAN (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of the 800,000 DREAMers and in strong opposition to the administration’s decision to end DACA. The President’s decision neither reflects the values nor protects the interests of our Nation. Rather, termination of the DACA program will needlessly disrupt lives, separate families, harm communities, and hurt employers. These fine people came to this country as children with their families from around the world, from Mexico, South America, South Korea, and India. They grew up in our neighborhoods, attended our schools, and, with their friends, drafted extraordinary dreams and aspirations for their future. This is the only country they know. Their faces are the face of America. Their dreams are the American Dream. President Trump’s decision to repeal DACA is wrong and unAmerican. Mr. Speaker, these young men and women want nothing more than to make a positive contribution to our Nation’s future, and they trusted our government to do right by them. It is now up to Congress to do just that. It is long past time for this body to pass the DREAM Act and empower these DREAMers to live their lives and achieve their aspirations in confidence. 
CONGRATULATING SHAWNEE COMMUNITY COLLEGE ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. BOST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Shawnee Community College, located in Ullin, Illinois, for its 50th anniversary. For half a century, Shawnee College has provided opportunities for quality higher education, community education, training, and services that are accessible, affordable, and promote lifelong learning. The college is cutting edge and provides training programs that incorporate the most recent technologies to meet the everchanging needs of students and the local economy. I visited the community college last month and met with the faculty and their directors, and their passion is clear. Congratulations to Shawnee College President Dr. Peggy Bradford, faculty, staff, and students on 50 years of excellence. I know that more than 50 years from now they will still be working and providing for the students of southern Illinois. f 
WE STAND WITH THE DREAMers (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, since the President’s decision last week to end the DACA program, DREAMers across the country have lived each day in fear. I have heard that fear from my constituents in Illinois, which hosts the fourth largest DACA population in the country. One of my constituents came to this country when he was 3. Now 23 years old, he is a university student, works at the local senior center, and he helps out in his father’s small business on the weekends. In his letter to me, he said: ‘‘It is during these trying times that each one of us demonstrates who we are and what we truly stand for.’’ I couldn’t agree more. That is why I urge Speaker RYANand my colleagues on both sides to pass the Dream Act. Passing the Dream Act will show our country’s DREAMers that we stand with them and that we believe in their promise. It will also show who we are and what we truly stand for. 
RECOGNIZING BUCKS COUNTY FARMER OF THE YEAR, BRIAN BAHNCK (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bucks County’s Farmer of the Year, Brian Bahnck, of the Pennywell Dairy Farm in Ottsville, the winner of this year’s Fred Groshens Memorial Conservation Farmer Award for his use of conservationfocused management on his 77acre property. By using notill crop rotation, Brian grew crops without disturbing the soil through tillage or plowing, a practice that can reduce soil erosion by 85 to 95 percent. Brian, along with his two daughters, Anna and Ella, have dedicated long hours and hard work to make his conservation farm a success. I am proud of the efforts of Brian and his family for their commitment to protect the natural resources in Bucks County. I also want to thank Gretchen Schatschneider and Rachel Onuska at the Bucks County Conservation District and our county commissioners for their longstanding support of our natural resources. We have a proud tradition in Bucks County, and our farmers have contributed so much to our community, and they will always remain an indispensable part of Bucks County’s future. f 
ENDING DACA IS CONTRARY TO AMERICAN VALUES (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, by ending DACA, President Trump made our immigration system less fair and just for our young people. These DREAMers study in our schools and work on our Main Streets. They are Americans, and the United States is their home. It makes no sense to deport them simply because of the actions of their parents. This decision is so contrary to our American values that even business leaders and faith leaders called on the President not to do it. My grandmother came to this country from Jamaica as a domestic worker and, for a period of time, was undocumented. She did this so that my father could become the first member of our family to go to college. He repaid his mother and this country by becoming a doctor and working in some of the poorest neighborhoods near where I grew up. My father pursued the American Dream and, in turn, contributed to the greatness that is America. Kicking these DREAMers out won’t create jobs or make our neighborhoods safer. That is why we must pass the Dream Act. It is the right thing to do for our economic competitiveness, military readiness, and public safety. We have legitimate disagreements on how to fix our immigration system, but let’s not hold our DREAMers hostage. It is time for Congress to pass the Dream Act now. 
MEDIA BLACKOUT (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, here are recent examples of the liberal national media’s ignoring inconvenient news: The economy grew by 3 percent last quarter, the fastest pace in years, but you might not know this good news because of the media blackout of the story by broadcast networks. The media blackout extended to a story by The New York Times on a current Senator’s corruption trial, which failed to mention he was a Democrat in a 1,200word story. The media hyped the claim that climate change was responsible for Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, but the media blacked out the fact that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said that hurricanes are not increasing in intensity or frequency. This is what the liberal media do: they ignore the facts that contradict 
the liberal view they want to promote with their readers and viewers. 
LET’S TRY AND MAKE AMERICA FAIRER (Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the passage of the Dream Act, and I request my Democratic and Republican colleagues to stand together to try and address this very important issue in our country. The issue of undocumented immigrants has been plaguing this country for almost 30 years now, going back to the 1980s, when people flowed over in the thousands from El Salvador during the death squads and the civil wars during that time. As the mayor of the city of Glen Cove back in the 1990s, we dealt with this issue in my city, on one side people saying, ‘‘Get those people out of here,’’ on the other side people saying, ‘‘They are just trying to live the American Dream like your father did.’’ My father emigrated from Italy. I am a firstgeneration American. ‘‘They are just trying to live the American Dream like your family did, trying to work hard and live a better life here in this country.’’ When dealing with these difficult questions, we have to rely on the fundamental principles of this country, namely, that all men and women are created equal—not all men and women with a green card or all men and women with a passport, but all men and women are created equal and are entitled to be treated with human respect and dignity. When looking at the DREAMers, we are talking about people who came to this country under 17 years of age, who have lived a productive life, who have either graduated from high school or received a GED and have now either gone to college or are serving in the military or have been working for the past 3 years and have no criminal background. Let’s try and make this country fairer. Let’s try and make ourselves the model for the rest of the world to follow and lift up these people who are productive members of our community. 
b0915 CRIMINAL ALIEN GANG MEMBER REMOVAL ACT Mr. LABRADOR. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 513, I call up the bill (H.R. 3697) to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act with respect to aliens associated with criminal gangs, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). Pursuant to House Resolution 513, the amendment printed in House Report 115–307 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 3697 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORTABILITY FOR ALIEN GANG MEMBERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF GANG MEMBER .—Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) The term ‘criminal gang’ means an ongoing group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more persons that has as one of its primary purposes the commission of 1 or more of the following criminal offenses and the members of which engage, or have engaged within the past 5 years, in a continuing series of such offenses, or that has been designated as a criminal gang by the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, as meeting these criteria. The offenses described, whether in violation of Federal or State law or foreign law and regardless of whether the offenses occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, are the following: ‘‘(A) A ‘felony drug offense’ (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)). ‘‘(B) An offense under section 274 (relating to bringing in and harboring certain aliens), section 277 (relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States), or section 278 (relating to importation of alien for immoral purpose). ‘‘(C) A crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code). ‘‘(D) A crime involving obstruction of justice, tampering with or retaliating against a witness, victim, or informant, or burglary. ‘‘(E) Any conduct punishable under sections 1028 and 1029 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents or access devices), sections 1581 through 1594 of such title (relating to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons), section 1951 of such title (relating to interference with commerce by threats or violence), section 1952 of such title (relating to interstate and foreign travel or transportation in aid of racketeering enterprises), section 1956 of such title (relating to the laundering of monetary instruments), section 1957 of such title (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity), or sections 2312 through 2315 of such title (relating to interstate transportation of stolen motor vehicles or stolen property). ‘‘(F) A conspiracy to commit an offense described in subparagraphs (A) through (E).’’. (b) INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) ALIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—Any alien is inadmissible who a consular officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Attorney General knows or has reason to believe— ‘‘(i) to be or to have been a member of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)); or ‘‘(ii) to have participated in the activities of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)), knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, further, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang.’’. (c) DEPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) ALIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—Any alien is deportable who— ‘‘(i) is or has been a member of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)); or ‘‘(ii) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang (as so defined), knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, further, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang.’’. (d) DESIGNATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended by inserting after section 219 the following: ‘‘
DESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANG  ‘‘SEC. 220. (a) D ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, may designate a group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more persons as a criminal gang if the Secretary finds that their conduct is described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(2) PROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) NOTIFICATION .—Seven days before making a designation under this subsection, the Secretary shall, by classified communication, notify the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 517 (On Passage of H.R. 3697), 528 (On Passage of H.R. 3354), and 529 (On Passage of H.R. 3284) I did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on all three votes. 
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed votes on Thursday, September 14, 2017. I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 516, ‘‘no’’ on vote 517, ‘‘no’’ on vote 518, ‘‘no’’ on vote 519, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 520, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 521, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 522, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 523, ‘‘no’’ on vote 524, ‘‘no’’ on vote 525, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 526, ‘‘yes’’ on vote 527, ‘‘no’’ on vote 528, and ‘‘yes’’ on vote 529. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I am unable to vote as I am in Florida assisting Floridians in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 526 (Jackson Lee Amendment No. 223). ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 527 (MTR). ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 528 (H.R. 3354). ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 529 (H.R. 3284). 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLUTION OF INQUIRY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY Mr. BRADY of Texas, from the Committee on Ways and Means, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–309) on the resolution (H. Res. 479) of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax return information of President Donald J. Trump as well as the tax returns of each business entity disclosed by Donald J. Trump on his Office of Government Ethics Form 278e, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE ON 1MONTH ANNIVERSARY OF CHARLOTTESVILLE TRAGEDY (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, today, I am joined by my colleagues from Virginia. As you know, Mr. Speaker, this past Tuesday marked the 1month anniversary since we lost three Virginians in Charlottesville. Today, my colleagues and I stand here to observe a moment of silence in honor of Heather Heyer of Charlottesville, Virginia; Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen of Midlothian, Virginia; and TrooperPilot Berke M.M. Bates of Quinton, Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House now observe a moment of silence. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 2017, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 2017 Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 3, 2017, regarding morninghour debate not apply on that day. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BIGGS). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
WE MUST NAME OUR ENEMY (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, 16 years ago today, atop a pile of rubble that just 3 days before stood tall as the World Trade Center, President Bush proclaimed to a hurting Nation: ‘‘I can hear you, the rest of the world hears you.’’ With bullhorn in hand and arm wrapped around a firefighter, he added: ‘‘And the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon.’’ That same day, Congress passed an Authorization for Use of Military Force to combat international terrorism. Today, that fight still continues, yet the international community has refused to define terrorism. How are we, and other nations, to fight a war against something that we cannot even define? Today, I am introducing the Define it to Fight it Act, a bill that withholds 10 percent of our contributions to the United Nations until they are willing to define national terrorism, the very thing that they are supposed to be fighting. To fulfill President Bush’s promise, we must name our enemy and then make sure they hear us loud and clear, not just for our lifetime, but for generations to come. 
HONORING CORPORAL FRANK LOUIS GARGUIOLO (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, with POW/MIA Recognition Day on September 15, I rise to honor Corporal Frank Louis Garguiolo, a veteran of, and prisoner of war during, the Second World War. He embodies the best of the Greatest Generation. The son of immigrants, Frank was born in 1923, the youngest of seven siblings. He grew up in Cheektowaga and attended Buffalo schools. Tragedy struck young, and Frank’s father passed away when he was just 12. Frank then went to work to support his mother and family. At 19, Frank enlisted in the United States Army, serving with the 3rd Infantry Division. His tour saw him through many major battles in North Africa and Europe. Corporal Garguiolo was captured by Axis forces and subjected to brutal forced labor for over half a year. Eventually, he was rescued by his brothers in arms from the 3rd Infantry Division. Today, at age 94, Frank is a fixture in his community and happily lives in the same house his father built. Mr. Speaker, we must do everything we can to bring our heroes home so they can live out their lives like Corporal Garguiolo has. f 
KEYS RECOVERY (Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I left Washington last week to be with my family and community as Hurricane Irma headed straight toward south Florida. Some in the lower and middle Keys lost everything to the storm’s 130mile perhour winds and 10foot storm surge. Some lost their lives. But with the Keys’ tourismbased economy currently at a standstill, perhaps the greatest devastation will be the financial strain on individuals, families, and small entrepreneurs. But there is hope. Conchs are resilient and generous people. It will be a long road, but coordinated local, State, and Federal resources have ensured the Keys recovery is already underway. I have returned to Washington briefly to urge my colleagues to support two critical needs here in Congress: longterm, robust funding of FEMA, and a tax relief package for those trying to rebuild and recover after disasters like Hurricanes Irma and Harvey. Mr. Speaker, this can happen to any district or community. Whether it is a hurricane, wildfire, or earthquake, we have a responsibility to come together when large groups of Americans are in desperate need. I look forward to working with my colleagues to do just that. 
DISABILITY RIGHTS (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act, which recently passed out of the Judiciary Committee. 
For 27 years, the Americans with Disabilities Act has made a difference in millions of lives, including my own, by prohibiting discrimination on the basis of a disability and requiring accessibility in places of public accommodation. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 620 decimates the underlying intent of the ADA by allowing entities to wait before addressing barriers to access. It would roll back years of progress, and it sends a message to the disability community that we are not worthy of being included like everyone else. I urge my colleagues to consider the true implications of this policy. Mr. Speaker, I was injured in 1980, a full 10 years before the ADA was enacted. I remember what our country was like before the ADA. I do not wish to go back. Instead of weakening our civil rights, let us work together to protect them. 
b1215 CONGRATULATING ACCUWEATHER ON ITS 55TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate AccuWeather as it celebrates 55 years of serving communities, businesses, and institutions around the world. In 1962, Dr. Joel Myers founded AccuWeather to help people plan their lives, protect their businesses, and to make the most of their days. Dr. Myers has led an impressive career as a fellow of the National Meteorological Society and one of the top entrepreneurs in American history. Today, AccuWeather is the world’s largest weather and digital media company, reaching nearly 2 billion people at least 29 million times each day. Proudly, it is headquartered right in State College, Pennsylvania. Throughout the years, the company has expanded its offices to New York, Montreal, and Tokyo, just to name a few, but it has always called Pennsylvania home, and it has been a major employer for decades in the Commonwealth. Over 55 years, AccuWeather continues to build upon its main mission: to improve people’s lives. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate AccuWeather on 55 years of service, accuracy, trust, and protection they have offered to people around the world. 
RAISING AWARENESS FOR CENTRAL COAST VETERANS CEMETERY (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a group of veterans from the 20th Congressional District in California: Rick ‘‘Phin’’ Phinney, Steve ‘‘Pops’’ Culver, and Hy ‘‘Crash’’ Libby, the three ‘‘black sheep’’ from the American Legion Post 31, who are about to complete an epic motorcycle ride across our country to raise awareness and financial support for the Central Coast Veterans Cemetery. Two weeks ago, I met and sent off the three riders and their crew at the Central Coast Veterans Cemetery, and tomorrow, all of them will arrive at the Arlington National Cemetery. Throughout that epic ride, they have been carrying a large American flag, and once they get here, that flag will be flown over the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. The veterans will then return that flag to Central Coast Veterans Cemetery where it will be proudly flown over that hallowed ground. Having driven 10,000 miles through 21 States, the three black sheep will truly have an epic ride. From our community’s veteran cemetery there on the central Coast to our Nation’s veterans’ cemetery here in our Capital, this journey will not only support the Central Coast Veterans Cemetery, it will serve as another demonstration of what our veterans do best: serve those who serve our Nation. And for that, I not only recognize Phin, Pops, and Crash, I honor them and I thank them, once again, for their service. f 
PULMONARY FIBROSIS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to September being National Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month and the bipartisan resolution that I and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) have introduced. Pulmonary fibrosis is an incurable lung disease that impacts 200,000 Americans, and for whose who aren’t familiar with it, you may be surprised to learn that the mortality rate for those with pulmonary fibrosis is as high as those with breast cancer. It kills one American every 13 minutes—40,000 Americans die each and every year. There is no known cure, and there is no known reliable treatment to relieve its symptoms nor prolong the life of its victims. Eighty percent of those who contract pulmonary fibrosis do not live more than 5 years after receiving that diagnosis, and the median survival rate is just half that time. Mr. Speaker, I will continue my efforts in working with the National Institutes of Health as well as patient advocacy groups to find a cure for this deadly disease. 
UNITED UNDER THE DREAM ACT (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, too often we hear about our country being divided, and yet when it comes to the Dream Act, the message is clear: our country is united. A wide majority of Americans and nearly 70 percent of Republicans want us to pass this legislation. They want us to provide permanent legal status to DREAMers—800,000 people who are working hard, studying in our universities, contributing to our economy, and serving in our military. Mr. Speaker, I demand that we bring up the Dream Act for a vote. We cannot force these young people, who have received DACA, to wait any longer to know that America wants them to live here. f 
THANKING ALL WHO RESPONDED TO HELP AFTER HURRICANE IRMA (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, this week, Hurricane Irma brought devastation to south Florida and many parts of the Southeastern United States, including the 12th District of Georgia. In times of disaster, Americans come together and show their love and support for one another, and I thank all of our first responders, law enforcement, our military, and Good Samaritans for their extraordinary service in this time of need. Your selflessness saved countless lives in this unprecedented storm. I thank Governor Deal, President Trump, and FEMA, and all 19 counties in the 12th District of Georgia that were included in the Federal emergency declaration authorizing FEMA to provide direct Federal resources to our district. Visit disasterassistance.gov to learn about the options available to you. It is the greatest honor of my life to represent the people of Georgia’s 12th Congressional District, and my office is here to help in any way we can. If you need any help in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma, please do not hesitate to reach out. America is resilient. The American people are resilient when we come together as one, and now we must assess the damage and help each other rebuild our communities. 
PROTECTING DREAMERS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, DREAMers are bright, hardworking people who simply want to live in peace and contribute to the only country they know as home. They worship in our churches, serve as teachers and nurses in our schools and hospitals, and some even defend our country in the military. Additionally, every DACA recipient passed extensive background checks 
and came forward to register with the Federal Government. There is no security reason that DREAMers should not stay and continue contributing to our community and our local economies. There is no way to disguise that their deportation would just be the worst of what our country is all about. We have to protect them. Being Members of Congress, it is so important that we step up, that we answer the call, and that we offer these young people the opportunity to continue to stay in our country, continue to work, go to school, and contribute so much because they have already given our country so much. I urge my Republican colleagues to work with House Democrats to immediately pass the Dream Act. It is the only way we can provide peace of mind to nearly 150,000 DACA recipients in my home State of Texas. 
CONGRATULATING MISS NORTH DAKOTA CARA MUND (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Miss North Dakota Cara Mund, who was crowned Miss America last Sunday. A native of Bismarck, Cara made history in our State when she became the first North Dakotan to be crowned Miss America. Throughout the competition, Cara shared her desire to make her home State proud, and boy did she do that, encouraging others to follow their dreams, saying: ‘‘ . . . it doesn’t matter where you come from geographically.’’ When asked what she hoped to gain from her year as Miss America, Cara said she is focused on what she can do for others. Cara has been giving back for years, having raised more than $78,000 for the MakeAWish Foundation through her Passion for Fashion Show that she founded when she was just 14 years old. As she travels the United States, I know she will inspire and impress everyone she comes in contact with. This former Capitol Hill intern plans to attend law school, become the first woman Governor of North Dakota, and perhaps even represent her State in Congress one day. I hope she waits a while. But anyway, Kris and I join all North Dakotans in congratulating our new Miss America. We are proud of you, Cara, and we look forward to hearing the positive message you are going to be sharing throughout this Nation throughout the next year. 
PROVIDING CRITICAL FINANCIAL AID (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of half a million students across the country who will lose access to critical financial aid without action by Congress. Perkins loans are an important resource for low and middleincome students. A majority of those receiving this aid come from families with household incomes less than $30,000 a year. In my district alone, this program is used by students at Clarkson, Paul Smith’s College, and SUNY Potsdam, SUNY Canton, and SUNY Plattsburgh. Without congressional action, these students will lose access to these important loans after September 30 when this program expires. I have introduced H.R. 2482, the Perkins Loan Program Extension Act, that will reauthorize this aid for two more years. I have been grateful to receive support from 160 bipartisan cosponsors. Mr. Speaker, we must ensure that lowincome students have access to a quality education, and the Perkins Loan Program is a critical tool to help them succeed. I urge the House to swiftly pass my bill before the end of the month. f 
RESTORING THE RULE OF LAW IN AMERICA (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government’s first duty is to protect its citizens. For too long, dangerous gangs like MS–13 have exploited our Nation’s immigration laws and made our communities less safe. Hoosiers are tired of it, and it is well past time to crack down on this illegal activity and restore the rule of law in America. Today, the House passed a commonsense reform that does just that, ensuring violent gangs are kept off our streets. The Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act would allow law enforcement to detain and deport criminal alien gang members who pose a serious threat to our safety. Instead of waiting on another tragedy, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement could remove these criminals before they have a chance to harm innocent Americans. The bill would also prevent these criminals from ever entering the United States again. It is really just common sense. This bill will make America safer, and it is worthy of our support. 
CONGRATULATING JOHNSON CITY ON ITS 125TH ANNIVERSARY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 125th anniversary of the village of Johnson City in Broome County. Founded in 1892, Johnson City was first named Lestershire. The village was later renamed Johnson City in honor of George F. Johnson, a factory worker who rose through the ranks at the EndicottJohnson Shoe Company, a local manufacturing firm started in Binghamton in 1854. Under Johnson’s leadership, EndicottJohnson evolved into an economic hub in the region. Through the square deal and his generosity to both the community and his employees, George Johnson played a pivotal role in shaping Johnson City into the village we know today. Part of the TriCities, Johnson City is now home to over 15,000 people and will soon be home to Binghamton University’s School of Pharmacy. On behalf of the entire 22nd District, I extend my sincerest congratulations to Johnson City on this landmark anniversary. f 
BUREAU OF RECLAMATION MUST EXPLAIN IMPROPER USE OF FUNDS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, a recent Federal audit found that the Obama administration improperly used, via the Bureau of Reclamation, $84 million on California Governor Jerry Brown’s pet project, the Delta tunnels. In planning, this is a project that would transfer water from northern California, where my district is, to southern California. This comes after years of assurance that no tax dollars would be spent on the Governor’s controversial legacy project, nor was there even an appropriation made by Congress to do so, and that is where the problem is. It is the illegal use of Federal dollars in the planning of this project. Taxpayers ended up paying for a large portion of this project’s planning costs without their knowledge and, again, without Congress’ authorization, which is obviously unacceptable. The Bureau of Reclamation needs to explain to Congress how and why this happened, and the employees and the appointees who carried it out must be held responsible. More importantly, California needs to repay every penny to the Federal Government and the taxpayers of the other 49 States for this illegal use and improper use. Mr. Speaker, this is not a small thing. Congress and the American people need to know what is happening with this and not be lied to. 
b1230 TRIBUTE TO PAT HILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minority leader. (Mr. RUSH asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an activist, a crusader, an educator, a warrior in the fight for civil rights, and an American heroine, Ms. Patricia Hill. For those who did not know Pat Hill, who passed away earlier this week, she was many things. She was an athlete, an educator, and a former Chicago police officer, just to name a few of her endeavors. She was the eldest daughter of Lucille Fleming and Hercules Richardson. Pat Hill was an early track star. As a member of Chicago’s Mayor Daley’s Youth Foundation’s track team, she was mentored by Olympians Willye White and Ira Murchison; and Pat missed making the 1968 U.S. Olympic Team by onequarter of an inch. Her athleticism and pioneering spirit extended beyond the track, Mr. Speaker. Pat Hill was also a trailblazer in women’s professional basketball when she joined the Chicago Debs in the early 1970s. After completing her college degree, Pat Hill shared her love and knowledge of sports by becoming a physical education teacher in the Chicago Public Schools. She held that position until she left to become a member of the Chicago Police Department, where she would rise to work with one of Chicago’s other trailblazers as a bodyguard for the late Chicago mayor, Harold Washington. Mr. Speaker, even before Pat Hill became a member of the Chicago Police Department, she had been inspired by the work of the AfroAmerican Patrolmen’s League to uncover the truth behind the murder of my dear friend, Fred Hampton, in the late 1960s. After Pat became a member of the Chicago Police Department, she worked with the AfroAmerican Patrolmen’s League to improve minority hiring and women’s inclusion, and, ultimately, she rose as the executive director of the AAPL. After Pat retired as a police officer, she served as a lecturer at the Northeastern Illinois University’s Carruthers Center for Inner City Studies, where she would take classes to, among many places, Selma, Alabama, to ensure that the lessons and experiences of Bloody Sunday and others will never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, it is very difficult for me to summarize the life and accomplishments of an individual like Ms. Patricia Hill in a few short moments, but, suffice it to say, the city and the people of Chicago, and the people all across this Nation are forever dedicated to Pat Hill for the strides she made on behalf of all of us. Mr. Speaker, my family and I are personally indebted to Ms. Patricia Hill for the decadeslong friendship and love that she shared with my late wife, Carolyn, and my entire family. Pat, while we are saddened by your departure and saddened that you are no longer with us in the Earth realm, we know that you have a better seat than all of us and that you are in a better place. We find comfort in the Bible, as written in the book of Matthew 5:4, that says: ‘‘Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.’’ Mr. Speaker, I rise today and honor Ms. Pat Hill—my friend, my family’s friend, and a great American. We truly are comforted because we truly know that Pat Hill is blessed, and we are blessed also. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HURRICANE IRMA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for his inspiring words. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to update the House on what has occurred in Florida after the aftermath of Hurricane Irma. First, I want to start by thanking so many Members of Congress for supporting a package that doubled from $7 billion to $15 billion, the emergency relief. Not only was it so critical for the great State of Texas, but it was absolutely essential for anticipating the effects that Irma would have on the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Florida, Georgia, up through South Carolina, and southeast United States. When I arrived back on Friday—you know how important it is to go back to your district when there is a crisis on hand—I saw people taking the notice of evacuation seriously. I saw people stocking up on gas, stocking up on water, stocking up their cupboards, making sure to be ready. While it was initially supposed to hit the southeastern portion of Florida, as you know, these predictions can be somewhat accurate, which is why we always need to be sure to always prepare, whether you think you are in the eye of the storm or not. Because, in fact, after it went through the central Keys and leveled a lot of Marathon and other central Keys islands, it hit southwest Florida. The eye went right through the NaplesFort Myers area, and a lot of those folks are still struggling with that. It actually went up through the western center of the State, through the western portion of my district in Polk County, as well as Hillsborough County, Pasco County, and other areas, and then finally going up through the Big Bend. That night, the wind was so loud and the rain was so hard that you couldn’t even hear the trees snapping. When I woke up the next day, I knew it was bad, but, to my surprise, there were trees down everywhere. Right outside our door, right down the street, in Osceola, Orange, and Polk Counties—all the counties that I represent—one of the first initial acts of courage that I saw was neighborhood folks with nice F–150s, chainsaws, and all of this construction equipment, volunteering their time to get these major trees out of the roads. We saw that throughout Kissimmee, east Orlando, Winter Haven, Haines City, Lake Wales, and so many areas, like St. Cloud, that I represent. That debris removal that the State was approved for by FEMA is going to make sure, now that those trees are on the sidewalk or they are on the median, that they are going to get picked up. It is going to be so critical that we have that either 75 or 90 percent reimbursement for debris removal to make sure that these neighborhoods can come back to normal. One of the other impacts of having all of these trees down, since we haven’t had a hurricane with major winds since 2004, was that it absolutely decimated the power grid. If our fellow Members remember nothing else about what I have to say here today, it is that our power grid was absolutely annihilated—the worst that Duke Energy, FP&L, and municipal electricity providers like KUA and OUC said they have seen in their history. There are people that are without power now—several hundred thousand—and it is primarily because we saw so many of these trees go down on power lines. When I went through my district, I saw rivers swell to floods. We saw worse in Harvey—far worse flooding in Harvey. We know with the supplemental FEMA packages that we are going to have to take care of Texas and Louisiana. But there are areas that are still under water as of yesterday, as of last night, and as of this morning. A few of them in east Orlando, where the Econlockhatchee River swelled over into the swamps and over into apartment buildings. There were still, unfortunately, some UCF students that needed to evacuate; and I think, after the firefighters got there with the fire trucks, they heeded that warning. I saw in Kissimmee flooding in the Mill Slough area. The slough flooded over. And we saw in Buenaventura Lakes flooding in the streets in many neighborhoods. I witnessed folks throughout the area in mobile homes suffer pretty extreme damage in certain areas of Polk County. I commend FEMA for allowing these counties and many others on the central and southern part of the State to get the designation of individual assistance. These folks are still without power—many of them worried about the dangers that are still going on. So to know that the Federal Government—Congress—has their back is absolutely a hope that they can hang on to as they sit day after day without 
power, slowly but surely getting back on their feet. I will be having outreach events throughout the district. Some of my fellow peers who went through Harvey have suggested that it is critical to have these, not only major FEMA centers, but ones that are embedded in the various neighborhoods, because some people have trouble getting gas and transporting around, and have trouble through mass transit getting to some of these major centers. b1245 So we will be following the cue of others, our brothers and sisters in Houston, by having localized FEMA outreach centers in the district, and I look forward to hosting some of those this week. Throughout the State, we see the Federal and State government working hand in hand with our local governments. It is key that we are going to need a supplemental package for Texas, parts of Louisiana, Florida, the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and parts of Georgia and South Carolina. I know that Congress, like last Friday, will hopefully come together to pass that package. One of the things that we are going to need to do going forward is continue encouraging local governments and utilities to harden their infrastructure. We in the Federal Government should be promoting and matching funds with those utilities that are going to put their power lines underground. The cost of keeping them up aboveground is going to continue to exacerbate these disasters. Just understanding by the numbers, we had one of the largest evacuations in the Nation’s history. Nearly 7 million people were asked to evacuate from central and southeastern Florida to shelters or other facilities. As of Monday morning, over 200,000 Floridians were still in shelters. Nearly 33.8 million Floridians lost power to their homes and businesses, with hundreds of thousands still without power. We saw a massive hit to our citrus crop, which is already struggling with citrus greening, and we have bipartisan letters going out from Congressman ROSS, Congressman R OONEY , myself, and others making sure that the USDA follows along with FEMA to make sure that our citrus growers can have some relief as they grapple with what will be a dismal 2017–2018 crop. We saw Florida’s coasts, especially in cities like Jacksonville, experience historic flooding. The Atlantic came into the St. Johns. The St. Johns, being one of those rivers that flows north, took much of the water from central Florida and brought it forward to create a terrible situation of flooding of 2 to 3 feet in downtown Jacksonville alone. For the first time in U.S. history, we saw two Category 4 hurricanes make landfall in the same year. Obviously, we need to continue to prepare for the increasing weather events caused by manmade climate change, and that will be why, whether you agree or not with the cause of it, that we will need to harden our facilities, our infrastructure, our buildings, and our utilities. Whether or not you agree with what the cause of it is, we know that the solutions are making sure to have more resilient infrastructure, building up our coasts, and making sure that we have, through the Federal Government, incentives for our local and State governments to do that. Officials have reported 31 dead across three States in connection with this hurricane, 24 of those in Florida. One other area that Congress needs to look at is generators for our nursing homes. This is already required under Florida law, yet we saw several people yesterday, eight of them, pass, our seniors in their golden years, who should be protected. And when you are talking about no power in Florida, you are talking about not only no ability to turn on the lights, but airconditioning, which is critical when it is 90plus degrees out, particularly for our seniors, our children, and our persons with disabilities. I want to thank all of our first responders: our firefighters; our cops; our EMTs; all the county officials and city officials who put together all this demanding information to get the FEMA Individual Assistance designation; our local officials for continuing, to this moment, to give us information on hardest hit areas; and also our community for coming together, our volunteers, those who are helping get the trees out of the streets, for providing water and food to hardest hit areas, to people opening up their homes, contributing through nonprofits such as the Red Cross. All these issues, all these commitments, all this volunteerism is coming together to help out our constituents. I am appreciative, Mr. Speaker, for this time to be able to brief Congress on some of the issues affecting central Florida, and I thank my peers for their help and for their continued efforts in Texas, in Florida, in Puerto Rico, in the Virgin Islands, and in South Carolina and Georgia, where we saw a lot of this damage happening. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BUDD). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. HILL. I thank the Chair for recognizing me for this Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, this week in Congress, we have considered in the House Financial Services Committee legislation that will increase and expand the sanctions against the government and the dictators in North Korea. Mr. Speaker, the north Asian region and our allies there are of critical importance to the United States economically. South Korea and Japan are major economic partners of the United States. Both countries represent a major partnership in our security interests in north Asia, and so it is fitting that we continue to work in Congress, along with the Trump administration, to increase the financial sanctions and economic sanctions on the rogue government in North Korea. For our citizens, it is important to trace back the history of U.S. sanctions and the relationship with North Korea. Going back four Presidents— Trump, Obama, Bush 43, and Clinton— we have been dealing with North Korea. President Clinton agreed to a ‘‘freeze’’ and ‘‘dismantlement’’ of the North Korean nuclear program, Mr. Speaker; and as a result, the North Koreans agreed to inspections, and the United States, along with its allies, agreed to $4 billion in payments to the regime. That was in 1994, Mr. Speaker. We don’t have much to show for that effort. In January, in the State of the Union, 2002, President Bush 43 described North Korea as part of the axis of evil, including Iraq and Iran. Clearly, the North Koreans were not complying with Mr. Clinton’s agreement, but the post9/11 world of the United States had our government, our diplomacy, our military, our sanctions regime focused on the Middle East, focused on Afghanistan, Iraq, and, indeed, Iran. And then you come to the period of President Obama, where his strategy with North Korea was one of strategic patience. We have had 8 years, Mr. Speaker, of strategic patience, and what have we got to show for that? Unprecedented numbers of ballistic missile flights, unprecedented numbers of nuclear tests. So, Mr. Speaker, after over two decades, it was time for a change. Mr. Speaker, I want to take the floor of the House today and thank the leadership of President Trump and his very capable national security team, led by Secretary Mattis, Secretary Tillerson, for ending strategic patience and for taking our country and the world in a different direction to end the nuclear ambitions of North Korea. Now, the United States, on a bipartisan basis in this House and in the upper Chamber, in the Senate, along with the Trump administration, is fully onboard with using all the tools that we have to once and for all lead to denuclearization of the peninsula and end North Korea’s rogue program to join the group of nuclear nations. They have taken themselves out of nuclear nonproliferation. They are a rogue nation. I am very pleased to see Secretary Mnuchin at the Treasury focus on what 
new financial sanctions under current law the United States can pursue by our Treasury Department. I am very pleased with Chairman ROYCE of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Ranking Member ENGEL , and the Financial Services Committee for their collaboration on legislation on how we enhance sanctions that the United States can place on people doing business with North Korea and North Korea itself. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate our Ambassador to the United Nations, Ambassador Haley, for not one, but two 15–0 votes in the U.N. Security Council on ratcheting up the pressure on sanctions. Those are important. But the most important thing is, Mr. Speaker, whether it is secondary sanctions and sanctions in the United States put on others by the U.S. alone or multilateral sanctions imposed by the U.N. Security Council, the secret is enforcement. We must have enforcement. When you look back over this two decade period, you can’t really come to the conclusion that we have ever seriously sanctioned the rogue government in North Korea, not to the extent that we have done with Iran, not to the extent that we did with Iraq, the two other partners in President Bush’s axis of evil. So the time is now, Mr. Speaker, to use all of our skills and abilities: diplomatically, as led by Secretary Tillerson; economically, as led by Secretary Mnuchin and our worthy, great leader, our Ambassador at the United Nations; and in military strategy with our allies, under Secretary Mattis. We have the support of the world now, Mr. Speaker, and this is no time to not bear down and get that kind of enforcement. I was so delighted on behalf of the Congress and on behalf of the United States that, just yesterday, Prime Minister Modi in India and Prime Minister Abe, on a visit to India, reiterated their strong support for enforcement of the United Nations sanctions. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank this administration for taking a new look and taking North Korea’s ambitions seriously and taking the issue of using all of our absolute capabilities, whether they are diplomatic, economic, or military, to end this rogue nation’s nuclear ambitions. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and come to the House floor to recognize the Girl Scouts of America, which recently announced that they are adding 23 new badges related to science, technology, engineering, math, and the outdoors. These new STEM badges come a month after Girl Scouts of the USA added cybersecurity badges to promote computer and internet literacy and cybersecurity. These new initiatives within the Girl Scouts were a reflection of its ability to adapt to the everchanging skills essential to the development of our youth in this century. As an Eagle Scout, I understand the importance of values and skills acquired through scouting, and I commend the Girl Scouts for encouraging our youth to explore these innovative scientific fields. As a member of the Congressional Scouting Caucus, I will continue to support the good work of Girl Scouts of the USA, and I look forward to following its continued success for generations of young women to come. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF ADAM MCCLUNG  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of a man who had an indelible impact on Arkansas and our Nation, Mr. Adam McClung, who passed away last month at 37 years young. Adam was a husband, a father, and a champion of the cattle industry in Arkansas while he served as the executive vice president of the Arkansas Cattlemen’s Association. A graduate of Greenbrier High School in the beautiful Second Congressional District, Adam attended Oklahoma State University, where he studied agriculture, business economics, and animal science. In 2014, Adam was recognized by the White House and the U.S. Department of Agriculture as a ‘‘Champion of Change.’’ He was one of only 15 individuals from around our country to be recognized as a leader in his industry that year. Adam’s passion and drive will be missed throughout Arkansas and the cattle industry. He is survived by his wife, Chantel, and a daughter, Maggie Blair. I extend my respect, affection, and prayers for the family and his loved ones. b1300 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and remember the unrelenting, optimistic world view of Melvin Pickens, a constituent affectionately known around Little Rock as the ‘‘Broom Man.’’ Mr. Pickens passed away at age 84 in June, after battling numerous health issues. The Broom Man earned his nickname over a 60year tenure purchasing iconic, redhandled brooms at wholesale and selling them to passersby for $10. I remember Melvin fondly at my many breakfasts at the Ozark Smokehouse Restaurant in Little Rock, and including my past broom purchases. Through a neverending battle with legal blindness, and an unexpected stroke, which made carrying brooms over his shoulder incredibly difficult, Melvin never ceased to retain a positive, hopeful attitude. His hard work, determination, and unyielding perseverance, and never quitting, enabled him to provide his late wife and four children a wonderful life. And all four of those children attended college. The Broom Man is an everlasting testament to the value of having a rigorous work ethic, an optimistic world view, and being genuinely a caring person. RECOGNIZING ARKANSAS NATIONAL GUARD  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Arkansas National Guard Staff Sergeant Tasheenia Wallace for becoming the first woman to ever complete the Arkansas National Guard Infantry Course. On July 26, Staff Sergeant Wallace graduated from the Infantry Transition Course, a 2week residency training program at the Robinson Maneuver Training Center in North Little Rock. She was 1 of 22 people to complete the program, which allows soldiers who are already serving to change their current military occupational specialty to infantry. Staff Sergeant Wallace now holds four different occupational specialties: administration, logistics, chemicals, and now hardearned infantry. With this training, she is able to command a squad, usually composed of 7 to 10 soldiers. My congratulations and best wishes to Staff Sergeant Wallace and her bright future defending our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to be here on the House floor. We passed appropriations bills. It is a rare thing to hear it coming from me, but the Appropriations Committee for the Republican majority here in the House of Representatives has actually done an extraordinary job this year. It hasn’t been easy. They have spent a tremendous amount of hours taking votes, during which it was made particularly partisan. It is just a shame when people will take votes just along party lines and not even reach out in the areas where there is mutual interest. But, as with any bill, there are things that could have been better. But our appropriators took some tough votes, and some of them tough politically, but, overall, they did a remarkable job and they are to be commended for the work they did. We actually got our 12 appropriations bills passed in the House. I look forward to the day—it may be years away, months away, weeks away, days away—when the Senate is capable of passing 12 appropriations bills. It is very important, too, that we note the agreement that President Trump reached. Widely reported, the President made a deal with NANCY  PELOSI and C HUCK SCHUMER . But whether it is one of the worst votes I have taken or not, I knew, number 
one—Texas had been going through Hurricane Harvey, but Texas had planned for the future. And God bless the Texas Legislature. Governor Greg Abbott has been a dear friend since we started as district judges together back in January of 1993. And I think the world of Governor Greg Abbott. He is doing a superb job through the emergency situation that Hurricane Harvey has created in Texas. Also, Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick is a very good friend. I think the world of him. He has done a remarkable job leading there in Texas from the standpoint of being the head of the Senate. He’s a very conservative man of principle. It is just a pleasure to have such able, competent, not just conservatives, but very smart people who are people of principle. They created a rainy day fund. It has billions of dollars in it. Obviously, Harvey was definitely a rainy day. But when we took this vote on getting money into the emergency, the FEMA, our emergency system, we were assured by people that I believed to be very honest that they really were out of money for FEMA. That vote had to be taken to get money into our emergency system so they could help Florida prepare as Hurricane Irma approached. Like I said, Texas had prepared for a rainy day as far beyond the extent of their preparation. But I knew we could haggle over emergency funding, we could haggle over the debt ceiling, we could haggle over a CR coming up, and Texas would be okay while we were debating for 2, 3, 4 weeks, whatever it took until we got agreement. But Florida did not have a rainy day fund. They needed help. Irma was approaching. But the other thing that struck me about the need to get that vote done, give the President 90 days, was that we still have not changed the law to give Americans the help that so many tens or hundreds of millions needed. We have got over 300 million here in the country and, of course, there was bragging about the millions that got healthcare under ObamaCare. Well, that is a misnomer. It is a misstatement because the truth is that some people got health insurance, but there were millions of people that got— well, they lost the insurance. So all the statements about, ‘‘If you like your insurance, you can keep it,’’ those were lies. Those people making those statements have been now shown they knew they were lies at the time they were being made. The architect of ObamaCare knew that people would lose their insurance they liked; knew that they would lose doctors they liked. The way ObamaCare was designed, it even gave huge incentives, financially, to the remaining big monopoly health insurance companies not to bring into their network hospitals like MD Anderson or Cleveland Clinic. There were actually incentives built in ObamaCare to have health insurance companies not put chronic care facilities like cancer and heart disease in their network because that meant people that had those conditions would get that insurance because they had things like MD Anderson or Cleveland Clinic or Mayo, whatever it was, in network, and they didn’t want them because that would be costly. So it was a very subtle way ObamaCare was designed in order to encourage insurance companies to actually avoid giving people the doctors they had had before, the facilities they had had before and, in many cases, lifesaving and lifelengthening facilities. So there are just so many people hurting. In August, as I went all over east Texas—from the very southeast end down in Sabine County to the very north end, up in northwest end, up in Wood County, to the northeast end, up in Harrison County, down to the southwest corner of my district, down below Diboll in Angelina County—people are hurting, and they are begging for Congress to keep its word. We said: If you gave us the majority in the House and Senate, we would repeal ObamaCare. And, by golly, the American public gave us the majority in the House and Senate. Yes, President Obama was in the White House, but we got the majority in the House and Senate. And, holy smoke, we were able to get—it wasn’t a total repeal, but, under reconciliation procedures, we were able to repeal most of ObamaCare in the House and in the Senate, and send it to the President’s desk, where he vetoed it. Well, that wasn’t a big surprise. So Republicans were saying: Okay. You give us the House, the Senate majority, and the White House, then it is a nobrainer because then we have a President who will sign the bill that we passed when Obama was President, and this time the Republican President will surely sign it. Well, not only do we know we have a Republican in the White House, but President Trump—God bless him— made clear: If you just send me that bill that you passed in the last Congress that Obama vetoed, I will sign it, and then we can work on a healthcare system where people can get the care they need. Now, what has not been talked about in the altleft media—some people call them the mainstream media. But the altleft, mainstream media, whatever you want to call them, they have talked about all the millions of people that now have health insurance. No. Most of those—it may be a few, but most of them have got Medicaid. That is not the most desirable insurance you can have. And another thing that needs to be made clear: health insurance is not healthcare. Anyone in America here legally, illegally, criminal, non criminal, it doesn’t matter, if you are in the United States and you have a problem, you can go to the emergency room. I have been in emergency rooms with my immediate family members, including kids, inlaws. I mean, I have been there. And we wait in line behind people that may have a cold or a cut or a minor this or that. They have got healthcare. b1315 And most of those people aren’t going to pay anything, and they got the healthcare they needed. Now, they don’t have health insurance, apparently, most of them that I have been in line behind, because you could hear the discussion as they go through filling out the forms with the hospital people. It would be far better if we had a better system of clinics for people like that so they didn’t have to go tie up the most expensive healthcare there is in the emergency room. They could go to a clinic and get the things they need. I was yanking a hook out of a catfish that my youngest daughter had caught some years back, and it is kind of embarrassing, a Member of Congress, and the hook had not set until it was well down in the catfish, so I was having a lot of trouble getting it out. And I got a long needlenose pliers and I was pulling it out, and I just strained as hard as I could and, lo and behold, pulled the hook out and embedded it very deeply in my hand down at the base of the thumb. People started freaking out. It was no big deal. I mean, I just had a hook buried about threequarters of an inch or so in my thumb. I went down for an emergency. I didn’t want to. Somebody said: Look, we will take care of your daughter. You need to get a tetanus shot. When I found out the line was going to be about 2 hours before they could get around to messing with the hook that was embedded in my thumb, well, I went home and ended up using ice, and I eventually got it out myself. But I know, even without one of my kids or relatives, just by myself, I have been there. I have sat there. I have listened to conversations. There is no question, health insurance is not healthcare. People are still hurting, and they relied on our promise; and if we don’t get the big part of ObamaCare repealed, at least at a minimum, and get a system in place that gets people back toward the kind of healthcare they once knew and loved—if we weren’t part of the government, as an old judge, I know those lawsuits would be brought. The allegation in the pleadings would be that a promise was made which lured someone in to act to their detriment based on those promises. The doctrine, legally, is called promissory estoppel. The judge could issue an order, if you win the case, and prevent someone from going back on their word after they made a promise on which another party relied to their detriment. Unfortunately for the American public, when it is Congress, or, in particular, the Senate, and in particular a Republican Senator, or more, who makes an absolute repeated promise 
over and over that they are going to do something if you elect them or reelect them and people rely on that, they vote them in and it turns out it is to their detriment because that Senator was not being honest in running for office, well, it is kind of a shame that you can’t get a judge to come in and say: ‘‘I am issuing an order under the doctrine of promissory estoppel. You will not be allowed to back down off of your promise. You will make good on your promise.’’ When it is the government, you can’t sue them and force that, because promissory estoppel does not apply in a government situation, not normally. So what are we left with? Well, people can say, well, you know, wait until the next election. We will have to replace people. No. This is it. This is the chance. This is a generational chance. We promised people certain things we would do, and I was fully supportive of the promises that President Donald J. Trump made that helped him get elected. Particularly, he promised to repeal and replace ObamaCare. For heaven’s sake, we ought to be helping him in that. I am very grateful. We had some difficult times there between some of us, particularly the House Freedom Caucus and the House leadership, but PAUL RYAN, KEVIN MCCARTHY , STEVE SCALISE, they came through. We worked together and we got an agreement that repealed most of ObamaCare, and we got it down to the Senate. I have my friend from West Virginia, and I would be glad to yield to him. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the football players of Clay and Braxton County High Schools, both in my congressional district, the Second District of beautiful West Virginia. I commend them for exercising their right to pray before a football game on September 1. After one person complained about prayer at football games, Clay County High School decided to institute a moment of silence instead. Much to everyone’s surprise, during that moment of silence, both teams ran onto the field, knelt, and prayed together. In a spontaneous action throughout the stands, individuals stood and joined the prayer. In this time of great divisiveness in our Nation, gestures like these remind us about what is great in America. Our First Amendment protects all Americans from laws that hinder our religious freedom, our right to free speech, and our right to worship God as we see fit. Even though Braxton and Clay County are bitter rivals in football, they came together to share this moment to worship the Almighty God. I commend them for this gesture. For the record, Braxton County won the game 23–13. To the gentleman from Texas, thank you. I appreciate your good work here and your words for the American people. Mr. GOHMERT. I have been to my friend’s home, beautiful as it is in a beautiful part of the country, and I appreciate the gentleman’s recognition. It sounds like it is well deserved. Regarding what has to be done about healthcare, clearly, the Senate is not going to get to 60 votes on anything to do with repealing, replacing ObamaCare. We have this reconciliation procedure that we went through all the hoops, dotted the I’s, crossed the T’s, and we passed the budget, got the rule set for reconciliation so the Senate can pass a bill in reconciliation with 51 votes instead of 60. Of course, the majority leader could say: You know what? This is such a critical promise we made about healthcare that, just like the Reid rule, when it is really, really important, we will set aside the 60vote cloture rule so that we can get something done, whether it is a confirmation, whatever it is, that saves lives, helps Americans. Well, if there was ever a bill that fit that situation, it would be one that helped save lives through repealing at least the biggest, worst parts of ObamaCare. Nonetheless, under that reconciliation procedure, we have until September 30 to get it done with 51 votes. I have got to say, earlier this summer—I have been here 121⁄2years. I have never seen a situation where the majority party in the Senate was calling those in the majority party in the House, including the Speaker and the leadership team, and calling those of us in the House Freedom Caucus, calling those in the Tuesday Group, and their one big question—I have never heard of this happening in American history— their big question was: Would you please promise us that, if we pass this bill in the Senate, you promise us you will not take up our bill and pass it as it is, because the only chance we have, we are told, of passing this bill in the Senate is if we know for sure it won’t become law. I have never heard of that happening before, but that is what happened this summer. From our Speaker on down, our different groups: Yes, we promise you we won’t let that bad bill you’re voting on become law. We will make sure it goes to conference, and we will get something a lot better than that that we send to the House and Senate to vote on. It didn’t get passed, and we have until September 30 to keep from being about as big a bunch of liars as has ever been in Congress. That is it. I am very grateful—again, here, I appreciate the Appropriations Committee, and I will express appreciation here, now, for Speaker PAULRYAN, because he has agreed with me and some others about the kind of pressure we are going to put on when we get back the last week of September if the Senate has not passed their ObamaCare repeal bill. They have got to pass something or we can’t get it to conference. We can’t get the American public what they need. Now, some of you have said: Well, if you had just passed that first bill the Republican leaders had put together. Well, I am not sure who put it together. It may have been the remaining health insurance companies and Big Pharma, from what I could tell, but it was not going to do anybody any good except the insurance companies and Big Pharma. It was not going to help rankandfile Americans the way we promised them we would help them. There are some that say: Yeah, but, Louie, if you guys had just voted ‘‘yes’’ immediately on that bill, it would have gotten wind in the sails of the President and we would already have tax reform. Well, I am here to tell you, Mr. Speaker, if we had passed that first bill, and when people saw their premiums continuing to shoot up and their deductibles continuing to shoot up and just these overwhelming prices, it would not have been wind in the sails of President Trump. It would have meant that people would have been so angry, a lot of Republicans would have stayed home and a lot of Democrats who voted for Donald Trump and Members of the Republican House and Senate, they would stay home or they would go out and vote for someone else, and the first order of business in January 2019 would probably have been, when we lost the majority, the impeachment of President Trump. It shouldn’t be. It is not appropriate, but that is probably what would have happened if we had just jumped on that first bad bill. We have got a good bill. We have still got a chance. We have got to get this done for the good of America. If we can’t get this done, we have no business being in the majority. It just brings you to just throw up your hands: My goodness, what good is this? I will also say, Mr. Speaker, the old adage is true: democracy ensures a people are governed no better than they deserve. We have got too many Americans across this country that are not paying attention. They are like some friends I had in high school that said: Well, Louie, I don’t care what the government does as long as they stay out of my business. Well, they have come to find out, if you don’t care what the government does, they are not going to stay out of your business; they are going to take it over—your life, your business, everything. People have got to get reengaged, pay attention, get out and vote, and we have got a chance to get it fixed. It is absolutely essential before September 30, at midnight, that we get something done to help the American people. I am looking forward, if the Senate doesn’t get a decent bill done, I want us to pass a sense of the House bill right here in the House that says it is the sense of the House that the Senate absolutely must pass a bill to give the American public the help they need with healthcare by repealing the worst parts of ObamaCare, at a minimum. 
b1330 And then follow the Speaker out here on the steps, and every one of us point to the Senate, and keep putting the pressure on. Keep on putting the pressure on until, hopefully, they do something. But it may be that they get it done. We don’t have to get into a battle of words and wits like that. The American public is expecting it. We promised it. We have got to get that done. In the meantime, I know there is a lot of discussion, a lot of calls today about, oh, gee, the President is talking about DACA this, and DACA that. I have spent so many hours, so many nights, down on the border all night long, and I always heard the same things from my friends in the Border Patrol. Every time anybody in Congress, or in the administration, starts talking about, well, we are working out a deal for amnesty for this, or to legalize that, then we get a huge surge in people coming across our southern border. So I will continue to refuse to make statements about what I think about— should we agree to this; should we compromise on this legalization, this amnesty? Because every time we do, people get lured into the United States. When that happens, there are always some that get drawn into sex slavery. Some get drawn into being mules and drug dealers for the drug cartels; and some—we have seen the video, we have seen the evidence—they die trying to get in. We should not be luring people in. We need to secure the border. That includes building a wall where we need it. We don’t need one in Big Bend National Park, in my opinion. If you can get across Big Bend National Park carrying all of the water you are going to need to get clear across there, then I want you in America, and I want you in our military. You are an extraordinary person. We don’t need a wall through Big Bend National Park, most of it, anyway, but there are places we do. We have got to secure the border. If you go down there, south of McAllen, the river is wide, flowing fast. If you just have people along the river—I have been there, I know. The coyotes will not bring people across if they see there is law enforcement that will stop them. The trouble was, during the Obama administration, they didn’t stop them. They didn’t even process them when they got across. I have seen it. Why wouldn’t you stop them? Why wouldn’t you say: No, you are not coming on to U.S. land. Go back. Come in legally. We want you, but you have got to come in legally. It is time to secure the border. President Trump is making great strides in that area. General Kelly—God bless him—he was making great strides when he was head of Homeland Security. I was so thrilled he was there. I knew about the things he was doing, and I sure hope it continues, whoever replaces him. But we have got to secure our border, build a wall where it is needed. We have got to repeal ObamaCare— the worst parts of it, anyway—and get people the help they need. We have also got to give them the tax reform they need. As Art Laffer told me—he was asking me: Louie, you know, once we got that 30 percent tax cut in 1983, the third year of the President Reagan administration, do you know what the rate of growth was? Here we have been talking about 1.92 percent. It was 8 percent or over when they had the big tax cut. People got jobs. They made more money than ever. It was incredible. It is time to get back to that kind of growth. It is time to get back to a healthcare system where we are not slaves to a health insurance company, and we are not slaves to the U.S. Government, where we have control of our doctorpatient relationship, and America can heal; it can grow; it can prosper. We can bring back manufacturing jobs, which are so critical to this Nation, but we have got to get it done, and it has got to start this month. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. YOHO (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of assisting Floridians in recovery efforts from Hurricane Irma. 
SENATE ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to AN enrolled joint resolution of the Senate of the following titles: 
S.J. Res. 49. Condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Charlottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and support to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, September 18, 2017, at 2 p.m. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 2537. A letter from the Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Black Stem Rust; Additions of RustResistant Species and Varieties [Docket No.: APHIS20170049] received September 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2538. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Specialty Crops Program, Specialty Crops Inspection Division, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — U.S. Standards for Grades of Shelled Walnuts and Walnuts in the Shell [Document No.: AMSSC160005, SC16331] received September 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2539. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing Brigadier General Ronald P. Clark, United States Army, to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 2540. A letter from the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity, Executive Director/Designated Federal Official, Office of Postsecondary Education, Department of Education, transmitting the Annual Report of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity for FY 2017, pursuant to Sec. 114(e) of the Higher Education Act, as amended; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 2541. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Prohibition of Children’s Toys and Child Care Articles Containing Specified Phthalates: Determinations Regarding Certain Plastics [Docket No.: CPSC20160017] received September 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2542. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safeguarding of Restricted Data by Access Permittees [Docket No.: DOEHQ20150029 0001] (RIN: 1992AA46) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2543. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s interpretive rule — Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturer Assistance Program received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2544. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Public Law 92403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Public Law 108458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2545. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘2016 Human Rights Report For International Military Education and Training Participants’’, pursuant to Sec. 549 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2546. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Visas: Documentation of Nonimmigrants Under the Immigration and Nationality Act, as Amended (RIN: 1400 AD30) received September 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 2547. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20169508; Directorate Identifier 2016NM065 AD; Amendment 3918956; AD 20171412] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2548. A letter from the Assistant Administrator for Procurement, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Award Term (NFS Case 2016N027) (RIN: 2700 AE32) received August 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 2549. A letter from the Chief, Reg. Spec. Project, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Supportive Services for Veteran Families Program (RIN: 2900AP61) received September 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. House Resolution 479. Resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax return information of President Donald J. Trump as well as the tax returns of each business entity disclosed by Donald J. Trump on his Office of Government Ethics Form 278e (Rept. 115–309); adversely Referred to the House Calendar. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Luis V. Gutie ´rrez (Rept. 115–310). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2374. A bill to facilitate certain pinyonjuniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to fully implement the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act (Rept. 115–311). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2423. A bill to implement certain measures relating to management of Washington County, Utah, required by Public Law 111–11 (Rept. 115–312). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 2763. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the Small Business Innovation Research program and Small Business Technology Transfer program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–313, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2763. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the Small Business Innovation Research program and Small Business Technology Transfer program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–313, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 3771. A bill to ensure independent investigations by allowing judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 3772. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide specific credit risk retention requirements to certain qualifying collateralized loan obligations; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Ms. PELOSI , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. SABLAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. MOORE , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. BASS, Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. RUSH, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mrs. DINGELL ): H.R. 3773. A bill to amend the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 and the Head Start Act to promote child care and early learning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. POLIS, Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. PERLMUTTER ): H.R. 3774. A bill to amend the General Education Provisions Act to allow the release of education records to facilitate the award of a recognized postsecondary credential; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. J ONES , Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. B RAT, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. F RANCIS  ROONEY of Florida, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. PERRY ): H.R. 3775. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to establish a skills based immigration points system, to focus familysponsored immigration on spouses and minor children, to eliminate the Diversity Visa Program, to set a limit on the number of refugees admitted annually to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. TED LIEU of California, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. YOHO, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3776. A bill to support United States international cyber diplomacy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 3777. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain National Forest System land containing the Nephi Work Center in Juab County, Utah, to Juab County; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H.R. 3778. A bill to award grants for the recruitment, retention, and advancement of direct care workers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for himself, Mr. RASKIN , and Mr. D ELANEY ): H.R. 3779. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to develop a plan for the removal of the monument to Robert E. Lee at the Antietam National Battlefield, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. KIND): H.R. 3780. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide under the Medicare program for conditions of participation, reporting requirements, and a quality program with respect to air ambulance services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself, Mr. LAMALFA , and Mr. R UIZ): H.R. 3781. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, to develop guidelines regarding the use by the Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of unofficial sources of information to determine the eligibility of a member or former member of the Armed Forces for benefits and decorations when the member’s service records are incomplete because of damage to the records, including records damaged by a 1973 fire at the National Personnel Records Center in St. Louis, Missouri; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. S CHNEI DER, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. E VANS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. HECK, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. HANABUSA ): H.R. 3782. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a national strategic action plan and program to assist health professionals in preparing for and responding to the public health effects of climate change, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. AL GREEN of Texas, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. R USH, Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. ELLISON , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. POCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 3783. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to prohibit the use of consumer credit checks against prospective and current employees for the purposes of making adverse employment decisions; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. POLIQUIN , and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 3784. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to clarify the treatment of technical errors in applications for Federal TRIO programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 3785. A bill to provide support for the development of middle school career exploration programs linked to career and technical education programs of study; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Mr. JOYCE  of Ohio, Mr. HUIZENGA , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 3786. A bill to require the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere to update periodically the environmental sensitivity index products of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for each coastal area of the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. SCHRADER ): H.R. 3787. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for streamlined procedures for waiver petitions seeking relief for small entities from regulations issued by the Federal Communications Commission, to require the Commission to defer the application of new regulations to small entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. WELCH , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. KEATING , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 3788. A bill to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to provide for a Northeast Gasoline Supply Reserve, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. Y ODER , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H.R. 3789. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and in consultation with the Secretary of Education and the President’s Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition, to conduct a study on the causes of deaths related to high school football and formulate recommendations to prevent such deaths; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 3790. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to enhance penalties for certain thefts of a firearm from certain Federal firearms licensees, and to criminalize the theft of a firearm from a gun range that rents firearms or a shooting club; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. D EFAZIO): H.R. 3791. A bill to ensure that United States Government personnel, including members of the Armed Forces and contractors, assigned to United States diplomatic missions are given the opportunity to designate nextofkin for certain purposes in the event of the death of the personnel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. DONOVAN, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. N ADLER, Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 3792. A bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to require that covered persons develop and implement emergency contingency plans; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 3793. A bill to require the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to consider the appropriate inclusion of residential manufactured homes in certain programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 3794. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, to carry out a program to prevent flooding and wastewater, sewage, trash, and sediment spills in the Tijuana River Valley, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. ISSA): H.R. 3795. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, to carry out a comprehensive protection and rehabilitation program for the Tijuana River Valley, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 3796. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to assist in the support of children living in poverty by allowing a refundable credit to grandparents of those children for the purchase of household items for the benefit of those children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 3797. A bill to withhold United States contributions to the regularly assessed biennial budget of the United Nations until the United Nations adopts a definition of ‘‘international terrorism‘‘ concurrent with United States laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. DUNN, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 3798. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30hour threshold for classification as a fulltime employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. R USH, Mr. COHEN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana): H.R. 3799. A bill to direct the Justice Department to pursue civil actions to eliminate patterns or practices of civil rights violations by police, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. LEE, and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 3800. A bill to eliminate mandatory minimum sentences for all drug offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ ): H. Con. Res. 79. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that Congress and the States should consider a constitutional amendment to reform the Electoral College and establish a process for electing the President and Vice President by a national popular vote and should encourage individual States to continue to reform the Electoral College process through such steps as the formation of an interstate compact to award the majority of Electoral College votes to the national popular vote winner; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. VELA, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Ms. L EE, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. RASKIN ): 
H. Res. 520. A resolution expressing solidarity with, and pledging support and assistance to, victims of Hurricane Harvey, commending the first responders and civilian volunteers who saved lives threatened by Hurricane Harvey, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Mrs. DINGELL ): H. Res. 521. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives about a strategy to deploy fifth generation mobile networks (5G networks) and nextgeneration wireless and wired technologies to promote economic development and digital innovation throughout the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEEKS (for himself and Mr. ENGEL ): H. Res. 522. A resolution recognizing the twentieth anniversary of the International Career Advancement Program; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. AL GREEN of Texas, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. MOORE , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. E VANS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. S OTO, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. HASTINGS ): H. Res. 523. A resolution expressing disapproval of any act of the President to grant to himself or any member of his family, including those related solely by marriage, a reprieve or pardon for an offense against the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. COSTA , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. NORTON , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B EYER , Mr. PALLONE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. S OTO, Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MOORE , Mr. E VANS , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. VELA, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CLAY, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. MATSUI , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. H ECK, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. B ERA, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. K EATING , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. BASS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. PETERS , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. M URPHYof Florida, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. POCAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. M ENG, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. AGUILAR , and Mr. G OMEZ ): H. Res. 524. A resolution recognizing ispanic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CHABOT: H. Res. 525. A resolution designating September 16, 2017, as ‘‘Isaac M. Wise Temple Day‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HOYER (for himself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. DELANEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. RASKIN ): H. Res. 526. A resolution congratulating the National Federation of Federal Employees on the celebration of its 100th anniversary and recognizing its members’ vital contributions to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H. Res. 527. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 18, 2017, through September 24, 2017, as ‘‘Balance Awareness Week‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LEVIN: H. Res. 528. A resolution condemning horrific acts of violence against Burma’s Rohingya population and calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to play an active role in ending this humanitarian tragedy; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
120. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 101, urging the United States Congress and the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to rectify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and interior energy producing states and to ensure the dependability of such revenue sharing; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 121. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 239, expressing opposition to the proposed elimination of Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and urging the United States Congress to continue funding LIHEAP in Federal Fiscal Year 2018; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Education and the Workforce. PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. HUFFMAN introduced a bill (H.R. 3801) for the relief of Hugo Mejia; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CONYERS: H.R. 3771. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clauses 9 and 18 By Mr. BARR: H.R. 3772. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: (According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.) By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 3773. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 3774. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 3775. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution enumerating congressional authority ‘‘[t]o establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 3776. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 3777. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV Section 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 3778. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 3779. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 3780. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 3781. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution which provides Congress with the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises in order to provide for the general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3782. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes). By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 3783. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 3784. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 3785. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KILDEE: H.R 3786. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 3787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 3788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3789. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to tbe powers granted to Congress under the General Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of tbe House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of tbe accompanying bill. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 3790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 3791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. 1 §1; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 3792. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 3793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitutional Authority of the United States Congress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 3794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 3795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 3796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Section 8 ofArticle 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 3797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 3798. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, Sec. 8, cl. 1. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 3799. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 3800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 3801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Amendment I, Clause 3 of the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 40: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 44: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. PANETTA , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 154: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 173: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. NEWHOUSE , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 367: Mr. HOLDING and Mr. R OHRABACHER . H.R. 392: Mr. BLUM, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 395: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 422: Mr. OLSON and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 424: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 490: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 502: Mr. TURNER and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 620: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 631: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 675: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 676: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 685: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 694: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 812: Mr. RUSHand Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 848: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 964: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 1038: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1148: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 1150: Mr. MESSER and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 1225: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. M AST, Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. TURNER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. JONES , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. MARINO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. B LUM, Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 1274: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 1311: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 1318: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1360: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 1468: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1626: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1631: Mr. SABLAN . H.R. 1699: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1762: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 1810: Mr. GAETZ . 
H.R. 1836: Mr. S HERMAN and Mr. C OOPER . H.R. 1865: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. KING of Iowa, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1974: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 2057: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 2121: Mr. BUDDand Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 2147: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 2150: Ms. SINEMA , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2151: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 2193: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 2242: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2273: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 2295: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 2319: Mr. FLORES and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 2321: Mr. BOST, Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. COSTA . H.R. 2383: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2405: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. TURNER , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 2408: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2431: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 2439: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2472: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 2482: Mr. BERA, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. SARBANES , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, and Mr. TONKO . H.R. 2499: Mr. PALLONE and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2575: Mr. GOTTHEIMER and Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 2589: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2612: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 2623: Mr. JORDAN and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 2651: Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. S HEAPORTER, and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2670: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2723: Mr. HOLDING , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 2735: Mr. RENACCI and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 2745: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2790: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 2792: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2824: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 2840: Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 2851: Mr. REED and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2856: Ms. CHENEY . H.R. 2862: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 2890: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 2909: Mr. BARTON . H.R. 2946: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 2973: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. WELCH , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3030: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 3032: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3034: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 3035: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 3071: Mr. PASCRELL and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 3079: Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3122: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3131: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 3167: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 3227: Ms. NORTON and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3236: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3258: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 3274: Mr. YODER , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. KATKO , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ALVERT , Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. GOWDY , Mr. U PTON , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3275: Mr. BERA. H.R. 3316: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3397: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 3441: Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. LONG, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 3451: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 3473: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 3549: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3565: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3632: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 3635: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 3668: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 3681: Mr. BEYER , Mr. C URBELO of Flor ida, Mr. POLIS, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 3692: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 3695: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. TONKO , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. CONYERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3699: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3701: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3708: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 3711: Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. BRAT, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. BOST, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 3721: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3729: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3739: Mr. GROTHMAN and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 3740: Ms. BASS. H.R. 3749: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3757: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 3761: Mr. HARPER , Mr. R OGERS of Ala bama, and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3770: Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. M OORE , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. HIMES and Mr. C APUANO. H. Res. 257: Mr. YODER and Ms. N ORTON . H. Res. 274: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mr. PETERS . H. Res. 353: Mr. CONYERS . H. Res. 495: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H. Res. 507: Mrs. DINGELL . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge petitions: 
Petition 3 by Mr. GARRETT on House Resolution 458: Mr. DeSantis, Mr. Harris, Mr. Schweikert, Mr. Rokita, Mr. Gaetz and Mr. Brooks of Alabama. Petition 4 by Mr. COFFMAN on H.R. 496: Ms. Titus. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5709 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 2017 No. 149 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JOHN HOEVEN , a Senator from the State of North Dakota. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, from whom comes all holy desires, we thank You for all those who give their lives to serve You and country. May they realize that they are doing Your work on Earth when they strive faithfully to follow Your precepts. Use our lawmakers to bring comfort, renewal, and empowerment to our Nation and world. Take them along yet untrodden paths, through perils unknown, to Your desired destination. May they live in peace and contentment, resting in the knowledge that You are directing their steps. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 