Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 1698, the Iran Ballistic Missiles and International Sanctions Enforcement Act. I was proud to cosponsor this critical legislation, and support it during consideration by the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and would have voted for it on the floor, but had to leave Washington in order to attend a funeral service. This legislation makes it clear that the United States will not tolerate Iran’s development of nuclearcapable ballistic missiles. It authorizes sanctions against Iran for development of these weapons, as well as foreign individuals and entities which provide aid to Iran in the development of such weapons. Further development of these weapons poses a threat to Israel, to our allies and partners in the Persian Gulf, and threatens to further destabilize the region. Additionally, failure to curb Iran’s development of ballistic missiles could undermine the international effort to end Iran’s nuclear weapons program under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. I was proud to support this critical bipartisan effort, and would have proudly voted for it had I been present. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Seth and Jennifer Evans, of Lenox, Iowa for being named 2016 Master Pork Producers by the Iowa Pork Producers Association. Seth and Jennifer were presented the award earlier this year at the Iowa Pork Congress Banquet in Des Moines. They operate a 600 head sow farm and farrowtofinish swine business. Currently, they market 13,000 head of swine from their own business a year. In addition to hogs, they maintain a 60head cow/calf herd of Angus and AngusSimmental cross cattle. Seth and Jennifer are also active members of their community, coaching youth sports and serving as board members at various local organizations. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent leaders like the Seth and Jennifer in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today for this outstanding accomplishment. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Seth and Jennifer for receiving this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend Rep. VEASEY for hosting tonight’s special order. Let me begin by offering my condolences to the families of Sgt. La David Johnson and his fellow soldiers who lost their lives in Niger. Those who give their lives in the service of this great nation and their families deserve our honor, respect and thanks. The White House’s treatment of Sgt. Johnson’s Gold Star widow is an embarrassment to our nation. Furthermore, the White House’s attacks on Congresswoman FREDERICA WILSON ’s char acter are baseless and shameful. I know Congresswoman WILSON as a woman of integrity who has proven her deep commitment to her constituents and community over the years. Mr. Speaker, I stand today with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to share a concern about the leaked FBI’s assessment creating a new class of threats and unjustly labeling ordinary Americans exercising their constitutional rights as extremists. In the report, the FBI coins a new term— black identity extremists—which can easily give the perception that African Americans speaking out against police brutality or anyone who identifies as black for that matter is a threat to law enforcement. I can’t help but wonder, what led the FBI to reach such a conclusion. Was it the Facebook ads purchased by Russian operatives targeting the Black Lives Matter movement? This type of mischaracterization is dangerous and further erodes the trust between law enforcement officials and communities of color. We have seen this before. The FBI has a long and troubling history of targeting African Americans in this country. In the 1960s, the FBI’s Counter Intelligence Program (COINTELPRO) was used to surveil and discredit civil rights activists fighting institutional racism, including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and black members of Congress. These activists were fighting for equality, access to the ballot box, educational opportunities, and decent housing. They no longer wanted to be treated as secondclass citizens. Put simply, they were seeking an even playing field and equal treatment under the law as should be provided to every American. Here we are sixty years later, and we continue to fight for the same rights. We have seen it play out in the unrest that unfolded in communities like Ferguson, Baltimore, and Cleveland where those who are being paid to protect and serve are not held accountable for killing unarmed African American citizens. This report makes clear that we have harkened back to the dark days of J. Edgar Hoover. COINTELPRO 2.0 undermines the progress we have made and continues the current Administration’s disturbing trend of demonizing communities of color. At some point, Members on both sides of the aisle must stand up and speak out against these efforts to mischaracterize actions of Americans fighting for a fairer and more just America. We all have rights under the Constitution, and no American seeking equal treatment under the law should be unfairly labeled when exercising those rights. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bonny Baker on her recent retirement from the Taylor County Courthouse after 43 years of dedicated service. 
Bonny began her work at the Taylor County Courthouse in September of 1973 while she was still a senior at Bedford High School. For seven years, she worked in the Treasurer’s office before moving to the County Auditor’s office. In 1999, Bonny was appointed as county auditor. She has worked on everything from secretary duties to the board of supervisors, electionday preparation, passport services and tax statements. She stated in the Bedford TimesPress that ‘‘I loved working there and loved the rush of working with people all day long.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent Iowans like Bonny in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today for her outstanding service. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on her retirement and in wishing her nothing but the best in the next chapter of her life. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, trailblazer, pioneer, true Coloradoan. These are just a few phases that describe the Honorable Ken Salazar. A native of San Luis Valley, Secretary Salazar has always been true to his Colorado roots and values. Working tirelessly for others and the environment, Secretary Salazar’s legacy will abide for generations to come. Secretary Salazar grew up on a rural ranch, learning to read and write by the light of oil lamps. No stranger to hard work, he pursued a varied education attending Colorado College, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science in 1977, and law degree from the University of Michigan Law School. Later Salazar was awarded honorary degrees from Colorado College and the University of Denver. 1986 marked Secretary Salazar’s first appointment in politics. Serving as Gov. Romer’s Director of Natural Resources, Salazar worked towards petroleum and mining reforms to better protect the surrounding environment. Secretary Salazar was elected as Colorado Attorney General in 1998 and handily won reelection in 2002. As Attorney General, he was awarded the prestigious Conference of Western Attorneys General Profile in Courage award for his work. In 2004, Secretary Salazar ran for U.S. Senate and won. Salazar was a leading member of a bipartisan group of Senators that developed the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007, which would have provided a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and increased funding for border security. Secretary Salazar’s Senate record is reflective of his passion for justice and environmental protections. He fought to limit natural gas drilling in western Colorado alongside Sen. UDALL and his brother, Congressman Jon Salazar. Secretary Salazar worked in the Senate to give benefits to Rocky Flats workers. In 2009, President Obama appointed Salazar as Secretary of the Interior. As one of two Hispanics serving in the cabinet, Secretary Salazar worked to ensure our national parks and monuments were inclusive to minority communities and America’s tribal communities. During his time as Secretary, Salazar successfully developed and implemented numerous renewable energy initiatives on public lands and helped lead the Obama Administration’s ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strategy. I am honored to know Secretary Salazar as a colleague, but even more as a friend. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives, I want to congratulate Secretary Salazar on his induction in the Latino Hall of Fame. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lynnette Yossi of Dallas Center, Iowa for being named the 2016 Grimes Educator of the Year at the Grimes Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Educator of the Year award recognizes a local teacher who has exemplified what excellence in teaching looks like. Lynnette is the Physical Education teacher at South Prairie Elementary School in the Dallas Center Grimes Community School District. Lynnette has found that creating games around books helps the children learn while also staying engaged in physical activity. Each school day Lynnette stands at the main entrance to greet children and their families as they are dropped off, providing a smiling face to open the door, help direct traffic, and ensure everyone arrives and departs the school safely. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent dedicated teachers like Lynnette in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Lynette for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BIRTH OF BAHA´’U’LLA´H 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Baha´’i community as they celebrate the twohundredth anniversary of the birth of their founder, Baha´’u’lla´h. I am proud that Wilmette, Illinois, in my district, is home to the Baha´’i House of Worship for North America. This magnificent temple stands as a beautiful testament to the power and strength of Baha´’u’lla´h’s teachings. Two centuries after the birth of Baha ´’u’lla´h, millions around the world remain committed to his teachings of peace and the oneness of humanity. In almost every country in the world, members of the Baha’i faith congregate to celebrate the values of unity and equality which are central to their religion. These values are more important than ever today, a time when we all need to come together to oppose those who promote intolerance, division, and bigotry. Although the Baha´’i faith teaches and practices peace, many of its members face persecution and violence around the world. As I congratulate the members of the Baha ´’i com munity in my district and around the world while they celebrate this important anniversary, I also reaffirm my commitment to standing with them against threats to freedom of religion. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Keith Williamson of Bondurant, Iowa for being named the 2016 Bondurant Citizen of the Year at the Bondurant Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Citizen of the Year award recognizes an outstanding member of the community who has worked to make it a better place to live. Keith has been a local small business owner for almost twenty years, helping citizens to keep their automobiles on the road. Outside of work, Keith has been an ardent supporter of youth softball in Bondurant, and has gone above and beyond to help other citizens when hard times strike. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent Iowans like Keith in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today for this outstanding accomplishment. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Keith and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of my friend, Lou Mervis, a business, education, and philanthropic leader, who passed away earlier this month at the age of 83. Lou came from a humble background and turned his father’s local scrap business into one of the largest familyowned scrap processing companies in the country, with locations in multiple states. However, Lou’s legacy in Illinois goes beyond his business success. Education was one of Lou’s passions. He was elected to the Danville school board at age 29, and served two terms on the board, including as president. He also served on the Illinois State Board of Election for 17 years, including seven years as chairman. Lou and his wife, Sybil, provided scholarships and support to programs at several colleges and universities, including the University of Illinois, Indiana University, and Danville Area Community College. His family has funded 92 scholarships to DACC students, and four scholarships at Indiana University. 
These are just a few of the invaluable contributions that Lou and Sybil have made to the region and state as a whole. His impact on the countless lives and organizations will not be forgotten. I’m proud to have known Lou, Sybil, and his five children, Adam, Phillip, Michael, Joshua, and Ellen. Please keep his wife Sybil, and his family in your thoughts and prayers. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Peggy Triggs, of Grimes, Iowa for being named the 2016 Grimes Ambassador of the Year at the Grimes Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Ambassador of the Year award honors a member who has been active in the organization and throughout the community. Peggy, even with the busy schedule that comes with being the owner of Cabinets by Design, still manages to attend almost every Grimes Chamber of Commerce event. Whether it’s a ribbon cutting, a dinner, or any other event, Peggy is there lending her support to her fellow business owners and her community. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent community leaders like Peggy in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today for this outstanding accomplishment. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Peggy for receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF DOMINIC FUCILE, PRESIDENT OF HANAC HARMONY JVL INNOVATIVE SENIOR CENTER 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to my dear friend and previous staff member, Dominic Fucile, as he receives the Volunteer of the Year award at the HellenicAmerican Neighborhood Action Committee’s (HANAC) Forty Fifth Annual Gala. Dominic has truly made his community a better place to live. Founded in 1972, HANAC provides social services to communities in need throughout New York City. HANAC focuses on the implementation and administration of services to benefit communities throughout the city. Serving over 30,000 clients annually, HANAC supports unemployed families, children, senior citizens, and those struggling with substance abuse. I started my career in public service working at HANAC, and I know firsthand that the work they do makes a huge difference in people’s lives. From housing to ESL classes to social services, HANAC does an outstanding job of helping New Yorkers. I am so pleased that HANAC is recognizing the remarkable work of Dominic Fucile. I first came to know Dominic in 1992 when I was running for Congress. He is one of the kindest, most considerate, genuine people I have ever known. I was proud to hire him as my Queen’s representative and sad when he retired from my employ. But in truth, Dominic never stopped working in the community. He has always given generously of his time, with warmth, humor and charm. Dominic’s work as president of the HANAC Harmony JVL Innovative Senior Center (HANAC Senior Center) advisory council is an invaluable component of the work that the Center does. From organizing monthly dance nights to expanding arts and health services at HANAC Senior Center, Dominic works tirelessly to provide activities and programs that all members will enjoy. His strong managerial and organizational skills have led to the expansion of programs for the benefit of residents at George T. Douris Tower. Deeply respected by other members of HANAC Senior Center, Dominic has been instrumental in attracting people to the senior center. They know it is a place they will have fun and where they will be greeted warmly and made to feel welcome. His enthusiasm, selflessness and hard work make him a most deserving recipient of the Volunteer of the Year award. Dominic dedicated his life to serving the people around him. As a former congressional staffer and a longtime employee of the United Nations, Dominic has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to public service and the betterment of his community. In addition to the countless hours Dominic has volunteered with HANAC, Dominic also cofounded the 29th Street Block Association to address quality of life issues in his Astoria neighborhood. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the many accomplishments of Dominic Fucile, a man who has truly devoted himself to his community and his neighborhood. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate The Bird’s Nest in Bondurant, Iowa for being named the 2016 Bondurant Large Business of the Year at this year’s Bondurant Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony. The Large Business of the Year Award recognizes an outstanding community business with over 10 employees. The Bird’s Nest, with owners Jill Sullivan and Felicia Collison, have provided a safe, secure, and educational place for children to go before and after school. In an age where parents are pulled in many different directions, The Bird’s Nest helps to fill a valuable need for families in the Bondurant community. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent businesses like The Bird’s Nest in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today for this outstanding accomplishment. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating The Bird’s Nest for receiving this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. f 
TRIBUTE TO ASSEMBLYWOMAN SHARON QUIRKSILVA, THE IRVINE CITY COUNCIL, FIVEPOINT AND THE ORANGE COUNTY VETERANS MEMORIAL PARK FOUNDATION 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a few moments today to honor Assemblywoman Sharon QuirkSilva, the Irvine City Council, FivePoint, and the Orange County Veterans Memorial Park Foundation for their contributions to the Orange County Veteran Community. These organizations have paved the long and tiresome road to establish the Southern California Veterans Memorial Park in EL TORO, Irvine, California. Their combined efforts have produced an ideal final resting place for our Nation’s Veterans that our Orange County residents can be proud of. In 2014, Assemblywoman QuirkSilva introduced AB–1453, which marks the beginning of the journey to established a Veteran Cemetery in Orange County. Through Assemblywoman QuirkSilva’s efforts and relentless advocacy, the bill gained the support of various State legislators. AB–1453 was approved and signed by Governor Brown on September 27, 2014, just months after Assemblywoman QuirkSilva introduced the bill. The Irvine City Council pressed forward by diligently searching for a proper location for the veteran cemetery within the Old Marine Corps Air Station, El Toro, which is of great significance to Vietnamera Veterans. After much debate over the location, the council agreed on an ideal site, proposed by the FivePoint Company. The council’s leadership and resolve would be instrumental in helping pass the necessary resolutions to move forward on the Veterans Cemetery. The contributions made by FivePoint should also not go unknown. Fivepoint helped facilitate the selection of a pristine site for the veteran cemetery by proposing a land exchange deal with the Irvine City Council. Fivepoint’s unyielding support for the veteran community and the county illustrates their belief of being a community based cooperation. Finally, the Orange County Veterans Memorial Park Foundation, comprised of Korean and Vietnam War Veterans, was instrumental throughout the early conception of a Veterans Cemetery in Orange County. The relentless advocacy, collaboration, and achievements by Bill Cook, Zeke Hernandez, Brian Chuchua, Peter Katz, and Robert Brower will be a testament to their commitment to one another and the veteran community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the groups of individuals that have fought to establish a proper final resting place for our Nation’s Veterans and the positive impact they have made on the Orange County Community. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Brent Smith of Grimes, Iowa for being named the 2016 Grimes Citizen of the Year at the Grimes Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Citizen of the Year award celebrates a member of the community who has devoted their time and energy to making it a better place to live and raise a family. Brent has selflessly committed himself to making sure Grimes is one of Iowa’s most welcoming communities. He is an active member at First Presbyterian Church in Grimes, longtime Co Chair of the Grimes Governors Days, and can be found doing everything necessary to ensure the annual town celebration is a success, whether it’s organizing events during the festivities or putting up signs and picking up garbage. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent community leaders like Brent in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today for this outstanding accomplishment. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Brent for receiving this award and in wishing him nothing but continued success. A TRIBUTE TO SHADE TREE AUTO HON. DAVID YOUNG 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Shade Tree Auto of Grimes, Iowa for being named the 2016 Grimes Business of the Year at the Grimes Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Business of the Year award celebrates a local business that has helped serve the community in many different ways. Owner Clint Dudley founded the automotive repair shop in 2001 in Johnston, Iowa, and moved the business to Grimes in 2005, where a larger facility allowed them to conduct repairs quicker and to accommodate more types of vehicles. Shade Tree Auto has been the recipient of numerous awards over the years, including twice as the Blue Ribbon recipient of the Dream Big Small Business Award by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and five times with the AAA Top Shop Award. Not only is Shade Tree Auto a great business, they are also generous in giving back to the community, lending financial or volunteer help to as many events in Grimes as they can. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent business like Shade Tree Auto in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today for this outstanding accomplishment. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Shade Tree Auto for receiving this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Hypsie Salon Suites in Bondurant, Iowa for being named the 2016 Bondurant Small Business of the Year at this year’s Bondurant Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony. The Small Business of the Year Award recognizes an outstanding community business that has fewer than 10 employees. Through owner Crystal Trunnel and the salon’s suite owners, Hypsie has been providing the citizens of Bondurant with a salon that features a ‘‘small town feel, with a big city vibe.’’ The friendliness and professionalism of the staff has made Hypsie a staple in the Bondurant community. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent small businesses like Hypsie Salon in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today for this outstanding accomplishment. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Hypsie Salon Suites for receiving this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, October 30, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 4161–4167; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 88 were introduced.
Reports Filed:There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, Texas.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:02 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to examine the Authorizations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration perspectives, 5 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider the nomination of Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of the General Services Administration, 5:30 p.m., S–216, Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, October 30 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, postcloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Trevor N. McFadden, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, October 31 
HOUSE Cicilline, David N., R.I., E1447 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1449 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1448 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1447 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1449 Polis, Jared, Colo., E1448 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1448 Young, David, Iowa, E1447, E1447, E1447, E1448, E1448, E1449, E1449, E1450, E1450, E1450 