Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I am indeed proud to introduce the LWCF Parity for Territories and D.C. Act, with the support of all six Members of the House representing our U.S. territories and the District of Columbia as original cosponsors. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill gives parity to Guam, the other territories, and D.C. in annual funding from the Federal Land and Water Conservation Fund. Current law requires the territories and D.C. to split six ways a single State’s annual LWCF allocation. This bill fixes this disparity by providing a full, Stateequivalent share of Land and Water Conservation Fund funding for each territory and D.C. every year. This additional funding is needed to improve our public parks, our outdoor sports fields, and our community open spaces on Guam and the other territories, especially as Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands rebuild from recent hurricanes. So, Mr. Speaker, I encourage our colleagues to cosponsor this bipartisan legislation and support the LWCF parity for the territories and the District of Columbia. f 
WE MUST NOT ABUSE THE FOURTH AMENDMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, governments, militaries, and civilizations sometimes ignore history to justify their actions against individuals. A bit of history is important here. When the British controlled the Colonies, they heavily taxed the Colonies. Citizens had to pay a tax on goods they brought in to the Colonies. The Colonies had no say on the imposition of those taxes. That is another issue. The King issued writs of assistance. What that was was a piece of paper allowing the British military to go into businesses and homes, unreasonably, to search to see if the Colonies were paying the tax on imported goods. For example, John Hancock was a merchant. They would search his business to see if he had a tax stamp on the rum he brought the Colonies. The right of privacy and the right to say something about your taxes were two reasons for the American Revolution that came about. The right of privacy is a natural right, as Thomas Jefferson said, one of the rights given to us by our Creator. So, our ancestors wrote the Fourth Amendment, unique to the United States, and here is what it says: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation’’—that means the officer has to swear to it—‘‘and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized’’—Fourth Amendment. So what does that have to do with us today? I will explain. Congress has passed the FISA legislation, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which allows government to go after terrorists and people who are working as an agent of a foreign government and search their information. They go to a secret court and get a secret warrant—it is called a FISA warrant—from a FISA judge to allow that search of all that information. Separate the bad guys from Americans who they may be communicating with unrelated to terrorism. They may be cousins talking about whatever. But government, our government, NSA, seizes that information on Americans— emails, conversations, text messages— seizes all that information and keeps it forever. And here is what happens in the violation of Americans’ right of privacy: Government then can go back into that information, unrelated to terrorism, to search to see if those people are paying their taxes. Maybe somebody didn’t pay their taxes on importation of Irish whiskey. So the government, IRS, files a criminal case against that American citizen. 
Remember, all of that information was based upon no probable cause warrant issued by a real judge. We are getting ready to reauthorize, maybe, FISA, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Before we do that, we need to protect Americans’ right of privacy. It is in a section called 702. It really gets down in the weeds. 702 has been abused by government to seize American information and then keep it forever. Government then peruses that, based upon their hightech guys in the NSA, to see if crimes were committed or not. They have no warrant, no probable cause, nobody sworn to the warrant. I used to be a judge. I signed lots of probable cause warrants. But here it is just seized because government says: Well, we have got it because we were looking for a terrorist and it is an incidental search, and we want to keep it. That is a violation of the Constitution. We should make sure Americans’ right of privacy is protected before we reauthorize FISA. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this article, ‘‘Secret Court Rebukes NSA for 5Year Illegal Surveillance of U.S. Citizens,’’ to illustrate. 
SECRET COURT REBUKES NSA FOR5YEAR ILLEGAL SURVEILLANCE OF U.S. C ITIZENS  (By Tim Johnson) WASHINGTON .—U.S. intelligence agencies conducted illegal surveillance on American citizens over a fiveyear period, a practice that earned them a sharp rebuke from a secret court that called the matter a ‘‘very serious’’ constitutional issue. The criticism is in a lengthy secret ruling that lays bare some of the frictions between the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and U.S. intelligence agencies obligated to obtain the court’s approval for surveillance activities. The ruling, dated April 26 and bearing the label ‘‘top secret,’’ was obtained and published Thursday by the news site Circa. It is rare that such rulings see the light of day, and the lengthy unraveling of issues in the 99page document opens a window on how the secret federal court oversees surveillance activities and seeks to curtail those that it deems overstep legal authority. The document, signed by Judge Rosemary M. Collyer, said the court had learned in a notice filed Oct. 26, 2016, that National Security Agency analysts had been conducting prohibited queries of databases ‘‘with much greater frequency than had previously been disclosed to the court.’’ It said a judge chastised the NSA’s inspector general and Office of Compliance for Operations for an ‘‘institutional ‘lack of candor’’’ for failing to inform the court. It described the matter as ‘‘a very serious Fourth Amendment issue.’’ The Fourth Amendment protects people from unreasonable searches and seizures by the government, and is a constitutional bedrock protection against intrusion. Parts of the ruling were redacted, including sections that give an indication of the extent of the illegal surveillance, which the NSA told the court in a Jan. 3 notice was partly the fault of ‘‘human error’’ and ‘‘system design issues’’ rather than intentional illegal searches. The NSA inspector general’s office tallied up the number of prohibited searches conducted in a threemonth period in 2015, but the number of analysts who made the searches and the number of queries were blacked out in the ruling. The NSA gathers communications in ways known as ‘‘upstream’’ and ‘‘downstream’’ collection. Upstream collection occurs when data are captured as they move through massive data highways—the internet backbone—within the United States. Downstream collection occurs as data move outside the country along fiber optic cables and satellite links. Data captured from both upstream and downstream sources are stored in massive databases, available to be searched when analysts need to, often months or as much as two years after the captures took place. The prohibited searches the court mentioned involved NSA queries into the upstream databanks, which constitute a fraction of all the data NSA captures around the globe but are more likely to contain the emails and phone calls of people in the United States. Federal law empowers the NSA and CIA to battle foreign terrorist actions against the United States by collecting the electronic communications of targets believed to be outside the country. While communications of U.S. citizens or residents may get hoovered up in such sweeps, they are considered ‘‘incidental’’ and must be ‘‘minimized’’—removing the identities of Americans—before broader distribution. The court filing noted an NSA decision March 30 to narrow collection of ‘‘upstream’’ data within the United States. Under that decision, the NSA acknowledged that it had erred in sweeping up the communications of U.S. citizens or residents but said those errors ‘‘were not willful.’’ Even so, the NSA said it would no longer collect certain kinds of data known as ‘‘about’’ communications, in which a U.S. citizen was merely mentioned. The NSA announced that change publicly on April 28, two days after the court ruling, saying the agency would limit its sweeps to communications either directly to or from a foreign intelligence target. That change would reduce ‘‘the likelihood that NSA will acquire communications of U.S. persons or others who are not in direct contact with one of the agency’s foreign intelligence targets.’’ The court document also criticized the FBI’s distribution of intelligence data, saying it had disclosed raw surveillance data to sectors of its bureaucracy ‘‘largely staffed by private contractors.’’ The ‘‘contractors had access to raw FISA information that went well beyond what was necessary to respond to the FBI’s requests,’’ it said, adding that the bureau discontinued the practice on April 18, 2016. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we must remember history. We must not abuse the Fourth Amendment. It is Congress’ responsibility to protect the natural right of citizens’ right of privacy. Get a warrant or don’t make the search. And that is just the way it is. 
LIMIT PRESIDENTIAL PARDON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a constitutional amendment I have introduced today to prevent the President of the United States, or any future President of the United States, from pardoning himself or herself, members of their family, members of their administration, or members of their Presidential campaign. Monday’s indictment of President Trump’s campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and guilty plea of another campaign staff member demonstrate how important it is for Congress to act. The pardon power is supposed to be a safety valve against injustice, a vestige from when we were part of Britain and the King had this power. We are no longer part of Britain, and that power should not be as complete as it is. It is not supposed to be a way for Presidents to put themselves, their families, and members of their administration and their campaign team above the law, to obstruct justice if there is an investigation of wrongdoing. Unless we change the Constitution, this is how it can be used and may be used. We should stop this conflict of interest from ever arising. There are already serious questions swirling around the current President, his family, and members of his administration and his campaign staff, including possible collusion with Russia during the 2016 Presidential election currently being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller. To ensure that everyone is treated equally under the law, we need to amend the Constitution to narrow the scope of the pardon power. For some who may say this is only because of the current President, I would say: I objected to the pardon of the brother of a President in the past; in 1977, I proposed changing the pardon power in Tennessee through a constitutional convention item that would have said four Supreme Court Justices could disapprove of a gubernatorial pardon; and I also proposed in 2007, in this Congress, a change in the pardon power with the Supreme Court of our United States where a vote of six members could veto a pardon. The pardon power is a vestige of a day gone by. It is not something that we should have complete and total ability of the President to use to pardon whomever and whatever he pleases and to obstruct justice. I ask my fellow Members to join me in this amendment to protect America, to see that our Constitution is current and reflects our values, and to not be complicit in any activities that this President may use with the pardon power to free up wrongdoers. f 
CONGRATULATING EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, growing up in Kansas, I had many opportunities to visit the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library, Museum and Boyhood Home. Some of my greatest memories go back to visiting Ike: on my 10th birthday, my entire family drove up to Abilene, Kansas, to visit the museum, and, 
later on, in Rotary, multiple opportunities to go to the museum and to his library and honor Ike. But, perhaps, the greatest memory I had was when my father was allowed to represent Kansas in Ike’s color guard during his funeral procession from Washington, D.C., to Abilene, Kansas. Like many fellow Kansans, I found Ike’s devotion to public service, his leadership, and his integrity to be inspiring, both in his role as Supreme Allied Commander during World War II and during his time as the 34th President of the United States. In October of 1999, this Congress recognized the significance of General Eisenhower to the United States and passed legislation directing the construction of a national memorial in his honor. This week, this very week, this Friday, the Eisenhower Memorial Commission will finally break ground on the construction of this memorial to commemorate the favorite son of Kansas here in our Nation’s Capital. I want to congratulate and thank several other Kansan legends who are a part of this commission—Senator Bob Dole, Senator PATROBERTS , and Senator Nancy Kassebaum—for their work on achieving this milestone, and we look forward to sharing Ike’s legacy with generations to come. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, November is Prematurity Awareness Month, and I rise today to discuss the fight to prevent premature births. I remember my very first night alone at Bayfront Medical Center as a second year OB/GYN resident when I was summoned to the labor and delivery unit at 2 in the morning. There, I found a young lady who never had prenatal care, who literally was bleeding to death as her placenta was tearing away from her uterus. As we rushed her back to the operating room, I did a quick sonogram to figure out if these babies were viable. Just glancing at her, she looked like she was 22 or 23 weeks along. I quickly saw that not only was there one baby in this uterus, but there were two babies. Though we got the babies out in less than 30 seconds, both of those babies perished from their extreme prematurity. That has been 25 or 30 years ago, Mr. Speaker, and to this day prematurity is still the number one cause of death for infants. One out of ten babies are still born premature, and one out of three of those still die. Though we have done a great job in treating these premature babies, we have done very little to lower the incidence of premature births. That is why I rise today: to recognize this problem, and to tell everyone that the most important step you can do to prevent premature birth is early prenatal care. That is why, wherever I have been, whether it was a residency in St. Petersburg, Florida, or delivering babies in Great Bend, Kansas, I made sure that every patient, regardless of their ability to pay, had early access to prenatal care early on in their pregnancy that hopefully identified the risk that might lead to premature birth. NATIONAL VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS WEEK  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Veterans Small Business Week, so I rise today to acknowledge the contribution that these folks have given not only in their service to our country, but also to their communities and businesses. Veterans bring a unique perspective to entrepreneurship, taking the leadership skills that they developed during their military careers and applying it to starting and growing a business. Nearly 1 in every 10 businesses in this country is owned by a veteran, creating annual sales of over $1 trillion each year and employing over 5 million Americans across the country. Veteranowned businesses are a pillar of our economy. I applaud the success of these veteran entrepreneurs, both in Kansas and across the country, and ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating National Veterans Small Business Week. Mr. Speaker, there are so many veteran businesses I can honor today, but here are just a few of them listed from our own Fort Riley area, Junction City: Tim’s Auto Sales, Godfrey’s Shooting Range, Coyotes Saloon, Disabled American Veterans Engraving Service, Donnerson Mobile Gaming, Mastercut Lawn and Landscape, Rainbow International, The Veteran Woman, JC CrossFit, 360 Kayaking, Fitzgerald’s Gunsmithing, and Studio Pink Candy Boutique. Mr. Speaker, those are just but a few of the veteranled businesses in my own district, and we are so proud of them and salute them on this week. 
b1215 OUR ECONOMY IS GROWING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, several economic indicators show us that our economy is growing: the unemployment rate is down, the stock market is up, consumer confidence is at its highest level in over a decade, and businesses are starting to invest in their future again. However, we cannot rest on this shortterm snapshot. For too long, topdown policies from Washington have built a system that is based on protecting the status quo rather than helping small businesses and middle class families. We need to embrace a governing vision that advances the American Dream and puts jobs and economic growth above the partisanship that too often divides us, and this starts with tax reform. If this Congress is serious about standing up for middle class families and unleashing the power of the American economy, tax reform is the natural starting point. The model is straightforward. We need to simplify the ridiculously complex Internal Revenue Code, eliminate the loopholes that allow corporations and individuals to avoid paying their fair share, lower the rates for middle class families and for small businesses, and to broaden the tax base. We have the chance to make real, lasting changes to our broken and bloated tax system, and we need to act now. As a CPA and a member of the Small Business Committee and as a concerned taxpayer, I am committed to fighting for real tax reform based on three core principles: encouraging growth, simplifying the Tax Code itself, and increasing service for the taxpayers. The time is now to act. RECOGNIZING BILL PEZZA  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, Bristol Borough won the Small Business Revolution, earning the borough a $500,000 grant to revitalize the community through small business development and entrepreneurship. Integral to this effort was Mr. Bill Pezza, an individual who defines everything that is great about Bucks County and everything that is great about Bristol Borough. Bill is a lifelong resident of Bristol, and his love for his hometown shines through in everything he does. He has served the community as an educator on the Bristol Borough Council, as a member of the school board, and as a community activist. He has championed local businesses, creating an organization called Raising the Bar, a program which brought community leaders and business owners together to support the local Bristol Borough economy. Focused on development and community preservation, he continues to find new ways to serve the Bristol Borough community today. Bill would be the first one to tell you that the many recognitions he has earned throughout the years belong to the community and not just to him, which is a true sign of his character. However, Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Bill today for being named Person of the Year at this year’s Bristol Fall Classic. I am deeply grateful to Bill for the positive impact on our community, and I congratulate him, his wife, Karen, and his entire family for this muchdeserved recognition. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Compassionate and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Give the Members of this House strength, fortitude, and patience. Fill their parties with charity; their minds with understanding; their wills with courage to do the right thing for all of America. In the work to be done in the week to come may they rise together to accomplish what is best for our great Nation. Last week, we honored, and we thank You for the service rendered to the Allied cause of the Filipino veterans of World War II. May we always be grateful for the courageous in our midst, and the sacrifices of so many that we might enjoy the freedoms we have as a nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 27, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on October 27, 2017, at 9:48 a.m.: That the Senate concurs in the House amendment to the bill S. 782. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 28. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
MADE IN SOUTH CAROLINA CREATES JOBS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to recognize the statewide consortium of ten institutions of higher education in South Carolina for receiving a 5year Research Infrastructure Improvement Track1 grant from the National Science Foundation’s Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research. This grant led to the creation of the Materials, Assembly, and Design Excellence in South Carolina initiative—or MADE in South Carolina—to create jobs. This grant encourages small businesses to grow by providing seed money through the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer awards to businesses and materialsrelated projects. This consortium will further foster research and development in the State by focusing on advanced materials discovery and optimization efforts that are in high demand. MADE in South Carolina will boost the manufacturing and materials science workforce by adding new undergraduate degree programs and expanding current coursework, which will provide and increase the skilledlabor workforce. As a proponent of creating jobs and encouraging manufacturing across South Carolina, I look forward to seeing these higher education institutions utilizing the grant to stimulate small business growth, jobs, and valuable research. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 5 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 5 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2921) to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National Forest System land to better protect utility infrastructure from passing wildfire, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2921 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Forest System Vegetation Management Pilot Program Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. UTILITY INFRASTRUCTURE RIGHTSOF WAY VEGETATION MANAGEMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—To encourage owners or operators of rightsofway on National Forest System land to partner with the Forest Service to voluntarily perform vegetation management on a proactive basis to better protect utility infrastructure from potential passing wildfires, the Secretary shall conduct a limited, voluntary pilot program, in the manner described in this section, to permit vegetation management projects on National Forest System land adjacent to or near such rightsofway. (b) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—A participant in the pilot program must have a rightof way on National Forest System land. In selecting participants, the Secretary shall give priority to holders of a rightofway who have worked with Forest Service fire scientists and used technologies, such as Light Detection and Ranging surveys, to improve utility infrastructure protection prescriptions. (c) PROJECT ELEMENTS .—A vegetation management project under the pilot program involves limited and selective vegetation management activities, which— (1) shall create the least amount of disturbance reasonably necessary to protect utility infrastructure from passing wildfires based on applicable models, including Forest Service fuel models; (2) may include thinning, fuel reduction, creation and treatment of shaded fuel breaks, and other measures as appropriate; (3) shall only take place adjacent to the participant’s rightofway or within 75 feet of the participant’s rightofway; (4) shall not take place in any designated wilderness area, wilderness study area, or inventoried roadless area; and (5) shall be subject to approval by the Forest Service in accordance with this Act. (d) PROJECT COSTS.—A participant in the pilot program shall be responsible for all costs, as determined by the Secretary, incurred in participating in the pilot program, unless the Secretary determines that it is in the public interest for the Forest Service to contribute funds for a vegetation management project conducted under the pilot program. 
(e) L IABILITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Participation in the pilot program does not affect any existing legal obligations or liability standards that— (A) arise under the rightofway for activities in the rightofway; or (B) apply to fires resulting from causes other than activities conducted pursuant to an approved vegetation management project. (2) PROJECT WORK .—A participant shall not be liable to the United States for damage proximately caused by activities conducted pursuant to an approved vegetation management project unless— (A) such activities were carried out in a manner that was grossly negligent or that violated criminal law; or (B) the damage was caused by the failure of the participant to comply with specific safety requirements expressly imposed by the Forest Service as a condition of participating in the pilot program. (f) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall utilize existing laws and regulations in the conduct of the pilot program and, in order to implement the pilot program in an efficient and expeditious manner, may waive or modify specific provisions of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, including modifications to allow for formation of contracts or agreements on a noncompetitive basis. (g) TREATMENT OF PROCEEDS .—Notwith standing any other provision of law, the Secretary may— (1) retain any funds provided to the Forest Service by a participant in the pilot program; and (2) use such funds, in such amounts as may be appropriated, in the conduct of the pilot program. (h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND .—The term ‘‘National Forest System land’’ means land within the National Forest System, as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) exclusive of the National Grasslands and land utilization projects designated as National Grasslands administered pursuant to the Act of July 22, 1937 (7 U.S.C. 1010–1012). (2) PASSING WILDFIRE .—The term ‘‘passing wildfire’’ means a wildfire that originates outside the rightofway. (3) RIGHTOFWAY.—The term ‘‘rightof way’’ means a special use authorization issued by the Forest Service allowing the placement of utility infrastructure. (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (5) UTILITY INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘‘utility infrastructure’’ means electric transmission lines, natural gas infrastructure, or related structures. (i) DURATION .—The authority to conduct the pilot program, and any vegetation management project under the pilot program, expires December 21, 2027. (j) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than December 31, 2019, and every two years thereafter, the Secretary shall issue a report to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives on the status of the program and any projects established under this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2921, the National Forest System Vegetation Management Pilot Program Act of 2017. This legislation authorizes the U.S. Forest Service to create a pilot program to assist in the management of our Federal forests to reduce wildfire risk and associated costs. These management pilot projects are approved by the Forest Service, but will be conducted and paid for by the private sector. This collaborative approach will ensure a more stable power grid for Americans in rural areas. Deteriorating forest health is a problem felt across the United States, particularly in the West. This has resulted in increased fire threats to the electric transmission and associated utility infrastructures across the Forest Service land. The Government Accountability Office has found that fuel reduction treatment projects reduce flammable vegetation, minimize the severity of wildland fires, create landscape resiliency to fire, and provide firefighter access during fire suppression activities. Utility infrastructure destroyed by a fire or a fallen dead tree is costly to repair or replace, and outages can result in significant economic costs to businesses and homes. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to allow utilities to collaborate with the Forest Service to keep the lights on in rural communities, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2921, the National Forest System Vegetation Management Pilot Program Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2921 is a bipartisan bill that would help protect electric transmission lines from forest fires and other potential forest management issues. The bill creates voluntary pilot project authority for the U.S. Forest Service to partner with the private sector to proactively undertake limited and selective vegetation management projects near utility infrastructure. These pilot projects include, but are not limited to, things like tree thinning and fuel reduction, which would help to alleviate some of the risk of forest fires and enhance electric reliability. H.R. 2921 requires that all projects comply with existing environmental laws. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. It is no secret that a reliable supply of electricity is important to us on many levels, from human health, and, of course, to commercial productivity. As a former public service commissioner, I can tell you that one of the main reasons for large outages is trees growing in power lines. And one of the reasons for forest fires, oftentimes, is power lines falling in the forest. Fires get to the power lines; power lines create fires. This bill, I think, helps alleviate some of that. With consumers and regulators demanding, of course, reliable service, and a utility company’s natural incentive to keep the sale of electrons flowing, vegetation management has improved tremendously over the years. However, deep within the lands that are managed by our Federal agencies, the potential for problems persists. My bill creates a pilot program, as the chairman described, for utility companies to partner with the Forest Service to voluntarily perform vegetation management proactively. Under Forest Service approval, utilities can propose a plan to selectively manage vegetation within 75 feet of the right ofway with the least amount of disturbances as reasonably possible, and outside of designated wilderness areas is a very important point. All of that work would be paid for by the utility company, not by the Federal Government. Currently, this offer of rightofway work is the responsibility of the government, and with a strict liability standard, Mr. Speaker, to any utility company to step in and help. There is not an incentive—in fact, there is a disincentive for them to do so. So under the pilot program, these activities will be subject to a more appropriate standard of liability, a gross negligence standard, along with any specific safety requirements imposed under the programs in agreement with the Forest Service. It removes the barrier for utility companies to carry out this important work not currently being done by them, to reduce direct impacts to damage utility infrastructure, and the amount of fuel for possible forest fires. There is a lot of bipartisan support for this. I appreciate my friends in the more mountainous and more forested regions than the prairies of North Dakota on both side of the aisle. I know there is good support in the Senate as well. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the passage of H.R. 2921, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2921. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
KISATCHIE NATIONAL FOREST LAND CONVEYANCE ACT Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2941) to provide for the conveyance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2941 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kisatchie National Forest Land Conveyance Act’’. 
Congress finds that it is in the public interest to authorize the conveyance of certain Federal land in the Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana for market value consideration. 
In this Act: (1) COLLINS CAMP PROPERTIES .—The term ‘‘Collins Camp Properties’’ means Collins Camp Properties, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (3) STATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Louisiana. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION OF CONVEYANCES, KISATCHIE NATIONAL FOREST, LOUISIANA. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and subsection (b), the Secretary may convey the Federal land described in paragraph (2) by quitclaim deed at public or private sale, including competitive sale by auction, bid, or other methods. (2) DESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The Federal land referred to in paragraph (1) consists of— (A) all Federal land within sec. 9, T. 10 N., R. 5 W., Winn Parish, Louisiana; and (B) a 2.16acre parcel of Federal land located in the SW1⁄4of sec. 4, T. 10 N., R. 5 W., Winn Parish, Louisiana, as depicted on a certificate of survey dated March 7, 2007, by Glen L. Cannon, P.L.S. 4436. (b) FIRST RIGHT OF PURCHASE .—Subject to valid existing rights and section 6, during the 1year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, on the provision of consideration by the Collins Camp Properties to the Secretary, the Secretary shall convey, by quitclaim deed, to Collins Camp Properties all right, title and interest of the United States in and to— (1) not more than 47.92 acres of Federal land comprising the Collins Campsites within sec. 9, T. 10 N., R. 5 W., in Winn Parish, Louisiana, as generally depicted on a certificate of survey dated February 28, 2007, by Glen L. Cannon, P.L.S. 4436; and (2) the parcel of Federal land described in subsection (a)(2)(B). (c) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may— (1) configure the Federal land to be conveyed under this Act— (A) to maximize the marketability of the conveyance; or (B) to achieve management objectives; and (2) establish any terms and conditions for the conveyances under this Act that the Secretary determines to be in the public interest. (d) CONSIDERATION .—Consideration for a conveyance of Federal land under this Act shall be— (1) in the form of cash; and (2) in an amount equal to the market value of the Federal land being conveyed, as determined under subsection (e). (e) MARKET VALUE .—The market value of the Federal land conveyed under this Act shall be determined— (1) in the case of Federal land conveyed under subsection (b), by an appraisal that is— (A) conducted in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions; and (B) approved by the Secretary; or (2) if conveyed by a method other than the methods described in subsection (b), by competitive sale. (f) HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In any conveyance of Federal land under this Act, the Secretary shall meet disclosure requirements for hazardous substances, but shall otherwise not be required to remediate or abate the substances. (2) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section otherwise affects the application of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) to the conveyances of Federal land. 
The Secretary shall deposit the proceeds of a conveyance of Federal land under section 4 in the fund established under Public Law 90– 171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 484a). 
(a) C OSTS.—As a condition of a conveyance of Federal land to Collins Camp Properties under section 4, the Secretary shall require Collins Camp Properties to pay at closing— (1) reasonable appraisal costs; and (2) the cost of any administrative and environmental analyses required by law (including regulations). (b) PERMITS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—An offer by Collins Camp Properties for the acquisition of the Federal land under section 4 shall be accompanied by a written statement from each holder of a Forest Service special use authorization with respect to the Federal land that specifies that the holder agrees to relinquish the special use authorization on the conveyance of the Federal land to Collins Camp Properties. (2) SPECIAL USE AUTHORIZATIONS .—If any holder of a special use authorization described in paragraph (1) fails to provide a written authorization in accordance with that paragraph, the Secretary shall require, as a condition of the conveyance, that Collins Camp Properties administer the special use authorization according to the terms of the special use authorization until the date on which the special use authorization expires. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2941, the Kisatchie National Forest Land Conveyance Act. This measure introduced by our colleague, Mr. ABRAHAM , authorizes the USDA to sell specified Federal land in Winn Parish, Louisiana. The rural residential qualities of the land make it incompatible with National Forest management, and this transfer would eliminate unnecessary administrative and boundary maintenance costs on the already strained Forest Service. The Kisatchie National Forest is rich in renewable wildlife resources, and supporting wilderness habitat is vital to their sustainability. This transfer, supported by the Forest Service, will allow the forest to be managed at the highest level of stewardship. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2941, the Kisatchie National Forest Land Conveyance Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2941 permits the sale of two isolated parcels of Kisatchie National Forest land, totaling approximately 50 acres. These parcels are isolated from the forest’s core lands and are intermixed with private land and residences, leaving it incompatible with the National Forest management. The proceeds from the sale of these parcels will be made available for the acquisition of lands and interest in the Kisatchie National Forest. Under H.R. 2941, the Secretary of Agriculture is required to first convey a portion of the land to Collins Camp Properties. Collins Camp Properties must pay reasonable appraisal costs and costs of any required administrative and environmental analysis. H.R. 2941 allows the Kisatchie National Forest to consolidate ownership of natural lands and continues the strong tradition of the National Forest Service acting as stewards for the environment. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the passage of H.R. 2941. I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for her support. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2941. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING PURCHASE OF SMALL PARCEL OF NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE PROPERTY IN RIVERSIDE, CALIFORNIA Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3567) to authorize the purchase of a small parcel of Natural Resources Conservation Service property in Riverside, California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3567 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Congress finds as follows: (1) Since 1935, the United States has owned a parcel of land in Riverside, California, consisting of approximately 8.75 acres, more specifically described in section 2(a) (in this section referred to as the ‘‘property’’). (2) The property is under the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture and has been variously used for research and plant materials purposes. (3) Since 1998, the property has been administered by the Natural Resources Conservation Service of the Department of Agriculture. (4) Since 2002, the property has been co managed under a cooperative agreement between the Natural Resources Conservation Service and the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, which is a legal subdivision of the State of California under section 9003 of the California Public Resources Code. (5) The Conservation District wishes to purchase the property and use it for conservation, environmental, and related educational purposes. (6) As provided in section 2, the purchase of the property by the Conservation District would promote the conservation education and related activities of the Conservation District and result in savings to the Federal Government. 
SEC. 2. LAND PURCHASE, NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE PROPERTY, RIVERSIDE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) P URCHASE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall sell and quitclaim to the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Conservation District’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, that is located at 4500 Glenwood Drive in Riverside, California, consists of approximately 8.75 acres, and is administered by the Natural Resources Conservation Service of the Department of Agriculture. As necessary or desirable to facilitate the purchase of the property under this section, the Secretary or the Conservation District may survey all or portions of the property. (b) CONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the purchase of the property under this section, the Conservation District shall pay to the Secretary of Agriculture an amount equal to the appraised value of the property. (c) PROHIBITION ON RESERVATION OF INTER EST.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall not reserve any future interest in the property to be conveyed under this section, except such interest as may be acceptable to the Conservation District. (d) HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES .—Notwith standing section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) or the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), in the case of the property purchased by the Conservation District under this section, the Secretary of Agriculture shall be only required to meet the disclosure requirements for hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants, but shall otherwise not be required to remediate or abate any such releases of hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants, including petroleum and petroleum derivatives. (e) COOPERATIVE AUTHORITY .— (1) LEASES , CONTRACTS , AND COOPERATIVE  
AGREEMENTS AUTHORIZED .—In conjunction with, or in addition to, the purchase of the property by the Conservation District under this section, the Secretary of Agriculture may enter into leases, contracts and cooperative agreements with the Conservation District. (2) SOLE SOURCE .—Notwithstanding sections 3105, 3301, and 3303 to 3305 of title 41, United States Code, or any other provision of law, the Secretary may lease real property from the Conservation District on a noncompetitive basis. (3) NONEXCLUSIVE AUTHORITY .—The au thority provided by this subsection is in addition to any other authority of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas. There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3567, to authorize the transfer of the title of land owned by the NRCS in Riverside, California, to the RiversideCorona Resource Conservation District. The conservation district has invested $2.8 million in the facility with the hope of eventually acquiring the property, and would like to invest in further improvements when the property title issue is resolved. Conservation districts work closely with their Federal partner, the NRCS. This legislation is a simple fix to allow the RiversideCorona district to utilize the facility and serve the local folks on the ground through voluntary, incentivebased conservation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3567. H.R. 3567 will allow California’s RiversideCorona Resource Conservation District to purchase at appraised value the parcel of property on which it is currently located, which is the former U.S. Salinity Laboratory. The property is currently administered by the USDA’s Natural Resources Conservation Service and is being comanaged under a cooperative agreement. The cooperative agreement dates back to 1996. Since that time, the RiversideCorona Resource Conservation District has invested $2.8 million into the property with the understanding that NRCS would eventually transfer ownership. The RiversideCorona Resource Conservation District provides natural resource conservation through education, collaboration, and technical assistance in southern California. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the House to approve H.R. 3567, a necessary and longoverdue piece of legislation. This is a straightforward, commonsense bill that authorizes the purchase of a small parcel of Natural Resources Conservation Service property in Riverside, California, by the RiversideCorona Resource Conservation District. Since 1996, the conservation district has partnered with NRCS to acquire, colocate and manage what was previously the USDA Salinity Laboratory. Following acquisition of the property, NRCS has not obligated any Federal funds for plant materials research at the Riverside location in question. On the other hand, the conservation district, as has been mentioned, has invested $2.8 million in improvements and upgrade to the property. All along, the conservation district has an understanding with NRCS that they would eventually transfer the property to its ownership. b1715 Following a series of changes in personnel within NRCS, the conservation district was informed that legislation authorizing such a transfer would be necessary. H.R. 3567 authorizes USDA to sell the NRCS property in Riverside to the conservation district for an amount equal to the appraised value of the property. The legislation further states that current NRCS operation at the property shall be allowed to continue at no cost to the Federal Government. In closing, this legislation will provide longterm security for the conservation district and the investments it has, and will continue to make, in the property. It also protects the interests of the NRCS and the Federal Government for as long as its limited use of the property is needed. 
H.R. 3567 is a winwin solution for all stakeholders, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for his remarks, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for her support, and I urge all Members to support the passage of H.R. 3567. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3567. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SOUTH CAROLINA PEANUT PARITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2521) to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to include South Carolina as a part of the Virginia/Carolina peanut producing region for purposes of appointment to the Peanut Standards Board. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2521 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SOUTH CAROLINA INCLUSION IN VIRGINIA/CAROLINA PEANUT PRODUCING REGION. 
Section 1308(c)(2)(B)(iii) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 7958(c)(2)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Virginia and North Carolina’’ and inserting ‘‘Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2521, the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017. This legislation would allow for a representative of the South Carolina peanut industry to be eligible for appointment to the Peanut Standards Board, which is tasked with the important role of establishing quality and handling standards for domestic and imported peanuts. At the time the Peanut Standards Board was created, South Carolina was not a major peanutproducing State. However, now they are the fourth largest peanutgrowing State and produce over 8 percent of U.S.grown peanuts, and they deserve to have input into the establishment or alteration of industry standards. This bill would accomplish that by including South Carolina in the Virginia/Carolina peanutproducing region for the purpose of appointments to the Peanut Standards Board. I want to thank Representative WILSONand the entire South Carolina delegation for their work on this legislation. This measure is broadly supported by the U.S. peanut industry and the American Farm Bureau Federation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2521, the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the 2002 farm bill established the Peanut Standards Board to advise the Secretary of Agriculture on quality and handling standards for domestically produced and imported peanuts. The board consists of 18 members representing three regions: the Southeast, the Southwest, and the Virginia/ North Carolina region. Despite its status as the Nation’s fourth largest peanutproducing State, South Carolina is not represented on the Peanut Standards Board. H.R. 2521, or the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017, would correct this problem by adding South Carolina to the Virginia/North Carolina region and making peanut farmers and industry representatives from the State eligible for board appointments. The legislation has the support of the entire South Carolina delegation as well as the support of South Carolina, Virginia, and North Carolina peanut growers. In conclusion, H.R. 2521 gives South Carolinians a rightful opportunity to serve on the Peanut Standards Board. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman RICK CRAWFORD for his leadership today. I am grateful to sponsor and support the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017, H.R. 2521. This bipartisan bill is cosponsored by all seven Members of the South Carolina delegation. It gives the hardworking peanut farmers of South Carolina a voice and say on the United States Department of Agriculture Peanut Standards Board. South Carolina is fortunate to have Agriculture Commissioner Hugh Weathers from Bowman for his leadership. When the 2002 farm bill created the USDA Peanut Standards Board to advise on standards for the handling and quality of peanuts, South Carolina was not a substantial peanut grower. Since then, South Carolina peanut production has increased significantly, as it now produces 8 percent of the United States peanut crop, making the Palmetto State the fourth largest peanut producing State. As I have said before, South Carolina appreciates peanuts so much that the State legislature has selected the boiled peanut as the State’s official snack. Each year, I look forward to the Pelion Peanut Party festival which celebrates the importance of peanuts which is held in Pelion, South Carolina, led by Mayor Barbara Carey. The midlands of South Carolina is fortunate to have enterprising entrepreneurs promoting boiled peanuts with Four Oaks Farm of Lexington owned by the Mathias family and the appreciated Cromer’s peanuts of Columbia, heralded as ‘‘guaranteed worst in town.’’ That is actually meant as a compliment. My South Carolina colleagues and I are grateful to acknowledge the significant increase in the peanut crops in the State and to advocate for the increase to be reflected on the Peanut Standards Board. We look forward to encouraging peanut farmers in South Carolina creating jobs and having their valuable input reflected on the national level. Mr. Speaker, I urge support today of H.R. 2521. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ), a member of the State’s delegation. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2521, the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017. I am proud to join Representative JOEWILSON , who has been a real leader in the area, and the entire South Carolina delegation as a cosponsor of the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017, an important bill for South Carolina’s peanut farmers. I also commend Harry Ott of the Farm Bureau who has been a great leader in this effort. Mr. Speaker, South Carolina has experienced explosive growth in peanut farming in recent years, going from producing very few peanuts in the early 2000s to becoming the fourth largest peanutproducing State today, led by Brent Cogdill from Sumter. This legislation will finally give South Carolina peanut farmers their much deserved representation on the Peanut Standards Board. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation for South Carolina’s peanut producers. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the gentleman from South Carolina for his comments. And to my friend, the gentlewoman from Ohio, if only the farm bill was this easy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2521. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SUDAN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–75) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1622(d), provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to Sudan declared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, is to continue in effect beyond November 3, 2017. Despite recent positive developments, the crisis constituted by the actions and policies of the Government of Sudan that led to the declaration of a national emergency in Executive Order 13067; the expansion of that emergency in Executive Order 13400 of April 26, 2006; and with respect to which additional steps were taken in Executive Order 13412 of October 13, 2006, Executive Order 13761 of January 13, 2017, and Executive Order 13804 of July 11, 2017, has not been resolved. These actions and policies continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. I have, therefore, determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13067, as expanded by Executive Order 13400, with respect to Sudan. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , October 31, 2017. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. TENNEY ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
SOUTH CAROLINA PEANUT PARITY ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2521) to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to include South Carolina as a part of the Virginia/Carolina peanut producing region for purposes of appointment to the Peanut Standards Board, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 394, nays 1, not voting 37, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Aguilar Barr Barraga´n Blackburn Bridenstine Butterfield DeGette DesJarlais Duffy Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gianforte Gonzalez (TX) Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hill Hurd Love Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Pascrell Pocan Polis Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Simpson Thornberry Veasey Vela´zquez Westerman Yoder 
b1855 Mr. MEADOWS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Madam Speaker, I had a family commitment and could not attend votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 591. Mr. HURD. Madam Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 591. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2936, RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–378) on the resolution (H. Res. 595) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2936) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 620 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to be removed from H.R. 620. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GALLAGHER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. 
b1900 HONORING THE LIFE OF LESLIE AMUNDSON (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Leslie Amundson from my hometown of Sunnyside, Washington. Les was a decorated war veteran, a smallbusiness owner, a farmer, and, truly, a pillar of our local community. Les served this country honorably. As an Army Air Corps pilot during World War II, his plane was shot down over Holland. He and his crew spent a month hiding underground and being cared for by the Dutch people before being captured by the Nazis. Les served 18 months at a prisoner of war camp and earned a Purple Heart. His family’s roots were only strengthened when Les married and bought a farm in Sunnyside where he and his wife, Helen, raised their five children. He would often find opportunities to contribute and to help those around him, and his appreciation for the community showed in his actions. Les leaves behind a legacy of devotion to the people of Sunnyside and to our Nation. My thoughts and prayers are with his family during this difficult time, and I ask my colleagues to please join me in remembering my friend Les Amundson. f 
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION MUST CONTINUE IN HOUSE UNIMPEDED (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we learned that the first charges of Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation had been filed against President Trump’s campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and his business associate Rick Gates. But just as importantly, we learned that former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his attempts to contact the Russian Government. The investigation is gaining momentum and must go on. In the Senate, Majority Leader MCCONNELL has refused to commit floor time to legislation to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation from outside interference. If the Senate refuses to act, the House must. It is imperative that we allow the investigation into Russian interference in our democracy to continue unimpeded and unhindered. Yesterday’s news may be the first public revelations, but they cannot be the last. The investigation into the Russian Government’s attempts to sabotage our democracy must continue. I urge Speaker RYANand the House leadership to commit to safeguarding the independence and integrity of Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE IS A HEALTH ISSUE AND A CRIMINAL MATTER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Suzanne thought that Jason was the perfect boyfriend. He was protective, loving, and attentive. But after he moved in with Suzanne, she noticed his darker side. He became obsessive, jealous, and enraged. He began shoving and striking her. Once, he pushed her so hard her head smashed against the wall. Fed up with his excuses, she made him leave, but her safety was short lived. One night as Suzanne returned home with friends, Jason ambushed her and forced her into the house at knifepoint. Horrified, her friends ran into the street to flag down the police. Despite Suzanne’s pleas, Jason stomped on her face and neck until she was unconscious. Then she later woke up to find him pouring boiling water over her body. About that time, the police broke in and saved her life. Mr. Speaker, this month is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Domestic violence is a health issue, and it is also a criminal matter. As my grandmother used to say: ‘‘You never hurt somebody you claim you love.’’ And that is just the way it is. f 
REJECT TAX PLAN FOR BILLIONAIRES AND CORPORATIONS (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in total opposition to the Republicans’ rigged tax plan for billionaires and corporations. Despite having one of the largest economies in the world, one in five Californians live in poverty. Yet Republicans in Congress are pursuing one priority: tax breaks for billionaires and corporations. Their tax package is Robin Hood in reverse: it steals from the poor and gives to the rich. And it will decimate Medicare. It will cripple many essential programs like the child tax credit and the earned income tax credit. This billionairesfirst plan will devastate many States, including my home State of California. California will suffer tremendously. The earned income tax credit and child tax credit really has saved more than 1 million Californians from falling below the poverty line. Undermining the earned income tax credit and child tax credit would push millions of Californians even deeper into poverty. Americans should not be forced to pay more than their fair share in order to give tax breaks to the ultrarich. Any tax plan that pushes even one more American deeper into poverty and forces middleincome people to pay more should not even be on the table. Mr. Speaker, we need to reject this plan that lavishes tax breaks on President Trump, his billionaire buddies, and giant multinational corporations. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO JEFFERSON COUNTY DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jefferson County Development Council for being named Partner of the Year by the Pennsylvania Economic Development Association. The Jefferson County Development Council has demonstrated outstanding accomplishments and, over the past year, has gone above and beyond in carrying out its mission to serve existing and new businesses in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania. Led by Brad Lashinsky, director of economic development and planning, the Jefferson County Development Council works to help new businesses start up, relocate, or expand. The Jefferson County Development Council was named Partner of the Year for effectively utilizing various funding sources to complete a number of community and economic development projects. It also facilitated the formation of the Jefferson County Resource Partnership, which is a collection of professionals who make up the economic development delivery system in the county and who focus on providing assistance to businesses in all stages of business development and growth. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the Jefferson County Development Council for the work it does, and I wholeheartedly congratulate them on this outstanding achievement. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SENATOR ARNETT GIRARDEAU (Mr. LAWSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of former Florida Senator Dr. Arnett Girardeau, who passed away last Thursday. Senator Girardeau represented Jacksonville in the Florida Legislature. He was among the first African Americans to serve in the Florida Senate, and the first African American to serve as a senate president pro tempore. During the 16 years that he served in the Florida Legislature, he provided principled leadership and service to our State, to our country, and he served as a role model of excellence to many of us who would follow in his footsteps. As a young legislator, Senator Girardeau helped to mentor me and many of my other colleagues in north Florida. He was a founding member and chairman of the Florida Conference of Black State Legislators. We extend our condolences to not only his wife, Carolyn, but especially to his family. He truly was an outstanding leader and a trailblazer in the State of Florida. THANKING MARY BOTTINI FOR EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mary Bottini, a generous and dedicated constituent of the 22nd Congressional District of New York. In 2010, after a fruitful 29year career, Mary retired and began to volunteer her time at the Oneida County Historical Society, where she was recently named Volunteer of the Year for 2017. Mary is an active member of our community, a grandmother of three, and a passionate purveyor of our history. Her commitment and civic engagement are the impetus for this well deserved award. Oneida County has a rich history, and it is through the efforts and hard work of volunteers like Mary that its heritage and collective memory is preserved. Mary serves as a shining example of what it means to give back. Please join me today in thanking Mary for her commitment to our community and her years of exceptional service. f 
HELP AMERICA VOTE ACT ANNIVERSARY (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago this week, Congress passed the Help America Vote Act, which provided muchneeded Federal aid to overhaul our aging election infrastructure. I was proud to support this investment in our elections, which helps States expand opportunities for all Americans to cast ballots and know that they were properly counted. Unfortunately, today, much of our election infrastructure is again in need of a refresh. Among many challenges, Russia has mounted a direct attack on our elections, and it is absolutely imperative that we shore up our defenses. To address this issue, among others, I introduced the PAPER Act with Congressman MARK MEADOWS , to provide States with resources to assess the security risks posed to their election systems and implement cybersecurity best practices, including postelection audits of paper ballots. Mr. Speaker, it is time to recommit to the ideals of HAVA. I urge my colleagues to pass the PAPER Act and restore the integrity of our elections. 
SUPPORT CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Championing Healthy Kids Act. For years, programs such as CHIP and community health centers have been lifelines to underserved, especially rural communities: 9 million children rely on CHIP for health coverage; 25 million patients use community health centers; and 750 residency spots were created by teaching health centers to combat doctor shortages. Yet, despite months of assurances to work together, Democrats continue to stall the reauthorization. It is not unreasonable to ask Medicare recipients making over $500,000 to pay a little extra in premiums or to roll back lengthy enrollment periods so people can’t game the system. It is certainly not unreasonable to ask lottery winners who hit the jackpot to forego Medicaid coverage. We can’t afford any more delay. These programs are supported time after time in a bipartisan fashion. This bill is worthy of that same support. I urge my colleagues to come together to get this bill done this week. f 
CELEBRATING WOMEN’S SMALL BUSINESS MONTH (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, throughout the month of October, we have celebrated the Women’s Small Business Month. According to the National Women’s Business Council, there are around 9.8 million womenowned businesses in our country. Collectively, womenowned businesses produce about $1.4 trillion in annual receipts and employ over 8 million employees, as this graphic shows. The largest number of womenowned businesses are in my home State of California. California has about 1.3 million womenowned firms. In addition, in my district, the cities of Stockton and Lodi were ranked by WalletHub in 2016 as the second best place in California for women entrepreneurs. Despite the challenges womenowned firms encounter, women entrepreneurs employ many residents that make up the vitality of our local communities across the United States. That is why I stand here today to acknowledge and celebrate womenowned small businesses such as the Valley Brewing Company in Stockton, California, owned by Kellie Jacobs, a friend of many years. Let’s support and thank all of the women entrepreneurs in our country and honor all of these businesses. 
SUPPORT NAFTA RENEGOTIATION (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, smart dealmakers don’t divulge their tactics. Yet, according to a report from Inside Trade, President Trump told a group of 
Senators that his socalled threats to withdraw from NAFTA are just a negotiating tactic. Mr. Speaker, workers in Ohio will tell President Trump that too much is at stake in NAFTA renegotiations to be playing games and telegraphing empty threats. I hope that the President’s focus is on balancing our ballooning NAFTA trade deficit with Mexico and Canada, which just accumulates more red ink at astronomical levels of outsourced jobs. We need an agreement that stops job outsourcing, an agreement that creates a level playing field for workers and businesses alike. It should give farmers and laborers on this continent equal status and a living wage. Among other protections for workers, I have called for a triparty labor secretariat that will represent workers in all three NAFTA nations. NAFTA must address fair labor standards and robust enforcement of rules, including for agricultural labor, the largest segment of our trinational workforce. NAFTA renegotiation is a onceina lifetime opportunity to create a continental compact to boost fair opportunity across North America. Let’s not indulge in phony boardroom brinksmanship. Let’s come together and put our communities and workers first. 
b1915 AFFORDABLE CARE ACT OPEN ENROLLMENT SEASON (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, before I start, I would like to express my sympathy and concern for those who lost their life in New York through an alleged terrorist act and to pray for their families. Let me also make mention of the fact, Mr. Speaker, that tomorrow, November 1, begins the open enrollment. We know that this President has tried to sabotage the Affordable Care Act; but, in fact, you have until December 15. We believe that more than 12 million people will register. This is a very important opportunity because, many times in the past, under the previous affordable healthcare structure, you wouldn’t have this time to apply. But the Affordable Care Act is still the law of the land, and we should extend that law for everyone to be able to enroll. Finally, let me thank the Texans for taking a knee in recognition of opposing language where football players were called inmates in a prison. I, frankly, believe I wanted to come to the floor to make that point. Later in the week, I will take a knee on this floor to acknowledge them. Finally, I would like to indicate that I hope that there will be an apology coming from General Kelly for Congresswoman WILSON . Finally, I want to be able to say something good, which is, Go Astros, the greatest team in the world. Go Astros. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, November 1, 2017 marks the beginning of the fifth ‘‘Open Enrollment Season’’ for the Affordable Care Act. During open enrollment people can sign up for health insurance coverage for 2018. Open season ends on December 15, 2017, so I encourage all Americans to act without delay to ensure that they and their loved ones are covered. More than 12 million people nationwide have selected individual healthcare plans through federal and state marketplaces. If you held individual or family health insurance, and we all do, now is the time to sign up. Under the Affordable Care Act—more commonly known as ‘‘Obamacare’’—you can sign up for health insurance on your state’s health insurance exchange or individual marketplace but only during an annual open enrollment period that this year starts November 1 and will end on December 15. The only other times you may purchase health insurance is following a ‘‘qualifying life event,’’ such as getting married or divorced or having a baby. If you buy health insurance through your workplace, your employer will inform you about its open enrollment period. The following information is for people buying health insurance on their own. If your are buying health insurance on your own, you have several options for purchasing a policy: From your state’s health insurance marketplace—check Healthcare.gov to find the market place for your state; Directly from a health insurance company; From websites like Insure.com that offers health insurance quotes from multiple carriers; or From a health insurance agent. We know the Trump Administration is attempting to sabotage enrollment during this year’s shortened open enrollment period by cutting back on the outreach needed to inform the public about Open Enrollment Season. The Center for American Progress estimates that under goodfaith management of the marketplaces and the open enrollment process, 2018 marketplace enrollment would hold steady at about 12.2 million plan selections. Unfortunately, the Trump Administration’s repeated actions to destabilize insurance markets, repeal the ACA, and undermine open enrollment, threaten this progress and are designed to depress enrollment in 2018. The President is creating uncertainty in the nation’s health insurance marketplaces, which prior to January 20, 2017 were on track for continued growth in the number of people with health insurance. This weekend, if you have health insurance take time to make sure that your relatives have enrolled. The most important thing that Americans can do to preserve access to affordable health insurance is to enroll in a health care plan before the December 15, 2017 deadline. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. GRIFFITH (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of family considerations. Mr. HILL (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and November 1 on account of a family commitment. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a family commitment. 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , 
AND TECHNOLOGY FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, October 26, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : (Pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, I hereby submit the rules of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology for the 115th Congress for publication in the Congressional Record. These rules were adopted by the Committee on February 7, 2017, in a meeting that was open to the public. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
RULE I . GENERAL  (a) Application of Rules. (1) The Rules of the House of Representatives (‘‘House Rules’’) are the rules of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and its Subcommittees with the specific additions thereto contained in these rules. (2) Except where the term ‘‘Subcommittee’’ is specifically referred to, the following rules shall apply to the Committee and its Subcommittees as well as to the respective Chairs and Ranking Minority Members. (b) Other Procedures. The Chair may establish such other procedures and take such actions as may be necessary to carry out these rules or to facilitate the effective operation of the Committee. (c) Use of Hearing Rooms. In consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chair of the Committee shall establish guidelines for the use of Committee hearing rooms. 
RULE II . REGULAR , ADDITIONAL , AND SPECIAL  
MEETINGS  (a) Regular Meetings. The regular meeting day of the Committee for the conduct of its business shall be on the first Thursday of each month, if the House is in session. If the House is not in session on that day, then the Committee shall meet on the next Thursday of such month on which the House is in session, or at another practicable time as determined by the Chair. (1) A regular meeting of the Committee may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. (2) The Chair may call and convene, as he considers necessary and in accordance with the notice requirements contained in these rules, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. (b) Bills and Subjects to be Considered. (1) The Chair shall announce the date, place, and subject matter of any Committee meeting, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof, unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by majority vote with 
a quorum present for the transaction of business, determines there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner, in which case the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. (2) At least 48 hours prior to the commencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, the Chair shall cause the text of such legislation to be made publicly available in electronic form. (3) To the maximum extent practicable, amendments to a measure or matter shall be submitted in writing or electronically to the designee of both the Chair and Ranking Minority Member at least 24 hours prior to the consideration of the measure or matter, and the Chair may oppose any amendment not so submitted. (c) Open Meetings. (1) Meetings for the transaction of business and hearings of the Committee shall be open to the public or closed in accordance with the House Rules. (2) Any Member who is not a Member of the Committee (or any Committee Member who is not a Member of the Subcommittee) may have the privilege of nonparticipatory attendance at Committee or Subcommittee hearings or meetings in accordance with clause 2(g)(2) of House Rule XI. Such Member may not: i. vote on any matter; ii. be counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum; iii. participate in questioning a witness under the 5Minute Rule, unless permitted to do so by the Chair; iv. raise points of order; or v. offer amendments or motions. (d) Quorums. A majority of the Committee shall form a quorum, except that two Members shall constitute a quorum for taking testimony and receiving evidence, and one third of the Members shall foam a quorum for taking any action other than for which the presence of a majority of the Committee is otherwise required. If the Chair is not present at any meeting of the Committee or Subcommittee, the Vice Chair on the Committee who is present shall preside at the meeting, unless another Member of the Committee is designated by the Chair. (e) Postponement of Proceedings. (1) Pursuant to clause 2(h)(4) of House Rule XI, the Chair may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment. The Chair may resume proceedings on a postponed vote at any time after reasonable notice. (2) When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. (f) Time for Statements and Debate. (1) Insofar as is practicable, the Chair, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall limit the total time of opening statements by Members at a Committee meeting to no more than ten minutes, the time to be divided equally between the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. When requested, ex officio Members of any Subcommittee shall also be recognized at a Subcommittee hearing for five minutes each to present an opening statement. (2) The time any one Member may address the Committee on any bill, amendment, motion, or other matter under consideration by the Committee will be limited to five minutes, and then only when the Member has been recognized by the Chair. This time limit may be waived by the Chair pursuant to unanimous consent. (g) Requests for Recorded Vote. A record vote of the Committee shall be provided on any question before the Committee upon the request of onefifth of the Members present. (h) Transcripts. Transcripts of markups shall be recorded and may be published in the same manner as hearings before the Committee. (i) Motion to Go to Conference. Without further action of the Committee, the Chair is authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of House Rule XXII whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
RULE III . HEARINGS  (a) Notice of Hearings. (1) The Chair shall publicly announce the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted by the Committee on any measure or matter at least one week before the commencement of that hearing. If the Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. (2) The Chair shall publicly announce a list of witnesses to testify at a hearing as soon as a complete list of witnesses, including those to be called by the minority, is compiled. When practicable, the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member will seek to have a complete list of witnesses compiled at or as soon as practicable after the time that the hearing is publicly announced. (b) Witnesses. (1) Insofar as is practicable, no later than 48 hours in advance of his or her appearance, each witness who is to appear before the Committee shall file, in printed copy and in electronic form, a written statement of his or her proposed testimony and a curriculum vitae. (2) Each witness shall limit his or her presentation to a five minute summary, however additional time may be granted by the Chair when appropriate. (3) The Chair, or any Member of the Committee designated by the Chair, may administer oaths to witnesses before the Committee. (4) Whenever any hearing is conducted by the Committee on any measure or matter, the Minority Members of the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chair by a majority of them before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by the Minority to testify with respect to the measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. (5) In the case of a witness appearing in a nongovernmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. The disclosure shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof), cooperative agreement, or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing; and the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. Such statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. (c) Questioning of Witnesses. (1) The right to interrogate a witness before the Committee shall alternate between Majority and Minority Members of the Committee. Each Member shall be limited to five minutes in the interrogation of witnesses. No Member may be recognized for a second period of interrogation until each Member present, who wishes to be recognized, has been recognized at least once. (2) Notwithstanding clause 1, upon a motion the Chair, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, may: i. Designate an specified number of Members of the Committee from each party to question a witness for a period of time equally divided between the majority party and the minority party, not to exceed one hour in the aggregate; or ii. Designate staff from each party to question a witness for a period of time equally divided between the majority party and the minority party, not to exceed one hour in the aggregate. (3) Members of the Committee have two weeks from the date of a hearing to submit additional questions in writing for the record to be answered by witnesses who have appeared before the Committee. The letters of transmittal and any responses thereto shall be included in the hearing record. (d) Claims of Privilege. Claims of common law privileges made by witnesses in hearings, or by interviewees or deponents in investigations or inquiries, are applicable only at the discretion of the Chair, subject to appeal to the Committee. (e) Publication of Transcripts. The transcripts of those hearings conducted by the Committee, when it is decided they will be printed, shall be published in substantially verbatim form, with the material requested for the record inserted at that place requested, or at the end of the record, as appropriate. Individuals, including Members, whose comments are to be published as part of a Committee document shall be given the opportunity to verify the accuracy of the transcription in advance of publication. Any requests by those Members, staff, or witnesses to correct any errors other than errors in the transcript, or disputed errors in transcription, shall be appended to the record, and the appropriate place where the change is requested will be footnoted. Prior to approval by the Chair of hearings conducted jointly with another Congressional Committee, a memorandum of understanding shall be prepared which incorporates an agreement for the publication of the transcript. (f) Pertinence of Testimony. At the discretion of the Committee, brief and pertinent statements may be submitted in writing for inclusion in the record. The Committee is the sole judge of the pertinence of testimony and evidence adduced at its hearing. 
RULE IV . REPORTS  (a) Bills and resolutions approved by the Committee shall be reported by the Chair pursuant to clauses 2–4 of House Rule XIII. (b) A proposed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the Members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such days). (c) Every investigative or oversight report shall be approved by a majority vote of the Committee at a meeting at which a quorum is present. If at the time of approval of such a report a Member of the Committee gives notice of intent to file supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views that Member shall be entitled to file such views. (d) Only those investigative or oversight reports approved by a majority vote of the Committee may be ordered printed, unless otherwise required by House Rules. 
RULE V . BROADCASTING  (a) Whenever a meeting for the transaction of business, including the markup of legislation or a hearing is open to the public, that 
meeting or hearing shall be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography in accordance with clause 4 of House Rule XI. (b) To the maximum extent practicable, the Committee shall provide audio and visual coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings, and maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. Operation and use of any Committee internet broadcast system shall be fair and nonpartisan, and in accordance with clauses 4(b) and (f) of House Rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. 
RULE VI . SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) Committee Jurisdiction. The Committee shall have jurisdiction over such matters as determined by the Chair. (b) Subcommittees and Jurisdiction. There shall be five standing Subcommittees of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, with jurisdictions as follows: (1) Subcommittee on Energy. Shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: all matters relating to energy research, development, and demonstration projects therefor; commercial application of energy technology; Department of Energy research, development, and demonstration programs; Department of Energy laboratories; Department of Energy science activities; energy supply activities; nuclear, solar, and renewable energy, and other advanced energy technologies; uranium supply and enrichment, and Department of Energy waste management; fossil energy research and development; clean coal technology; energy conservation research and development, including building performance, alternate fuels, distributed power systems, and industrial process improvements; pipeline research, development, and demonstration projects; energy standards; other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; and relevant oversight. (2) Subcommittee on Environment. Shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: all matters relating to environmental research; Environmental Protection Agency research and development; environmental standards; climate change research and development; the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including all activities related to weather, weather services, climate, the atmosphere, marine fisheries, and oceanic research; risk assessment activities; scientific issues related to environmental policy, including climate change; remote sensing data related to climate change at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA); earth science activities conducted by the NASA; other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; and relevant oversight. (3) Subcommittee on Research and Technology. Shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: all matters relating to science policy and science education; the Office of Science and Technology Policy; all scientific research, and scientific and engineering resources (including human resources); all matters relating to science, technology, engineering and mathematics education; intergovernmental mechanisms for research, development, and demonstration and crosscutting programs; international scientific cooperation; National Science Foundation; university research policy, including infrastructure and overhead; university research partnerships, including those with industry; science scholarships; computing, communications, networking, and information technology; research and development relating to health, biomedical, and nutritional programs; research, development, and demonstration relating to nanoscience, nanoengineering, and nanotechnology; agricultural, geological, biological and life sciences research; materials research, development, demonstration, and policy; all matters relating to competitiveness, technology, standards, and innovation; standardization of weights and measures, including technical standards, standardization, and conformity assessment; measurement, including the metric system of measurement; the Technology Administration of the Department of Commerce; the National Institute of Standards and Technology; the National Technical Information Service; competitiveness, including small business competitiveness; tax, antitrust, regulatory and other legal and governmental policies related to technological development and commercialization; technology transfer, including civilian use of defense technologies; patent and intellectual property policy; international technology trade; research, development, and demonstration activities of the Department of Transportation; surface and water transportation research, development, and demonstration programs; earthquake programs and fire research programs, including those related to wildfire proliferation research and prevention; biotechnology policy; research, development, demonstration, and standardsrelated activities of the Department of Homeland Security; Small Business Innovation Research and Technology Transfer; voting technologies and standards; other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; and relevant oversight. (4) Subcommittee on Space. Shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: all matters relating to astronautical and aeronautical research and development; national space policy, including access to space; suborbital access and applications; National Aeronautics and Space Administration and its contractor and governmentoperated labs; space commercialization, including commercial space activities relating to the Department of Transportation and the Department of Commerce; exploration and use of outer space; international space cooperation; the National Space Council; space applications, space communications and related matters; Earth remote sensing policy; civil aviation research, development, and demonstration; research, development, and demonstration programs of the Federal Aviation Administration; space law; other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; and relevant oversight. (5) Subcommittee on Oversight. Shall have general and special investigative authority on all matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee. (c) Composition of Subcommittees. (1) The Chair shall assign Members to the Subcommittees. Minority party assignments shall be made only with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. The Chair shall determine the ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members of each Subcommittee; provided that the ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members on each Subcommittee (excluding any ex officio Member) shall be no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio for the Committee. (2) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall be ex officio Members of each Subcommittee to which such Chair or Ranking Minority Member has not been assigned by the Chair. They are not authorized to vote on Subcommittee matters. Unless they are regular Members of the Subcommittee, they shall not be counted in determining a Subcommittee quorum other than a quorum for taking testimony. (d) Referral to Subcommittees. The Chair shall expeditiously refer all legislation and other matters referred to the Committee to the Subcommittee or Subcommittees of appropriate jurisdiction, unless the Chair deems consideration is to be by the Committee. Subcommittee Chairs may make requests for referral of specific matters to their Subcommittee if they believe Subcommittee jurisdictions so warrant. (e) Subcommittee Procedures and Reports. (1) Subcommittee Chairs shall set meeting dates with the concurrence of the Chair and after consultation with the other Subcommittee Chairs with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Subcommittee meetings or hearings wherever possible. No Subcommittee may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the Committee without authorization from the Chair. (2) Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony or evidence, mark up legislation, and report to the Committee on all matters referred to it. For matters within its jurisdiction, each Subcommittee is authorized to conduct legislative, investigative, forecasting, and general oversight hearings; to conduct inquiries into the future; and to undertake budget impact studies. (3) Each Subcommittee shall provide the Committee with copies of such records of votes taken in the Subcommittee and such other records with respect to the Subcommittee as the Chair of the Committee deems necessary to ensure compliance with the House Rules. (4) After ordering a measure or matter reported, a Subcommittee shall issue a report in such form as the Chair shall specify. To the maximum extent practicable, reports and recommendations of a Subcommittee shall not be considered by the Committee until after the intervention of 48 hours from the time the report is submitted and made available to the Committee. Printed hearings thereon shall be made available, if feasible, to the Committee, except that this Rule may be waived at the discretion of the Chair after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. 
RULE VII . VICE CHAIRS  (a) The Chair of the Committee shall designate a Member of the majority party to serve as Vice Chair of the Committee, and shall designate a Majority Member of each Subcommittee to serve as Vice Chair of the Subcommittee. Vice Chairs of the Committee and each Subcommittee serve at the pleasure of the Chair, who may at any time terminate his designation of a Member as Vice Chair and designate a different Member of the majority party to serve as Vice Chair of the Committee or relevant Subcommittee. (b) The Chair may assign duties, privileges, and responsibilities to the Vice Chairs of the Committee or the various Subcommittees. 
RULE VIII . OVERSIGHT AND INVESTIGATIONS  (a) The Committee shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its jurisdiction, including all laws, programs, and Government activities relating to nonmilitary research and development in accordance with House Rule X. (b) Not later than February 15th of the first session of the 115th Congress, the Committee shall meet in open session, with a quorum present, to adopt its authorization and oversight plan for submission to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on House Administration in accordance with the provisions of clause 2(d) of House Rule X. (c) Any investigation undertaken in the name of the Committee shall be approved by 
the Chair. Nothing in this subsection shall be interpreted to infringe on a Subcommittee’s authority to conduct general oversight of matters within its jurisdiction, short of undertaking an investigation. 
RULE IX . SUBPOENAS  The power to authorize and issue subpoenas is delegated to the Chair as provided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of House Rule XI. 
RULE X . DEPOSITION AUTHORITY  The Chair may authorize the staff of the Committee to conduct depositions pursuant to section 3(b) of House Resolution 5, 115th Congress, and subject to any regulations issued pursuant thereto. 
RULE XI . COMMITTEE RECORDS  (a) The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with House Rule VII. (b) The Chair shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee of any decision, pursuant to clauses 3(b)(3) or 4(b) of House Rule VII, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on the written request of any Member of the Committee. 
RULE XII . OFFICIAL COMMITTEE WEBSITE  The Chair shall maintain an official Committee website for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members and other Members of the House. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may maintain a similar website for the same purpose, including communicating information about the activities of the minority to Committee Members and other Members of the House. 
RULE XIII . COMMITTEE BUDGET  From the amount provided to the Committee in the primary expense resolution adopted by the House of Representatives in the 115th Congress, the Chair shall designate onethird of the budget, after adjustment for the salaries of the shared administrative functions for the Clerk, Printer and Financial Administrator, under the direction of the Ranking Minority Member for the purposes of minority staff, travel expenses of minority staff and Members, and all other minority office expenses. 
RULE XIV . AMENDMENTS TO COMMITTEE RULES  The rules of the Committee may be modified, amended, or repealed, in the same manner and method as prescribed for the adoption of committee rules in clause 2 of House Rule XI, but only if written notice of the proposed change has been provided to each such Member at least 3 days before the time of the meeting at which the vote on the change occurs. Any such change in the rules of the Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record within 30 calendar days after their approval. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 1, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 2997. A letter from the Board Chairman and CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s direct final rule — Assessment and Apportionment of Administrative Expenses (RIN: 3052AD30) received October 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2998. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Student Assistance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Education Loan Program, William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Program [Docket No.: ED2017OPE0108] (RIN: 1840AD25) received October 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 2999. A letter from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated SingleEmployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits received October 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3000. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs Division, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Safety Standard for Infant Bouncer Seats [Docket No.: CPSC20150028] received October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3001. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Nonattainment New Source Review Permit Requirements for the 2008 8Hour Ozone Standard [EPAR01 OAR20170150; FRL996954Region 1] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3002. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; AL; VOC Definitions and Particulate Emissions [EPAR04OAR20170436; FRL996935Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3003. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Alabama: PSD Replacement Units [EPAR04OAR20170371; FRL996922 Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3004. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval: South Carolina; Standards for Volatile Organic Compounds and Oxides of Nitrogen [EPAR04OAR20170388; FRL 996931Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3005. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Redesignation of the Fulton County Area to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard [EPAR05OAR20170256; FRL996967Region 5] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3006. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2010 1Hour Sulfur Dioxide Standard [EPAR03OAR2014 0701; FRL996951Region 3] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3007. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Minnesota; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPAR05OAR20150034; FRL996959 Region 5] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3008. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Adoption of Control Techniques Guidelines for Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Miscellaneous Metal Parts Surface Coating, Miscellaneous Plastic Parts Surface Coating, and Pleasure Craft Surface Coatings [EPA R03OAR20170437; FRL996932Region 3] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3009. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Amendment to Ambient Air Quality Standard for Ozone [EPAR03OAR 20160592; FRL996940Region 3] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3010. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPAR03 OAR20170413; FRL996948Region 3] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3011. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Air Quality Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants; City of Philadelphia; Control of Emissions from Existing Hospital/Medical/Infectious Waste Incinerator Units [EPAR03OAR20170453; FRL996945Reigon 3] received October 12, 
2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3012. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA HQOPPT20170166; FRL996442] (RIN: 2070 AB27) received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3013. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; South Carolina; CrossState Air Pollution Rule [EPAR04OAR20170364; FRL996927Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3014. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPAR05OAR0058; FRL996961Region 5] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3015. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA R05OAR20170082; FRL996964Region 5] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3016. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Florida; Stationary Sources Emissions Monitoring [EPAR04OAR20170500; FRL996939 Reigon 4] revived October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3017. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Fenpicoxamid; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20160392; FRL 996673] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3018. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Triflumezopyrim; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20160142; FRL 996613] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3019. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval: Alabama; Transportation Conformity [EPAR04 OAR20170174; FRL996924Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3020. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA R04OAR20160462; FRL996926Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3021. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Georgia; CrossState Air Pollution Rule [EPAR04 OAR20170452; FRL996930Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3022. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Georgia: New Source Review Updates [EPAR04OAR 20170078; FRL996943Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3023. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Florida; Interstate Transport (Prongs 1 and 2) for the 2010 1hour NO2 Standard [EPAR04OAR 20170079; FRL996920Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3024. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; AL; VOC Definitions and Particulate Emissions [EPA R04OAR20170436; FRL996936Region 4] received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3025. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revitalization of the AM Radio Service [MB Docket No.: 13249] received October 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3026. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22169, ‘‘DC HealthCare Alliance Recertification Simplification Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3027. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22153, ‘‘Capitol Riverfront Business Improvement District Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3028. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22130, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Support Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3029. A letter from the Charmian, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22152, ‘‘General Obligation Bonds and Bond Anticipation Notes for Fiscal Years 20182023 Authorization Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3030. A letter from the Attorney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Recreational Boat Flotation Standards — Update of Outboard Engine Weight Test Requirements [Docket No.: USCG2016 1012] (RIN: 1625AC37) received October 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 849. A bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board; with an amendment (Rept. 115–373, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3903. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to expand the ability to use testing the waters and confidential draft registration submissions, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–374). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1585. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of individuals as accredited investors for purposes of the securities laws; with an amendment (Rept. 115–375). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee of Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1224. A bill to amend the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act to implement a framework, assessment, and audits for improving United States cybersecurity; with an amendment (Rept. 115–376). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3043. A bill to modernize hydropower policy, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–377, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 595. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2936) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–378). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Rules discharged from further consideration. H.R. 849 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3043 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. K ILDEE ): H.R. 4168. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat in the same manner as a machine gun any bump fire stock, or any other devices designed to accelerate substantially the rate of fire of a semiautomatic weapon; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. FERGUSON ): H.R. 4169. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the enrollment restriction on certain physicians and practitioners prescribing covered outpatient drugs under the Medicare prescription drug program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. BIGGS, Mr. B UCK, and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 4170. A bill to amend the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 to promote greater transparency in the registration of persons serving as the agents of foreign principals, to provide the Attorney General with greater authority to investigate alleged violations of such Act and bring criminal and civil actions against persons who commit such violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GIANFORTE (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 4171. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. THOMP SONof California, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. LEVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. DELBENE, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. EVANS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, and Ms. PLASKETT ): H.R. 4172. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for major disasters declared in any of calendar years 2012 through 2015, to make certain tax relief provisions permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself, Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. BUCSHON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 4173. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin (for himself, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. KILMER ): H.R. 4174. A bill to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Mr. SCHNEIDER ): H.R. 4175. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for equity investments in small business concerns; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 4176. A bill to strengthen air cargo security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. LANCE , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. D ENT, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. NORTON , Mr. C RIST, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. L OWENTHAL ): H.R. 4177. A bill to enhance the Federal Government’s planning and preparation for extreme weather and the Federal Government’s dissemination of best practices to respond to extreme weather, thereby increasing resilience, improving regional coordination, and mitigating the financial risk to the Federal Government from such extreme weather, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. GOHMERT , and Mr. C ONAWAY ): H.R. 4178. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for reform to and a permanent extension of the Medicare dependent hospital program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. NORTON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. SABLAN , and Ms. P LASKETT ): H.R. 4179. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to apply the same apportionment formula to territories and the District of Columbia as is applied to States with respect to amounts made available for State purposes from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. KHANNA , Ms. MOORE , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. SHEAPORTER ): H.R. 4180. A bill to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to provide that in order to be eligible to receive a grant for a crime victim compensation program, such program shall provide for the tolling of any limitation period relating to the submission of an application for compensation for victims of sexual assault with backlogged sexual assault evidence collection kits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4181. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 regarding proprietary institutions of higher education in order to protect students and taxpayers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. COMER (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS, and Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 4182. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 4183. A bill to condition a State’s eligibility for grants under the National Criminal History Improvement Program on compliance with certain requirements relating to increasing reporting of domestic violence records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H.R. 4184. A bill to adjust the immigration status of certain foreign nationals in temporary protected status who are in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Ms. JAYAPAL ): H.R. 4185. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase state allocations for the lowincome housing credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mrs. TORRES ): H.R. 4186. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect more victims of domestic violence by preventing their abusers from possessing or receiving firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 4187. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit former Members and elected officers of Congress from lobbying Congress at any time after leaving office; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. MARSHALL ): H.R. 4188. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4189. A bill to reduce the disadvantages of individual retirement arrangements with respect to employersponsored retirement plans by helping taxpayers comply with laws affecting individual retirement arrangements, by providing for reduced penalties under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for certain selfcorrections with respect to such laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself and Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia): H.R. 4190. A bill to amend the 21st Century Cures Act to ensure the equitable distribution of resources to address the opioid epidemic, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LONG (for himself and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 4191. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to designate an officer within the Department of Health and Human Services as having primary responsibility for the information security (including cybersecurity) programs of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. KELLY  of Illinois, and Ms. NORTON ): H.R. 4192. A bill to establish a grant program to encourage States to adopt certain policies and procedures relating to the transfer and possession of firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 4193. A bill to deauthorize a portion of the project for navigation, Milwaukee Harbor, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4194. A bill to direct the Mayor of the District of Columbia to establish a District of Columbia National Guard Educational Assistance Program to encourage the enlistment and retention of persons in the District of Columbia National Guard by providing financial assistance to enable members of the National Guard of the District of Columbia to attend undergraduate, vocational, or technical courses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4195. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to provide enhanced enforcement authority for occupational safety and health protections applicable to the legislative branch, to provide whistleblower protections and other antidiscrimation protections for employees of the legislative branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 4196. A bill to prohibit price gouging after a major disaster, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4197. A bill to create qualifications for, and certain limitations on, staffs of special counsels; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROYBALALLARD (for herself, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. BONAMICI ): H.R. 4198. A bill to promote the economic security and safety of survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 4199. A bill to direct the Attorney General to establish a national pharmaceutical stewardship program to facilitate the collection and disposal of prescription medications; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. JONES , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. TEDLIEU of California, Ms. JAYAPAL , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H.J. Res. 120. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States limiting the pardon power of the President; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas): H. Res. 594. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of October as ‘‘National Domestic Violence Awareness Month‘‘ and expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence and its devastating effects on individuals, families, and communities, and support programs designed to end domestic violence in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself and Mr. WENSTRUP ): H. Res. 596. A resolution commending the heroism and achievements of Team USA at the Invictus Games Toronto 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself, Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. KINGof Iowa, and Mr. H UNTER ): H. Res. 597. A resolution recognizing 500 years since the Protestant Reformation and its significance for many Americans; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 598. A resolution recognizing the life and legacy of Isaac ‘‘Ike’’ Fulwood, Jr., Police Chief for the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia from 1989 to 1992; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 4168. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 4169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 clause 1: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; Article 1, Section 8, clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 4170. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 4171. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4172. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Sections 7 & 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 4173. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: H.R. 4174. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution grants the Congress the authority to enact this law. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 4175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 provides Congress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’ in order to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 4176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, that Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 4178. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I Section 8 By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 4179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2; Article I, Section 8, Clause 17; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4180. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4181. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COMER: H.R. 4182. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4183. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 4184. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: The Congress shall have Power *** To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States. 
By Ms. D ELBENE: H.R. 4185. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 4186. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 4187. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 4188. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To establish post offices and post roads. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4189. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 4190. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LONG: H.R. 4191. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 4192. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 4193. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4194. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clauses 16, 17, and 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4195. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 4196. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4197. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ROYBALALLARD: H.R. 4198. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 4199. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. COHEN: H.J. Res. 120. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. ADAMS , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 158: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 163: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 191: Mr. KIND. H.R. 299: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. G OSAR , and Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 365: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 389: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 392: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. ZELDIN , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 435: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 439: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 444: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 502: Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 564: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 613: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 643: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 669: Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 681: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 696: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 740: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 747: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. FERGUSON , and Mr. D ESANTIS . H.R. 807: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 816: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 820: Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. DIAZBALART , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 821: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 849: Ms. PLASKETT and Mr. L ABRADOR . H.R. 878: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 881: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 936: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. HIMES, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 1017: Mr. PANETTA and Mr. R UTHER FORD . H.R. 1038: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1046: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mrs. BLACKBURN , and Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida. H.R. 1057: Mrs. HANDEL and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 1094: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1098: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. YARMUTH , and Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 1143: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 1155: Mr. CARTER of Georgia and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1173: Mr. MEEHAN , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , and Mr. L EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1243: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 1267: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 1279: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1300: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1318: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 1357: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1374: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1406: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 1444: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 1445: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 1456: Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 1472: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1515: Ms. LEE. H.R. 1539: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1552: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 1626: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 1661: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 1749: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1817: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 1819: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 1841: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1876: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 1880: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1886: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1896: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 1897: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 1953: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1955: Mr. KINDand Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 1987: Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. C LAY, Mr. ELLISON , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2092: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 2095: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 2228: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2234: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 2248: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2259: Mr. WALDEN and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 2285: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 2339: Mr. POSEY and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 2340: Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 2358: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2392: Mr. PAYNE and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2401: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 2404: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2418: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mrs. C AROLYNB. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2482: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 2499: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. HECK. H.R. 2501: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 2589: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2626: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2627: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2633: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 2641: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 2651: Mr. DENHAM , Mr. D UNN, Mr. T IPTON, and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 2663: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2723: Mr. HARPER and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 2790: Mr. CONYERS , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 2799: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 2856: Mr. YODER . H.R. 2881: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2938: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2957: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 2961: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2987: Mr. GIANFORTE and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 2996: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 3086: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3089: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3138: Mr. COOKand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 3179: Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 3220: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3222: Mr. NOLAN , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. G OMEZ , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3227: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 3238: Mr. MCNERNEY and Mr. C ULBER SON. H.R. 3248: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 3251: Mr. BROWN of Maryland and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3254: Mr. EVANS and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 3273: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3274: Mr. KIND, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. C ARSON of In diana, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 3275: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3282: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 3294: Mr. EVANS , Mr. C OMER , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor ida, and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3299: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3314: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3320: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3325: Mr. PETERS and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 3327: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 3356: Mrs. LOVE, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3361: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 3365: Mr. JONES . H.R. 3395: Mr. DELANEY , Mr. E VANS , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3396: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3409: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3419: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 3441: Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. BABIN, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. BLUM, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3447: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3477: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 3478: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3497: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3507: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3529: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 3566: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3577: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3632: Ms. TENNEY and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 3635: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 3642: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. GUTHRIE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. JONES , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. FORTENBERRY , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 3664: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3671: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3687: Mr. WELCH and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 3711: Mr. DUNNand Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 3767: Mr. POCAN and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 3768: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 3770: Mr. THOMPSON of California and Mr. KIND. H.R. 3792: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 3806: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3811: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3828: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. POLIS, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. KHANNA , and Mr. K IND. H.R. 3866: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3875: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3887: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. LONG. H.R. 3889: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3892: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 3897: Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. S HUSTER , Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 3907: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 3913: Mr. COOK, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. LOVE, and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 3917: Ms. LOFGREN and Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California. H.R. 3923: Mr. HUFFMAN and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3924: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 3929: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 3931: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3939: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 3942: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. FLORES , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. LAMALFA , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 3949: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. G ALLA GHER . H.R. 3956: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 3967: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3983: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3988: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4007: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4012: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 4020: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 4022: Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. ROSSand Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4062: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 4082: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4087: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4090: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. M CKINLEY, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4092: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 4098: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4101: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. DUFFY , Mr. F ASO, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. E VANS , Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4103: Mr. SOTO, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. TSONGAS , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 4114: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California and Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4119: Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. R OSS, Mr. HUNTER , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4127: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4129: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4131: Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. B ARR, Mr. O LSON , Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4143: Mr. GAETZ and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 4145: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 4146: Mr. JONES . H.R. 4148: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4152: Ms. DELBENEand Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 4155: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. B EYER , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. PINGREE , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4156: Mr. POCAN . H. Con. Res. 57: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H. Con. Res. 81: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H. Con. Res. 88: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. NORTON , Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H. Res. 142: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H. Res. 252: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 307: Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, and Mr. HUNTER . H. Res. 393: Mr. POCAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. N ADLER , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 401: Ms. GABBARD . H. Res. 443: Mr. BACON . H. Res. 495: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico and Mr. PAYNE . H. Res. 524: Mr. NORCROSS . H. Res. 529: Mr. SOTOand Miss R ICEof New York. H. Res. 534: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. P OLIS. H. Res. 570: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 571: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H. Res. 576: Mr. FLORES , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. BABIN, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. MCCAUL. H. Res. 588: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6885 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 2017 No. 176 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 