Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to use this time to recognize a local foun-dation in Virginia’s 10th District that has been strengthening our community and raising breast cancer awareness since 2004. The IIIB’s Foundation, founded, by 14-year breast cancer survivor and proud Leesburg resident, Carolyn Rodenburg, focuses on ensuring that no woman diagnosed with breast cancer feels afraid or alone. In April of 2002, at the age of 42, Ms. Rodenburg was diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy. During this difficult time in her life, she recalled feel-ing very alone and often helpless. However, Ms. Rodenburg found the inner strength and became determined to make a difference when she realized there were others just like her that needed a support system built on trust and understanding. It was a combination of her sudden diagnosis, surgery, and feelings afterwards that sparked her interest in helping like-minded women that were undergoing simi-lar experiences, and she has been making a difference ever since. Thus in 2004, Ms. Rodenburg left behind her long career in the corporate world to dedi-cate her life to comforting and educating other breast cancer survivors by founding the IIIB’s Foundation. IIIB’s (pronounced three B’s) stands for Bosom Buddy Baskets, which were the original basis on which the foundation came about. The pink Bosom Buddy Baskets are filled with treats, back scratchers, pillows, stuffed animals, and protective post-op gear and are intended for women in post operation recovery following mastectomy surgeries. This gesture helps show other women in recovery that they have a line of support from other sur-vivors. The IIIB’s Foundation has grown immensely under Ms. Rodenburg’s leadership. Initially, Ms. Rodenburg founded it with the intention of helping friends going through the breast can-cer treatment process. Today, the organization has morphed into a well-recognized founda-tion, hosting several annual fundraisers and events each year. One reoccurring event which has garnered a great deal of popularity is the yearly Pink Tie Charity Ball. It is fun, for-ward thinking community events, like the Pink Tie Charity Ball, that have helped the organi-zation thrive and grow tremendously over the years into the organization it is today. To date, Ms. Carolyn Rodenburg and the IIIB’s Foundation have helped thousands of women and families affected by breast cancer, and I am grateful to have such a prominent and resourceful organization in the 10th Dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding the IIIB’s Foundation for its dedication to serving our community for so many years. I wish Ms. Rodenburg and the entire organization the best in their future en-deavors. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF FINAL RULE BY SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 16, 2017 Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD 3 letters, one from myself and Senator J
ONIERNST , a letter from the Family Research Council, and one from 25 outside organizations, which support H.J. Res. 43. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, September 23, 2016. Hon. S
YLVIA MATHEWS BURWELL , Secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY BURWELL : We write to ex-press our strong opposition to the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services (HHS) September 7, 2016, notice of proposed rule-making titled ‘‘Compliance with Title X Re-quirements by Project Recipients in Select-ing Subrecipients.’’ Although we appreciate the Department’s intent to follow proper regulatory procedure pursuant to the Admin-istrative Procedure Act, HHS’s purpose for engaging in the rulemaking appears on its face to be an attempt to subvert the will of elected representatives. Moreover, apart from the Department’s impetus for the notice of proposed rule-making, we also question whether the De-partment’s stated rationale adequately sup-ports its conclusion that providers with a re-productive health focus are more ‘‘effective’’ than other health providers that offer com-prehensive care for women and men. No-where in the proposed notice of rulemaking does HHS clearly define what it means to provide Title X services in an ‘‘effective’’ manner. It does appear to assert that a num-ber of factors—such as the range of contra-ceptive methods on-site, the number of cli-ents in need of publicly funded family plan-ning services served, and the availability of preconception care—distinguish providers with a reproductive health focus as more ‘‘ef-fective’’ and ‘‘high quality’’ than other types of providers. However, that list of factors falls far short of all of the attributes and rec-ommendations included in the Centers for Disease Control and Office of Population Af-fairs report entitled ‘‘Providing Quality Family Planning Services: Recommenda-tions of CDC and the U.S. Office of Popu-lation Affairs.’’ To further complicate the argument about quality and effectiveness, the data cited in the notice of proposed rulemaking is not ade-quate for determining patient outcomes. The Department relies heavily on utilization and demographic statistics, but appears to lack hard data regarding actual patient outcomes and need, as the Department does not re-quire grantees to track patients or verify their income. As you know, the issue of inad-equate data has previously been raised by the Institute of Medicine (IOM), after the HHS Office of Family Planning in 2007 asked IOM to provide a critical review of the Title X Family Planning Program. In addition to finding ‘‘no clear, evidence-based process for establishing or revising program priorities and guidelines,’’ IOM stated the following in its May 2009 Report Brief: ‘‘The committee concludes that the pro-gram does not collect all the data needed to monitor and evaluate its impact. Therefore, the committee proposes a comprehensive framework to evaluate the program and as-sess how well clinics meet the family plan-ning needs of the program’s clients. The committee concludes that additional data will be needed in the areas of client needs, structure, process, and outcomes in order to assess the program’s overall progress.’’ We welcome evidence that this rec-ommendation has been fully adopted, but are unaware of any clear evidence confirming that to be the case. If HHS cannot clearly de-fine an ‘‘effective’’ or ‘‘high quality’’ pro-vider, it is unclear to us how state and local project grantees are supposed to do so in order to comply with this proposed rule. It is also therefore unclear how HHS will be able to accurately determine in every case wheth-er state or local project recipients—who are generally closer to and more familiar with subrecipients and the patient base in their geographical region—have considered inap-propriate criteria in evaluating subrecipi-ents. Rarely do the American people benefit when the federal government attempts to substitute its judgment for that of state or local governments—particularly when the criteria used to inform that judgment are unclear, and that judgment is not supported by coherent and impartial facts. Finally, if HHS is going to assert the au-thority to adapt its rules in order to address changing circumstances, we implore HHS to consider the recent general shift in health care policy toward comprehensive care. As HHS states on its website, in addition to as-sisting individuals and couples in planning and spacing births, part of the mission of Title X is to contribute to ‘‘improved health for women and infants.’’ HHS’s suggestion that subrecipients like federally qualified health centers—which provide greater pre-ventive and primary health care services than providers with a reproductive health focus—are per se less ‘‘effective’’ than pro-viders with a reproductive health focus does not comport with that stated mission. We urge HHS to reconsider this over-reaching and ill-supported rule. We will con-tinue to closely monitor this proposed rule-making, and intend to submit this letter as a formal comment. We look forward to a de-tailed response from your Department. Sincerely, J
ONIK. E RNST , United States Senator. D
IANE BLACK , United States Con-gressman. 
FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL , Washington, DC, February 14, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Fam-ily Research Council and the families we rep-resent, I urge you to vote Yes on Rep. Diane 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.001 E24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE228 February 24, 2017 
Black’s (R–TN) H.J. Res. 43, a joint resolu-tion of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to overturn former President Obama’s HHS final rule on Title X family planning funds (81 FR 91852, December 19, 2016). This rule blocks states from restricting Title X family planning funds to abortion providers like Planned Parenthood, effec-tively creating a backdoor handout for the abortion industry. Congress can and must act to overturn this harmful rule, which lacks any statutory basis. FRC will score in favor of this resolution. This rule prohibits Title X primary grant recipients, including states and some private entities, from ‘‘prohibit[ing] an entity from participating for reasons other than its abil-ity to provide Title X services.’’ The stated intent of this rule is to coerce numerous states to give family planning funds to abor-tion providers like Planned Parenthood. This harms states which have chosen to prioritize these family planning funds to health clinics and community health centers that seamlessly offer a full range of healthcare services, including family planning, but which do not participate in abortion. In addi-tion, the rule disrupts the current health care arrangements of tens of thousands of women who obtain services that are uniquely provided to them by current Title X-funded comprehensive health care clinics in those states. The Title X statute of the Public Health Service Act itself requires that no funds may be used for ‘‘programs where abortion is a method of family planning,’’ but nowhere does the law say that states cannot exclude certain providers, let alone abortion pro-viders. Furthermore, states realize that money is fungible. When Planned Parent-hood or other abortion providers receive Title X grant funding, it frees up resources for them to spend more on abortion, their main source of non-governmental income. States should be free to allocate Title X funds in a way that clearly keeps family planning and abortion separate by not fund-ing abortion providers like Planned Parent-hood, which use abortion, the killing of an innocent unborn human being, as a form of ‘‘family planning.’’ Obama’s HHS rule on Title X is an executive overreach and a hand-out to the abortion industry that is simply without basis in the law. Again, on behalf of FRC, I urge you to vote for Rep. Diane Black’s H.J. Res. 43, a Con-gressional resolution of disapproval to over-turn this harmful rule. FRC will score in favor of this resolution. Sincerely, D
AVID CHRISTENSEN , Vice President for Government Affairs. 
FEBRUARY 15, 2017. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : On behalf of the millions of members of our national and state-based pro-life and pro-family organiza-tions listed below, we urge you support ap-plication of the Congressional Review Act to eliminate former President Obama’s 11th- hour rule preventing states from eliminating Title X funding from Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers. During the 114th Congress, efforts to defund America’s abortion giant were spurred by undercover videos which show that Planned Parenthood has been engaged in unethical and possibly illegal practices connected to the trafficking of unborn chil-dren’s organs for profit. The videos detail Planned Parenthood’s willingness to manipu-late abortion methods—at times, in ways that raise questions about whether the ban on partial-birth abortion has been violated— to more easily obtain intact hearts, lungs, brains, and other organs to be sold to tissue brokers. Because of Congressional efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and President Donald Trump’s campaign commitment to defend the nation’s largest abortion provider, Presi-dent Obama finalized an 11th-hour rule forc-ing states to award Title X funds to Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers. Like other efforts to defund Planned Par-enthood, the Congressional Review Act eliminating President Obama’s 11th-hour rule would allow states to continue using their legal authority to award Title X funds to family planning clinics that do not engage in abortion or trafficking of baby body parts. We urge the 115th Congress to act swiftly to undo the bureaucratic protectionism that President Obama put in place to grant Amer-ica’s largest abortion provider permanent and privileged access to our taxpayer dollars. For Life, Marjorie Dannenfelser, President, Susan B. Anthony List; Paul Weber, President & CEO, Family Policy Alliance; Tom McClusky, Vice President, March for Life Action; Frank Cannon, President, American Principles Project; Clarke Forsythe, Acting President & Senior Counsel, Americans United for Life Ac-tion; Penny Nance, CEO & President, Concerned Women for America; Kristan Hawkins, President, Students for Life; Lauren Muzyka, Executive Director, Sidewalk Advocates for Life; Melissa Ortiz, Able Americans; Eric Teetsel, President, Family Policy Alliance of Kansas; Troy Newman, President, Op-eration Rescue; Brian Fisher, Human Coalition, President & Co-Founder. Maria McFadden Maffucci, Editor, Human Life Review; Matt Lockett, Ex-ecutive Director, Bound4LIFE Inter-national; Roland C. Warren, President and CEO, Care Net; Judie Brown, Presi-dent, American Life League; Jim Sedlak, Founder, STOPP Inter-national; Steven Ertelt, Editor, LifeNews.com; Joe Ortwerth, Executive Director, Missouri Family Policy Council; Denise Leipold, Executive Di-rector, Right to Life of Northeast Ohio; Tami L. Fitzgerald, Executive Direc-tor, NC Values Coalition; Jeanette Burdell, Executive Director, St Joseph County Right To Life; Nicole Theis, President, Delaware Family Policy Council; John Helmberger, Chief Exec-utive Officer, Minnesota Family Coun-cil; Chris Slattery, Director, Expectant Mother Care–EMC FrontLine Preg-nancy Centers. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 24, 2017 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, on February 14th on roll call vote 89, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ THE INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO REQUIRE THE LIBRARY OF CON-GRESS TO INSTALL THE D.C. SEAL IN THE MAIN READING ROOM OF THE THOMAS JEFFER-SON BUILDING HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 24, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce a bill to require the Library of Congress to install the District of Columbia seal in the Main Reading Room of the Thomas Jefferson Building of the Library of Congress concur-rently with the renovation and replacement of the existing glass panels. The House Trans-portation and Infrastructure Committee passed this bill unanimously last Congress. The Li-brary is one of the few buildings in the District that remains open to the public on most holi-days. It provides not only D.C. residents but visitors and researchers from across the na-tion with access to incomparable resources. The bill requires the Library to depict the Dis-trict’s seal on the stained-glass windows in the Main Reading Room, where the seals of all the states and territories that existed when the building was constructed, except for the Dis-trict, are depicted. D.C.’s seal was readily available at that time and should have been included. The seals of Hawaii and Alaska are not included in the display because they were not states or territories when the building was constructed. The fact that these two states were not part of the Union at the time of the creation of the stained-glass windows argues for the inclusion of the District, which, after all, was in fact the nation’s capital at the time. We are asking that the omission of D.C. be cor-rected immediately. This omission was brought to my attention by a District resident, Luis Landau, a former docent at the Library. The residents of the District have always had all the obligations of American citizenship, including paying federal taxes and serving in all the nation’s wars, including the War of 1812, during which the Capitol building, which then housed the Library of Congress, was burned, prompting construction of the current Library of Congress building with the state and territory seals. It is, therefore, without question that the District and its residents should re-ceive equal treatment among the stained-glass windows that portray the history of the United States. D.C. residents deserve to have their history and American citizenship recognized. There is existing evidence that the seal of the District should have been depicted. The Members of Congress room in the Jefferson Building, which is not open to the public, has a painted depiction of the D.C. seal, along with state seals, on its ceiling. This precedent reinforces our request to be represented among the stained-glass windows in the Main Reading Room, which is open to the public. There is no reason why the D.C. seal cannot be added with the planned restoration of the stained-glass. The right time to add the seal of the District would be during the planned res-toration. Congress already includes the District, or has corrected the omission of the District, when honoring the states. For example, the District of Columbia War Memorial honors Dis-trict residents who served in World War I, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.003 E24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE229 February 24, 2017 
World War II Memorial includes a column rep-resenting the District, and D.C.’s Frederick Douglass statue now sits in the Capitol along-side statues from the 50 states. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 requires the armed services to display the District flag whenever the flags of the states are displayed. Legislation was also en-acted to give D.C. a coin after it was omitted from legislation creating coins for the 50 states. We also successfully worked with the U.S. Postal Service to create a D.C. stamp, like the stamps for the 50 states, and worked with the National Park Service to add the D.C. flag alongside the state flags across from Union Station. It is long overdue to display the D.C. seal, along with the seals of the states, in the Main Reading Room of the Library of Congress. I urge support for this legislation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONORABLE JONATHAN WAY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 24, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to use this time to recognize my con-stituent and friend, the Honorable Jonathan Way for his 9 years of service on the Manas-sas City Council, both as a Councilman and later as Vice Mayor, and to celebrate his many accomplishments as one of the Common-wealth’s most dedicated civil servants. Prior to retiring and moving to Manassas 18 years ago, Vice Mayor Way had a 37-year ca-reer for various Exxon international affiliates in the U.S. and overseas and also served 6 years as a U.S. Naval Reserve Officer. He de-cided to first enter government service in the City of Manassas when he saw an advertise-ment in the local newspaper for an opening on the Planning Commission. From that point for-ward, Vice Mayor Way embarked on a journey of dedication to the city. In 2001, he was ap-pointed to the commission, where he served as a member and as Chairman for 2 years until his appointment to the City Council in 2007, a position he held until 2015 when he was unanimously selected, by the Manassas city council members, to serve as Vice Mayor. He, along with Mayor Hal Parrish, have played a vital role in revitalizing downtown Manassas, establishing strong local relationships, and helping build new housing developments in the area. During his tenure on the Manassas City Council, Vice Mayor Way served on various committees, including the Budget and Finance Committee, the Economic/Community Devel-opment and Land Use Committee, the Virginia Railway Express and Potomac and Rappahan-nock Transportation Committees, the Metro-politan Washington Council of Governments, and the Virginia Municipal League. Addition-ally, Vice Mayor Way volunteered with various local groups, including the Rotary Club of Ma-nassas, which he joined in 2001. Here he has served on the Club Service Committee for many years and has previously held the posi-tion of Secretary. Impressively, he was chosen as Rotarian of the Year in both 2003 and 2008. Despite having to temporarily resign from the rotary in 2013 due to workload de-mands of City Council, he happily rejoined last year. Most impressively, throughout the years, Vice Mayor Way kept a near perfect attend-ance record in attending city council meetings. This is not only a testament to the commit-ment he has always felt to the council, but also the commitment he felt to the citizens of Manassas. On behalf of the entire 10th Dis-trict, I thank Vice Mayor Way. It has truly been a privilege to work with him and his colleagues on the Manassas City Council over the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Vice Mayor Way for his service to Manassas, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the United States. I wish him, his wife, Shirley, his children, and his grandchildren the best in their future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24FE8.005 E24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D190 Friday, February 24, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 12 noon, on Monday, February 27, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 5 public bills, H.R. 1214–1218, were introduced.
     Page H1321 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1321 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 720, to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney account-ability, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–16); H.R. 725, to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder (H. Rept. 115–17); and H.R. 906, to amend title 11 of the United States Code to require the public disclosure by trusts estab-lished under section 524(g) of such title, of quarterly reports that contain detailed information regarding the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–18).
                                                  Page H1321 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1319 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. David Godleski, Jesuit Con-ference, Washington, DC.
                                     Page H1319 
Congressional Advisers on Trade Policy and Ne-gotiations—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House as Congressional Advisers on Trade Policy and Negotiations: Representatives Brady (TX), Reichert, and Nunes.
                   Page H1319 United States Semiquincentennial Commission— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: Representatives Meehan and Aderholt; and from private life: Mr. Jim Koch of Newton, Massachusetts, Mr. Val Crofts of Milton, Wisconsin, Dr. Wilfred McClay of Norman, Oklahoma, and Mrs. Lynn Young of Rockdale, Texas.
                                                                               Page H1319 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9:30 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:33 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 998, the ‘‘SCRUB Act’’; H.J. Res. 83, disapproving the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Feb 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE7.REC D24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D191 February 24, 2017 rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Record-able Injury and Illness’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing VA’s Risks for Drug Diversion’’, 3:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Feb 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24FE7.REC D24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD192 February 24, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Monday, February 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Commerce, post-cloture. At 3 p.m., Senator Sasse will be recognized to deliver Washington’s Farewell Address. At 7 p.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Sec-retary of Commerce. Following disposition of the nomina-tion of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., Senate will vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, February 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Black, Diane, Tenn., E227 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E227, E229 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E228 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E228 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Feb 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24FE7.REC D24FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST