Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Jef Chaison Russell III or ‘‘Rusty’’ as I knew him, who went to be with the Lord on December 31, 2016. Rusty was a former Beaumont Convention and Visitors Bureau director who devoted him-self to promoting tourism in the Beaumont re-gion. He was known in many different conven-tion and tourism circles having served as di-rector of the Bureaus of Beaumont, Texas, Forth Worth, Texas and Eureka Springs, Ar-kansas. Rusty loved people and in turn people loved him. Rusty and I have been friends since 1953 during our kindergarten days at Longfellow El-ementary School in Texas. There was no finer man than Rusty. Among the many memories we share together there is one I will cherish forever; two years ago, he traveled to D.C. to take part in my being sworn into the 114th Congress. I am saddened by his passing, but I am so thankful for the years of friendship I had with my dear friend. We do not know the day, hour or minute that the good Lord will call us home; Rusty knew this and spent his days serving others and touching every life he could. I will cherish the memories of our friendship. Rusty’s family will continue to be in our pray-ers. 
f 
HONORING STEVE PENLEY 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, in 1964 Steve Penley was born into a family of musicians in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The family soon moved to Athens, Georgia and then Macon, Georgia where Penley attended First Presbyterian Day School. Following high school, he studied at The School of Visual Arts in New York and at The University of Georgia. After college, Penley was working odd jobs while painting when his talent was recognized by an attorney and art enthusiast, Robert Steed. Penley quickly gained recognition for his bold brush strokes, vivid colors and histor-ical icon paintings. Penley is now one of America’s most cele-brated artists with works exhibited across the globe. He has created multiple projects for Fox News, major companies such as Coca- Cola, AirTran/Southwest, Kaiser Permanente, as well as several U.S. Presidents and foreign heads of state. His work can even be found in the U.S. Capitol, where it’s displayed on loan for visitors from across the country to enjoy. Penley’s paintings represent the very best of America and serve as a reminder of the lead-ers and institutions that make our country great. In addition to his paintings, Penley has au-thored and illustrated several books, including books written by legendary University of Geor-gia football Coach Vince Dooley. He has also donated countless paintings to charities and organizations in his community and state, as well as across the nation. He is particularly honored to be involved with numerous organi-zations that benefit our active-duty servicemembers and our veterans. Despite all of his professional accomplish-ments, Penley is proudest of his role as a fa-ther of three very talented artists and musi-cians: Lyall, Abbey and Parker. Steve Penley is a legendary artist and a great American. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, during the roll call votes on Thursday, January 5, 2017, I missed a vote on an amendment to the Regu-lations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act. Had I been present, on roll call number 13, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE GALLEGOS 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Joe Gallegos, who served the County of Costilla, Colorado as a Commis-sioner for over ten years. Joe passed away on December 11, 2016, and will be greatly missed in the San Luis Valley. Joe was a fifth generation farmer in San Luis, and his love for the land in the sur-rounding area inspired him to volunteer with non-profit community organizations to pre-serve water quality and find solutions to zon-ing issues. He was instrumental in the restora-tion of the old Costilla County Courthouse and the implementation of the Costilla County bio-diesel pilot project. Joe’s fellow county commissioner, Lawrence Pacheco, said that Joe was the only true cow-boy he knew, and at his last conference of commissioners, he remained focused on his mission to promote sustainability, protect wa-tersheds, and make sure the most vulnerable people in the community had a voice and seat at the table. The magnitude of Joe’s impact on the San Luis Valley is immense and it is a privilege to recognize his legacy of public service and hard work. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JESSE WILLIAM ‘‘J.W.’’ RAY 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jesse William ‘‘J.W.’’ Ray, who died on January 2, 2017. J.W. lived an impressive life. He served as a Seabee 24th NCB in the United States Navy in the Pacific Theatre during World War II and was among the soldiers who fought in the Philippines and Okinawa before being honor-ably discharged on April 20, 1946. After leaving the U.S. Navy, J.W. married and was blessed with four children. He spent thirteen years working with Texaco refinery as a pipefitter and two years working for the Southern Pacific Railroad. As a family man, J.W. decided to leave the railroad because it took him away from his loved ones for days at a time. He entered the insurance industry and founded his own insurance company in Wood-ville, Texas, which he ran for forty years. When his first wife Cecil passed away in 2004, J.W. began Cecil’s Pantry at the United Methodist Church in Warren, Texas. It still continues to help others today. J.W. Ray was a kind man and I feel hon-ored and privileged to have known him. He will be missed, and his family will continue to be in our prayers. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY CHAM-PIONS MARTIN AND MARTHA JOHNSON 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two of my constituents from Western Pennsylvania, Martin and Mar-tha Johnson. The Johnson’s are the founders and directors of Downtown Ministries INC. as well as several other groups serving under its umbrella including Fresh Grounds Coffee-house, Sans MOCO Gallery, His Work—His Way, Keystone Bibles and Community Health Ministry. Created in 1994, Downtown Ministries is a charitable organization that serves as an ave-nue for Christians to connect, socialize and minister. Downtown Ministries strives to pro-vide opportunity and vision to meet the phys-ical and spiritual needs of our community. In April 2010, Downtown Ministries estab-lished the Fresh Grounds Coffeehouse to con-nect with even more people in our community and positively impact our community. Fresh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JA8.001 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE30 January 6, 2017 
Grounds Coffeehouse is the face of Downtown Ministries and has been designated as Green-ville, Pennsylvania’s latest landmark. Fresh Grounds Coffeehouse is not just a meeting place but, more importantly, it is a ministry. The main objective of Fresh Grounds Coffee-house is to honor and glorify God and create a special place where God’s presence is felt and embraced. While it’s not a traditional church ministry, Fresh Grounds Coffeehouse creates countless opportunities for Christian growth and allows customers to engage one another in nurturing relationships, which Martin and Martha Johnson have strived for over the years. Martin Johnson had a vision, which ulti-mately became a reality, with the help of countless friends, volunteers, local businesses and churches. The unwavering dedication ex-hibited by Martin and Martha Johnson, as well as all volunteers involved, is heartwarming and speaks volumes about the giving spirit of the Greenville community. As a unique ministry, the main focus of Downtown Ministries, and all groups that fall under its organizational umbrella, is to bring individuals to come to believe in Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior. In serving God, the community, and all those in need of God’s Grace, Martin and Martha Johnson are inspi-rations to us all. Their compassion and gen-erosity have clearly influenced the lives of so many and will continue to do so for years to come. Therefore, on behalf of the Third Con-gressional District of Pennsylvania, I want to express my sincere gratitude and appreciation of Martin and Martha Johnson, they are true Community Champions. 
f 
HONORING PAMELA DUNLAP PATTERSON 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Pamela Patterson, as she re-tires from her career as the Chief Executive Officer of West Company and the Director of the Mendocino Small Business Development Center. Born and raised in Virginia, Pamela Dunlap Patterson later obtained an Associate Degree at Massey Junior College in Atlanta and began a career in the retail industry. Pamela headed west to California in 1979 to become the Retail Merchandising Teacher for the Fort Bragg High School Regional Occupation Pro-gram. She then went on to serve as the lit-eracy coordinator for the Mendocino County Library in Fort Bragg, and eventually, the coor-dinator for the ‘‘Read Right’’ program through Georgia Pacific where she helped improve lit-eracy for workers in the timber industry. In 1998, Pamela Patterson began her long career with West Company, a pilot Women’s Business Center funded by the Small Busi-ness Administration. In 2004, she took the helm of the organization which at the time was struggling financially. Under Pamela’s leader-ship, West Company stabilized funding sources, and secured a contract as the Small Business Development Center in 2007. Over her term as the Chief Executive Officer she has secured millions of dollars in funding to help micro-entrepreneurs and small busi-nesses to start and grow as means of improv-ing the local economy. Pamela Patterson’s legacy is one of dedi-cated service to entrepreneurship and an edu-cated workforce. Please join me in congratu-lating Pamela on her retirement and express-ing our deep appreciation for her long and ex-ceptional career, and her outstanding contribu-tions to Mendocino County’s workforce and economy. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll call vote 6, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM HUDNUT, III 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a beloved and iconic mem-ber of the Hoosier community, William Hudnut III. Bill, who served as Mayor of Indianapolis from 1976 to 1992, passed away on Decem-ber 17th, 2016 at the age of 84. Bill was a vi-brant, enthusiastic, and passionate individual. His larger than life persona and animated ap-proach to being Mayor will not soon be forgot-ten. He was a mentor to many and will be sorely missed by our community, but we will remember him forever through the spectacular legacy he left behind. Bill entered political life with his election to Congress in 1972. After which he served 16 years as Mayor of Indian-apolis, making him the longest serving Mayor of Indianapolis. Through his time as Mayor he transformed Indianapolis into a dynamic met-ropolitan city and the amateur sports capital of the world. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Con-gressional District are forever grateful for Bill’s contributions to our Hoosier community, and it is my privilege to honor him today. Bill was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1932. He attended the Darrow School in New York for high school, and graduated from Princeton University as an undergraduate, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. In 1957, he grad-uated with a Master’s Degree in Theology from the Union Theological Seminary in New York, and, like his father and grandfather be-fore him, Bill became an ordained clergyman. At the age of 30, Bill first became a Hoosier when he moved to Indianapolis and began work as the senior pastor of Second Pres-byterian Church in Indianapolis. He served as Senior Pastor from 1964 to 1972, during which time he became interested in politics. In the 1972 Republican primary for Indiana’s 11th Congressional District, Bill defeated fu-ture Congressman Dan Burton and went on to win the general election against four-term Congressman Andrew Jacobs, Jr. During his term in the 93rd Congress, he was an original sponsor of seventeen bills and a cosponsor of 179 bills, five of which became law. He was a true statesman focused on good governance with dedication toward bipartisan solutions. After his time in Congress he came home to Indianapolis to run for, and serve in, the office of Mayor. Bill’s interest in politics came from his passion for helping his community and his belief that politics was where he could make the greatest change for his community. As Mayor he aimed to generate job growth, improve infrastructure, and develop projects to attract businesses to downtown Indianapolis. He aimed to not only draw businesses back downtown, but to bring back many citizens who had previously fled to the suburbs. Through his dedicated efforts to revitalize the city, he made Indianapolis a more attractive place to live and to do business. Over his ten-ure from 1976 to 1992, he oversaw more than 30 building projects, including renovations and expansions to Monument Circle, Indianapolis Union Station, the Indiana University School of Medicine, and the Indiana Convention Center. Many office buildings were constructed, and companies such as Eli Lilly and Company and American United Life committed to stay in In-dianapolis. In addition to spurring on local business, he also made unequalled contributions to Indi-ana’s sports culture. He retained the NBA’s Pacers, which were on the brink of failing if not for the efforts of Bill and others. He built the Hoosier Dome, hopeful that the infrastruc-ture and investment would bring Indianapolis a national football team. Ultimately, he was able to bring home the Indianapolis Colts. He was also able to draw the Pan American Games to Indiana, bringing the world’s eyes to Indiana and shining the International spotlight on Indi-anapolis. The Pan American Games had 38 nations represented by over 4,000 competing athletes. Bill was also instrumental in founding the Indiana Sports Corp, a nonprofit organiza-tion that has brought Indianapolis numerous sporting events that include the 1982 National Sports Festival, the 1991 World Gymnastics Championships, 19 Big Ten Women’s Basket-ball Tournaments, 10 Big Ten Men’s Basket-ball Tournaments, recently the 2012 Super-bowl, and many other events. The Indiana Sports Corp has cemented Bill’s legacy and continued to realize his vision of Indianapolis as a sporting destination. Bill helped put Indi-anapolis on the world map and paved the way for the city to be the sporting and convention destination that it is today. Bill’s work was not only greatly appreciated by Hoosiers but also recognized and awarded by his peers. He was the president of the Na-tional League of Cities and a member of their board for over twenty years. In 1988, Bill was named City & State magazine’s Nation’s Most Valuable Public Official. In 1985, he earned the Distinguished Public Service Award from the Indiana Association of Cities and Towns and in 1986, a Woodrow Wilson Award for Public Service. Bill leaves behind a larger than life legacy that is fitting for someone with his larger than life personality. In his time as Mayor, he revi-talized downtown Indianapolis, transforming it into a world class city by changing it from what he called ‘‘India-NO-place’’ to ‘‘India- SHOW-place.’’ Many can fondly remember his booming voice, his uncommon approach to being Mayor, his fun antics like dressing up as a Leprechaun for a St. Patrick’s Day parade, and his vivacious personality. He dedicated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JA8.003 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE31 January 6, 2017 
his life to public service through his time as a pastor, his time in Congress and through his time as Mayor of Indianapolis. Bill will be re-membered for his amazing compassion, char-ismatic and warm personality, as well as his unparalleled love for the city he served. I feel fortunate to have known him, and I know that his legacy lives on through the great contribu-tions he made to Indianapolis, to Indiana, and to the country. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth District, I offer my condolences to his wife Beverly, the entire Hudnut family, and all who mourn his loss and cherish his memory. 
f 
REMEMBERING AND HONORING THE LIFE OF CONOR IRWIN 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss and honor the life of Conor Irwin. The child of Whit and Holly Irwin, Conor was a resident of Ledyard, CT. He graduated from St. Bernard School and was a freshman at Ledyard High School. He was just 14 years old. In 2013, I had the honor of meeting Conor when he visited me to discuss the quality of food served in local schools. He had been a youth representative to the New London County Food Policy Council and was seriously concerned about the effect of poor food quality on health. Wonderfully precocious, he was full of good ideas that might help address this problem. Like many 14 year-old boys, he loved soc-cer, playing outdoors, and listening to music. Just this past year, he even earned his first varsity letter for cross country. But those who knew Conor acknowledge something special about him. Even at so young an age, he was already a gentleman and true renaissance man. It may have been his voracious appetite for knowledge, his signature bow ties, or his love of travel and exploration. But mostly, it was his thoughtfulness that set him apart. He was always looking out for the younger kids, helping his mom with groceries, and holding the door for whomever may be passing by. My thoughts and prayers are with Conor’s family and friends as they mourn this terrible loss. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing my condolences and hon-oring a truly special soul, Conor Irwin. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GIGI DENNIS 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Gigi Dennis, of Alamosa, Colorado, who was recently named Colorado’s Adminis-trator of the Year for 2016 by the Association of County Administrators. Administrator Dennis was selected by her peers to receive this honor, and it is clear that through her dedica-tion to public service, she has left a lasting im-pact on the community of Alamosa and across the state of Colorado. Throughout her career, Administrator Dennis has served in a variety of state-wide positions, including as Colorado Secretary of State, State Senator, and most recently, Alamosa County Administrator. As a State Senator, she served as Vice Chair of the Transportation Committee, was a member of the Legislative Council, and Chair of the Majority Caucus. Ad-ministrator Dennis is a quality individual with a truly impressive record of public service. Mr. Speaker, although this award recog-nizes individual achievements, Administrator Dennis credits her team for her success. Her modesty, commitment to fiscal responsibility, and passion for improving the lives of others is truly remarkable. I wish Administrator Den-nis all the best and am thankful for her contin-ued service. f 
RECOGNIZING ANGEL MARTINEZ FOR HIS SECOND NATIONAL TITLE IN THE U.S. YOUTH AMA-TEUR BOXING DIVISION 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Angel Martinez, a shining young member of our Rockford community, who has been named a two-time national champion in the U.S. Youth Amateur Boxing Division. Angel Martinez won his second USA boxing national title, allowing him the chance to at-tend the Olympic training facility in Colorado in hopes of achieving his Olympic dreams. He has dedicated himself to his sport since the young age of 11, and shows us all the value of perseverance and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our com-munity, and to see him represent Rockford on the national stage. Mr. Speaker, as a former college athlete, I know how important sports are to personal and professional growth. I want to again for-mally congratulate Angel Martinez on his title, and I join the rest of our community in wishing him every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING CLIFFORD A. SCHULMAN 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor South Florida philan-thropist, business leader and prominent attor-ney, Cliff Schulman. Mr. Schulman has 45 years of wide-ranging legal experience in the environmental and land use field from both the government and pri-vate sectors and is well known for his involve-ment in the community and commitment to charitable causes. For 13 years, he has served as Chair of the Board of the Aventura Marketing Council and it is on this occasion that we celebrate his re-tirement from this position. Under Mr. Schulman’s leadership, the Aventura Marketing Council has thrived and grown to be recognized as one of the most re-spected organizations in Chambers of Com-merce representing more than 400 businesses and non-profit organizations, supporting count-less educational and regional events in South Florida. Cliff had the unique ability to blend his sense of humor with his keen business acu-men and Marketing Council members will cer-tainly miss his ‘‘Cliff’s Notes’’ at the opening of each meeting. Cliff has also served as Vice Chairman of the Anchors Away Foundation, an Aventura Marketing Council program in cooperation with Miami-Dade County Public Schools, that pro-vides sailing programs for physically and men-tally challenged children from schools through-out the County. This program has literally changed the lives of so many kids who gain a sense of pride, independence and accom-plishment. Throughout his career, Mr. Schulman has been honored by the Anti-Defamation League, South Florida Business Leader Magazine, the South Florida Shomrim Society and countless organizations that have recognized his con-tributions to bettering our community for all those who call South Florida home. I am proud to have Mr. Schulman and his wife Lauren as my constituents and am grate-ful for his years of dedication to Aventura and to South Florida. It is my honor to pay tribute to his distin-guished career and extend my heartfelt con-gratulations to him on this occasion. f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN MOELLER 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ryan Moeller, who was recently named to the 2016 First Team All-Pac 12 list. After playing football at Rifle High School, Ryan walked on to the Colorado Buffaloes football team as a special teams player. As a junior on the team this year, he earned nine total tackles on special teams and forced six fair catches on punts. Ryan also played 391 snaps on defense, re-cording 36 tackles, with two forced fumbles. His overall play supported the biggest turn-around by a football program in Pac–12 Con-ference history. After a 1–8 conference record in 2015, the Buffaloes went 8–1 in conference matchups this season. Ryan’s accomplish-ments are the result of dedication, hard work and perseverance, qualities that will serve him well in life. I am proud that such an outstanding athlete and upstanding young man calls the Third Congressional District of Colorado home, and I congratulate Ryan and the Buffaloes on an exciting and successful season. 
f 
REGARDING JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS TO COUNT ELEC-TORAL BALLOTS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committees on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD17\JANUARY\E06JA7.REC E06JA7bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE32 January 6, 2017 
Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee; Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, and the Congres-sional Voting Rights Caucus, I rise today to offer thoughts and reflections on the congres-sional responsibility to bear witness to the counting of electoral votes to determine for-mally the persons elected President and Vice President of the United States and on the campaign and election that brought us to this day. Historians will surely record that the 2016 presidential campaign was one for the ages. The two leading protagonists could not have been more dissimilar. The Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton of New York, was widely considered the most qualified person ever nominated for the office, having served as Secretary of State; elected by landslide margins to two terms as U.S. Senator from New York, the nation’s only First Lady to win high elective office in her own right; valedictorian of her class at Wellesley University, a graduate of Yale Law School, and the first woman ever to win the presi-dential nomination of one of the nation’s two major political parties. Republican Donald Trump of New York, the other candidate, was sui generis as well, since he is the first person to gain an Electoral Col-lege majority with no experience whatsoever in elective or appointed governmental office or public service but possessing a remarkable talent for attracting media attention. The 2016 was notable also for a number of other unprecedented occurrences. For example, it was the first time in history that a Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation had ever injected himself and his agency, unintentionally or not, in a presidential campaign when FBI Director James Comey held a July 5, 2016 news conference, during which he announced that the FBI had com-pleted its investigation regarding the email server of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and had concluded that no violation of law had been committed but offered unfavor-able personal opinions ex cathedra regarding Secretary Clinton’s conduct. Compounding the damage inflicted on Sec-retary Clinton’s campaign by his gratuitous commentary, FBI Director Comey exacerbated the damage already done when, a mere elev-en days before Election Day, he sent a vague-ly worded letter to partisan Congressional Re-publican opponents of Secretary Clinton allow-ing them to leak the letter to the media and claim falsely that the FBI had reopened the in-vestigation for the sole purpose of inflicting electoral damage on Secretary Clinton. These actions were taken in contravention of long-standing Department of Justice policy, practice, and custom enjoining Justice Depart-ment officials and employees from engaging any conduct or taking any legal action that could impact the outcome of an election to be held within the ensuing 60 days. The 2016 presidential election was historic in another respect as well; it is the first Amer-ican presidential election that the Intelligence Community has confirmed was the subject of cyberattacks and other subversive activities of entities allied with the Government of Russia that were undertaken for the express purpose of influencing the outcome of the 2016 presi-dential election to secure the election of its preferred candidate, Donald Trump. It is also worth noting that the 2016 presi-dential campaign was the first in history in which one of the two leading candidates, Don-ald Trump, openly invited a hostile foreign power to launch cyberattacks against his polit-ical opponent. In at least one respect, however, the 2016 presidential campaign was not unprecedented. It was the fifth time in history, and the sec-ond in the last 16 years, that the candidate winning an Electoral College majority lost the popular vote. But what is unusual is the historic margin of the popular vote defeat produced by the 2016 campaign that saw Hillary Clinton defeat Don-ald Trump by an astounding 2.86 million votes: 65,844,610 votes to 62,979,636, nearly six times more than Vice-President Al Gore’s popular vote win in 2000, the next highest vic-tory margin. Indeed, Hillary Clinton received more votes for president than any person in history not named Barack Obama, which means that the two greatest vote getters in American political history are an African American male and white female, which in itself is a testament to how far America has travelled on the path to equality and opportunity for all in the past 240 years. While it is true that a switch of less than 80,000 votes in just three states—Pennsyl-vania, Michigan, and Wisconsin—would have secured an Electoral College majority for Hil-lary Clinton, that fact is of little consolation and practical consequence to the situation and task now before us, which is to count the elec-toral votes cast for President and Vice-Presi-dent of the United States and announce the results to the country and the world. It is, as I noted at the outset, a duty im-posed on Members of the House and the Sen-ate by the Constitution and laws of the United States. But because we are all called upon to bear witness to the counting of electoral votes does not mean our role is to be passive observers. On the contrary, the Constitution and the law, specifically Section 15 of the Electoral College Act, 3 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., vests in Representatives and Senators the power and responsibility of objecting to the counting of any vote cast by an elector if in their judgment the vote was not ‘‘regularly given’’ or the per-son casting the vote was not ‘‘lawfully cer-tified’’ as an elector. The Constitution devolves this solemn duty upon the people’s representatives, the Con-gress, because the linchpin of representative democracy is public confidence in the political system, regime, and community. That confidence in turn rests upon the ex-tent to which the public has faith that the sys-tem employed to select its leaders accurately reflects its preferences. At bottom, this means that all citizens cast-ing a vote have a fundamental right and rea-sonable expectation that their votes count and are counted. This concern is particularly salient when it comes to today’s counting of the electoral votes occurring in the aftermath of the unprec-edented interference by a hostile foreign power to secure victory for its preferred can-didate. And the salience is heightened by the fact that the November 8, 2016 election is the first presidential election held since the Supreme Court issued the notorious decision in Shelby County v. Holder, which neutered the preclearance provisions of the Voting Rights Act and adversely affected the ability of hun-dreds of thousands of persons to cast a ballot and have their vote counted. For these reasons, I owe it to my constitu-ents and to the American people to consider each electoral vote certificate as it is pre-sented and accept those that appear to be meritorious but to oppose those which in my judgment do not appear to satisfy the statutory requirement that the votes reflected on the lists were ‘‘regularly given’’ by ‘‘lawfully cer-tified’’ electors. I am particularly skeptical that this legal standard is met where there is evidence to support the following conclusions: 1. There is a failure to provide ‘‘distinct lists of votes’’ for the President and Vice President as required by U.S. Constitution, Article II, Section 1 and Amendment XII; and by 3 U.S.C. § 9; 2. There is a failure of one or more elector to reside in the district from which elected as required under state law; 3. There appears to be a violation of state statutes prohibiting electors from holding mul-tiple governmental offices of trust, honor, or profit; 4. There is compelling evidence that the ille-gal activities engaged in by individuals and en-tities allied with the Government of Russia that were undertaken for the purpose of benefitting the candidacy of Donald J. Trump deterred and dissuaded thousands of voters from exer-cising their franchise; or 5. There is compelling evidence that activi-ties engaged in by state officials violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and disenfranchised thousands of voters and resulted in the unlaw-ful certification of electors. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me say for the record that where, as is the case this year, the results in the Electoral College and of the pop-ular vote diverge by the largest and most as-tounding margin in American history, it is par-ticularly fitting, appropriate, and necessary to examine the electoral vote certificate pre-sented for acceptance as carefully and fairly as possible and for as long as time permits. The fate of our democracy is at stake. I now submit formal letters to the Vice President re-garding objection to certification of Electors in certain states: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 6, 2017. Basis of Objection: Failure of one or more elector to reside in district from which elected. Hon. J
OSEPH R. B IDEN, Vice President of the United States and Presi-dent of the Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARVICEPRESIDENT BIDEN: We object to the 15 votes from the State of North Carolina for Donald J. Trump for President and Mike Pence for Vice President. Notwithstanding the certification by the Governor of the State of North Carolina, it is the opinion of the undersigned that these 15 votes were not regularly given because at least five electors were not ‘‘lawfully certified’’ and their votes were not ‘‘regularly given’’ since one or more electors does not reside in the district for which he or she was elected as required by state law. Additionally, several activities engaged in by state officials in violation of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 disenfranchised thousands of North Carolina voters and resulted in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JA8.011 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE33 January 6, 2017 
unlawful certification of electors. Accord-ingly, no electoral vote of the State of North Carolina should be counted for Donald J. Trump for President or for Mike Pence for Vice President. Respectfully, S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, U.S. Representative, State of Texas. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 6, 2017. Basis of Objection: Violation of state stat-utes prohibiting dual-office holding. Hon. J
OSEPH R. B IDEN, Vice President of the United States and Presi-dent of the Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARVICEPRESIDENT BIDEN: We object to the 20 votes from the State of Pennsylvania for Donald J. Trump for President and Mike Pence for Vice President. Notwithstanding the certification by the Governor of the State of Pennsylvania, it is the opinion of the undersigned that these 20 votes were not regularly given because they were cast by electors not lawfully certified since they are in violation of state law prohibiting dual-of-fice holding. Additionally, it appears that illegal activi-ties engaged in by individuals and entities allied with the Government of Russia that were undertaken for the purpose to benefit-ting the candidacy of Donald J. Trump de-terred and dissuaded thousands of voters from exercising their franchise and resulted in votes not regularly given by electors not lawfully certified. Accordingly, no electoral vote of the State of Pennsylvania should be counted for Donald J. Trump for President or for Mike Pence for Vice President. Respectfully, S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, U.S. Representative, State of Texas. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 6, 2017. Basis of Objection: Failure to provide ‘‘dis-tinct lists of votes’’ for the President and Vice President. Hon. J
OSEPH R. B IDEN, Vice President of the United States and Presi-dent of the Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARVICEPRESIDENT BIDEN: We object to the 10 votes from the State of Wisconsin for Donald J. Trump for President and Mike Pence for Vice President. Notwithstanding the certification by the Governor of the State of Wisconsin, it is the opinion of the undersigned that these 10 votes were not reg-ularly given because they fail to comply with 3 U.S.C. §9, which requires that ‘‘elec-tors shall make and sign six certificates of all the votes given by them, each of which certificates shall contain two distinct lists, one of the votes for President and the other of the votes for Vice President[.]’’ Additionally, it appears that illegal activi-ties engaged in by individuals and entities allied with the Government of Russia that were undertaken for the purpose to benefit-ting the candidacy of Donald J. Trump de-terred and dissuaded thousands of voters from exercising their franchise and resulted in votes not regularly given by electors not lawfully certified. Accordingly, no electoral vote of the State of Wisconsin should be counted for Donald J. Trump for President or for Mike Pence for Vice President. Respectfully, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, U.S. Representative, State of Texas. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JANET POLINSKY 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and remember the life of Janet Polinsky who passed away on September 26, 2016. Janet had a long and colorful career in the Connecticut General Assembly, serving as a State Representative for the 38th District for eight straight terms, from 1977 to 1993. Janet was a 1953 graduate of the University of Connecticut, where she was the president of the Panhellenic Association. Her political career began on the Waterford Board of Edu-cation, followed by a stint on the Waterford Planning and Zoning Commission, of which she was the chairwoman. She then became the 38th District’s State Representative. During her time in the General Assembly, Janet was a mentor and inspiration to many and a true giant of state politics. She was the chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee, and the first female to serve as Deputy Speak-er of the House. I was honored to serve alongside her during my time as a State Rep-resentative from 1987 until she retired in 1993. Janet’s career in public service continued as the commissioner of the Department of Admin-istrative Services from 1993 to 1995, and later the Public Utilities Control Commission from 1995 to 1999. Observing her perform her du-ties in committee and on the floor of the Gen-eral Assembly was a great inspiration for all on how to act as a public servant. She was smart, funny, honest, decent and ethical. She left a huge footprint on the state of Con-necticut, raising the salaries of public school teachers, originating a prescription drug ben-efit for seniors, and at the same time bal-ancing the state’s finances. It was an extraor-dinary record. The Waterford community and our entire state will miss Janet deeply. I ask my col-leagues to join me in offering our condolences to her husband, Alexander, and the rest of her family as they mourn her passing. She was one of the greats. f 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL MUNDT 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 6, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Paul Mundt of Colorado Springs, Colorado. Known in Southern Colo-rado as KRDO’s Paul Richards, he passed away on December 11, 2016. Paul leaves be-hind five children and his wife, Julie Halling, along with a lasting legacy. Paul was the voice on five radio stations in Colorado Springs during his broadcasting ca-reer. Most recently, he was at KRDO where I had the privilege of getting to know him. After hearing of his passing, Paul’s listeners imme-diately took to social media to share their memories of the man who played such a big part of their days and grieve with his family. Paul was known to so many around the community as a morning broadcaster, but he will be especially missed for his volunteer work outside of the recording studio. Paul never missed a moment to help others. Mr. Speaker, Paul’s life ended much too early, but he truly lived it to the fullest while he was with us. It is an honor and a privilege to recognize Paul’s work, service to his commu-nity, dedication to helping others and commit-ment to his family and friends. On behalf of Southern Colorado, and to the family and friends of Paul Mundt, I offer my condolences for the loss of their husband, father, and friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JA8.012 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D20 Friday, January 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
The House and Senate met in joint session to count electoral votes. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, page S123 Electoral Ballot Count: Senate met in Joint Session with the House of Representatives to count the elec-toral ballots of the States cast in the election of the President and Vice President of the United States. 
                                                                                              Page S123 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S123 Measures Referred:                                                   Page S123 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12:45 p.m. and adjourned at 1:41 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, January 9, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 350–366; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 21–22; H. Con. Res. 8; and H. Res. 29–32, were introduced.
                                                              Pages H193–95 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H195–96 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Electoral College Vote Tellers: Pursuant to S. Con. Res. 2, to provide for the counting on January 6, 2017, of the electoral votes for President and Vice President of the United States, the Chair appointed Representative Harper and Representative Brady of Pennsylvania as tellers on the part of the House to count the electoral votes.
                                         Page H185 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:02 p.m. and re-convened at 1 p.m.
                                                     Page H185 
Joint Session: The Joint Session was called to order at 1:06 p.m. and dissolved at 1:41 p.m. 
                                                                                      Pages H185–90 
Declaration of the Election of President and Vice President: Pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 2, and the requirements of the Constitu-tion and laws relating to the election of President and Vice President of the United States, the two Houses of Congress met in Joint Session with Vice President Biden as the presiding officer to count the electoral votes. The following votes were cast for President: Donald J. Trump of New York, 304, Hil-lary Clinton of New York, 227, Colin Powell of Vir-ginia, 3, John Kasich of Ohio, 1, Ron Paul of Texas, 1, Bernie Sanders of Vermont, 1, and Faith Spotted Eagle of South Dakota, 1. The following votes were cast for Vice President: Michael R. Pence of Indiana, 305, Tim Kaine of Virginia, 227, Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, 2, Maria Cantwell of Washington, 1, Susan Collins of Maine, 1, Carly Fiorina of Vir-ginia, 1, and Winona LaDuke of Minnesota, 1. After announcing the results of the certification process, the Vice President announced that the Joint Session was dissolved and that the results of the proceedings had during the Joint Session would be entered into the Journals of both Houses.                         Pages H189–90 
During the Joint Session various House Members rose to make a point of order, object to the counting of the electoral votes from Alabama, Florida, Geor-gia, Michigan, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jan 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JA7.REC D06JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D21 January 6, 2017 
or to make a motion. The presiding officer and Chair, Vice President Biden, held that each case re-quired a writing signed by both a Member of the House and a Senator. None were signed by a Senator and none were received.
                                   Pages H186–89 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 29, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
                Page H190 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members to the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence: Rep-resentatives Conaway, King (NY), LoBiondo, Thom-as J. Rooney (FL), Pompeo, Ros-Lehtinen, Turner, Wenstrup, Stewart, and Schiff.
                             Page H190 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 1:54 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 9 through January 13, 2017 Senate Chamber On Monday, at approximately 2 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, Budget Res-olution, and vote on or in relation to Paul Amend-ment No. 1, at 5:30 p.m. On Tuesday, at 2:30 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Sanders Amendment No. 19, to S. Con. Res. 3, Budget Resolution. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: January 10, to hold hear-ings to examine civilian control of the Armed Forces, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. January 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of James N. Mattis, to be Secretary of Defense; to be immediately followed by a business meeting to consider legislation to provide for an excep-tion to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from ac-tive duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Janu- ary 12, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Benjamin Carson, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Janu- ary 11, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Elaine L. Chao, to be Secretary of Transportation, 10:15 a.m., SR–253. January 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., to be Secretary of Commerce, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan- uary 11, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Betsy DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: January 10, Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold hearings to examine backpage.com’s facilitation of online sex trafficking, 10 a.m., SD–342. January 10, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of General John F. Kelly, USMC (Ret.), to be Secretary of Homeland Security, 3:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: January 10, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, to be Attorney General, Department of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SR–325. January 11, Full Committee, to continue hearings to examine the nomination of Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, to be Attorney General, Department of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SR–325. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jan 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JA7.REC D06JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD22 January 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, January 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, Budget Resolution, and vote on or in relation to Paul Amendment No. 1, at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, January 9 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted into this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E29, E29 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E30 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E31 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E31, E33 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E30 Graves, Tom, Ga., E29 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E30 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E31 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E29 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E29 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E29, E31, E31, E33 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E31 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Jan 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06JA7.REC D06JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST