Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the life of Mr. Kevin Lee Frye, who passed away on March 23, 2017 at the age of 53. Throughout his life, Mr. Frye was a re-spected leader in our community and an ex-emplary Firefighter and Emergency Medical Technician in both Prince William County and the City of Manassas. His dedicated service helped keep the people of Virginia’s Tenth District safe for over thirty years, and he will always be remembered. Mr. Frye began his career of service in 1983 with the Buckhall Volunteer Fire Department, Company 16, which is located in Manassas, Virginia. It was here where he held the ranks of Lieutenant, Captain, and Assistant Chief, In October of 1989, Mr. Frye joined the City of Manassas Fire and Rescue Department that both cooperates and coordinates with the Ma-nassas Volunteer Fire Company and the Greater Manassas Volunteer Rescue Squad. He honorably served the City of Manassas Fire and Rescue Department for over 25 years, holding the rank of Lieutenant and also serving on the Health and Safety Committee. During this time he also served as the depart-ment’s Training Officer, cultivating a rising generation of new service members that will carry on his legacy of dedication as they con-tinue their careers with Mr. Frye’s counsel al-ways in mind. He always displayed both deter-mination and dedication and continued his training and mentorship of other Firefighters and EMT’s even while battling cancer. Through his long and impressive career Mr. Frye became one of the most respected, sen-ior firefighters in the entire department, and his memory will always be present as a true inspiration to both the department and our local community. In addition to his selfless legacy and career of service, Mr. Frye enjoyed fishing, com-pleting home projects, and spending time with his family. He is survived by his wife, Stacy, and his two sons, Zachary and Tyler. He will be missed by the countless lives he has touched over his years of public service. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to, Kevin Lee Frye. May he rest in peace, and his family be comforted. COMMEMORATING THE 25TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE GUAHAN LIONS CLUB HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate the Guahan Lions Club as they celebrate 25 years of pub-lic service to the people of Guam. The Guahan Lions Club was established in 1992 by a group of business people, teachers, ac-countants, engineers, and government and pri-vate employees who shared a common desire to give back to our community. Throughout its rich history, the Guahan Lions Club has cham-pioned numerous causes and donated thou-sands of dollars in support of charitable orga-nizations. The Guahan Lions Club was charted by the International Association of Lions Clubs on March 23, 1992, and since then the club has advocated for numerous causes and donated thousands of dollars in support of charitable organizations. They were critical to the pas-sage of local legislation, Guam Public Law 23–27, that sought to combat graffiti, and they held an island-wide ‘‘Graffiti Wipe-out Camapaign’’ to remove graffiti throughout Guam and ensure that the island was clean. They have also been strong supporters of the Salvation Army, Guma Trankilidat, the Guam Memorial Hospital, St. Dominic Home Care, as well as numerous other community and non- profit organizations. They have also joined other Lions Clubs in Guam and throughout the region in sharing their knowledge and exper-tise on ways to improve local communities. I join the people of Guam in thanking all members of the Guahan Lions Club for their invaluable work to our community. I especially congratulate the Guahan Lions Club’s charter members—Evelyn Angeles, Cely Aquino, Thelma Barrozo, Fely Co, Monito Co, Bella Duplito, Fernando Duplito, Aida Fernandez, Fred Flores, Mirasol Flores, Rose Hidalgo, Nydia Llarenas, Cely Nisperos, Romy Nisperos, Lulu Oliamot, Rolly Ricabar, Yolly Ricabar, Nora Sicad, Bernie Tiong, Lath Tiong, Emelio Uy and Gloria Villanueva—for their foresight and diligence in creating the foundation for their success. On behalf of the people of Guam, I con-gratulate the Guahan Lions Club on their 25 years of service and look forward to continued success in the future. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE ANNIVER-SARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the 38th Anniversary of the enact-ment of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA), which originated in the Congress, and which has been instrumental in protecting the people of Taiwan from the ambitions of the People’s Republic of China (PRC). Along with the Six Assurances issued by President Ronald Reagan in 1982, the TRA forms the basis of our security relationship with one of our most important security and trading partners in Asia. The U.S.-Taiwanese relationship has particular importance for my State of Ohio. Ohio’s exports to Taiwan are valued at over $500 million a year and are growing in value. Taiwan is also one of our largest export markets in Asia. Together, the Six Assurances and TRA remain the bedrock of the U.S.-Taiwanese relationship, but we must do more. As the PRC forges ever-stronger links with its neighbors through trade and investment, so we must find new ways to strengthen Taiwan’s regional presence and secure our own inter-ests in the wake of our withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It is my hope that we take bilateral steps to deepen our own trade relationship, which I hope will culminate in a free trade agreement. Such a goal, when achieved, will enhance our own economic presence in the region and contribute to Tai-wan’s freedom and prosperity. For myself and on behalf of my constituents, I celebrate our friendship with the people of Taiwan as this anniversary approaches, and offer my congratulations to them as we cele-brate their democratic way of life. f 
RECOGNIZING RENARD GROUP AD-VERTISING FOR 40 YEARS SERV-ING THE TYLER COMMUNITY 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in recognition of Renard Group Advertising, the oldest advertising agency dedicated to sup-porting and assisting the businesses, organi-zations and charities of Tyler, Texas. This agency recently celebrated 40 years of dedi-cated service to its community. As the representative and servant of the 1st District of Texas, I have had the privilege of knowing the city of Tyler, its blessed and be-neficent inhabitants along with its very rich his-tory. Renard Group truly and accurately pro-motes the pride, passion and personality of the people and businesses who make Tyler the remarkable and close-knit Rose Capital that it is and proudly will be for the future. Accordingly, congratulations is due to and extended in honor of all those who have con-tributed to Renard Group Advertising’s suc-cess, especially its founder, Michael P. Smith. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12AP8.001 E12APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE500 April 12, 2017 
HONORING THE 2016–2017 GONZAGA BULLDOGS MEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM AND THEIR REMARKABLE ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of the 2016–2017 Gonzaga University Bulldogs Men’s Basketball Team. After a spectacular 37–2 season culminating in an appearance in the NCAA Championship game, we celebrate and reflect upon their success. This season once again demonstrated that Gonzaga men’s basketball is one of the na-tion’s elite programs. The Zags ended the reg-ular season 29–1, a run which included their 3rd Advocare Invitational Championship, a number one ranking, and their fifth West Coast Conference regular season champion-ship in a row and 17th since 1999. They also continued their run of 19 straight NCAA. tour-nament appearances by winning the West Coast Conference Tournament Championship, their 15th since 1999 and fifth in a row. This year’s NCAA Tournament was a watershed moment in the program’s history. After hard- fought wins over South Dakota State, North-western, and West Virginia, the Zags defeated Xavier to reach their first Final Four in pro-gram history. And they capped it off, beating South Carolina in the Final Four to advance to their first NCAA Championship Game. Additionally, the individual accomplishments of this year’s team are significant. Guard Nigel Williams-Goss was a standout on the court and in the classroom, becoming a consensus All-American for his performance on the court and an Academic All-American. Przemek Karnowski shattered the record for all-time wins in Men’s Division I College Basketball by winning 137 games over the course of his ca-reer. Head Coach Mark Few, who has been a leader in our community in both basketball and service, capped his most successful sea-son by becoming National Coach of the Year. These individual accolades serve to highlight the overall success by this team. I also want to recognize and congratulate all of the individuals who were so important in this year’s success, including coaches Mark Few, Tommy Lloyd, Donny Daniels, and Brian Michaelson and all of their staff; Director of Basketball Operations John Jakus; Athletic Di-rector Mike Roth; The Gonzaga University Ad-ministration, board of trustees, and President Thayne McCulloh; and athletes Przemek Karnowski, Nigel Williams-Goss, Jordan Mat-hews, Johnathan Williams III, Josh Perkins, Silas Melson, Zach Collins, Killian Tillie, Rui Hachimura, Bryan Alberts, Jeremy Jones, Dustin Triano, Ryan Edwards, Rem Bakamus, Jack Beach, Jacob Larsen, and Zack Norvell. All of them exemplify the team philosophy of hard work, personal sacrifice, and shared val-ues. Their success is an inspiration. So today, I rise to recognize the Gonzaga Bulldogs Men’s Basketball Team and the com-munity that supports them—the current and former players, coaches, staff, students, ad-ministration, and fans. The Gonzaga Bulldogs have long been a model for excellence in col-lege basketball, and have continuously ex-ceeded expectations. We are grateful for their positive impact on Eastern Washington, and we look forward to their continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SIXTH GRADERS OF BLUE RIDGE MID-DLE SCHOOL 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate the sixth grade students of Blue Ridge Middle School located in Loudoun County, Virginia and the adults who worked with them, in creating an extraor-dinarily successful One to the World Project, recently. Through the Loudoun County Public Schools’ One to the World Project, students have an opportunity to work on a challenging societal problem using critical thinking, com-munication, collaboration and creativity to make a difference in addressing or alleviating the problem. Students and faculty at Blue Ridge Middle School, as well as the staff at Mobile Hope of Loudoun and their Executive Director, Donna Fortier, devoted countless hours to this project and truly went above and beyond what could have been expected and I am proud of their collective efforts and generosity. The students decided to address the prob-lem of homelessness and made arrangements to partner with Mobile Hope of Loudoun to de-liver items of support to them. As soon as the partnership arrangement was made, the sixth graders of Blue Ridge Middle School enthu-siastically began to work on a variety of vid-eos, posters, brochures, and presentations in order to raise awareness for their project and to solicit donations. Impressively, the students received over 1,400 donations, ranging from clothing to household cleaning products, and diapers to canned foods. The project concluded with a visit and speech from Donna Fortier, whose direction and leadership truly guided the students. Not only were they able to see firsthand how local organizations like Mobile Hope of Loudoun can help those in need, but they also learned the value of being charitable. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring Blue Ridge Middle School’s sixth graders, the school’s faculty, and Ms. Fortier for their extraordinary work on this project. Dedicating their time and efforts to helping those less fortunate attests to their un-selfish character and determination to better their community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE KANNAPOLIS MIDDLE SCHOOL HISTORY QUIZ BOWL TEAM 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Kannapolis Middle School North Carolina History Quiz Bowl Team for their vic-tory in the 2017 History Quiz Bowl. This year, the team of Katie Messick, Robert Le, Tanner Sims, Raegan Koon, and Kandace Davis took home the top prize after beating five other squads in the competition. Originally sponsored by the state in a part-nership with various historic sites, the Quiz Bowl pits local eighth graders against each other to test their knowledge of North Carolina and national history. After the 2008 recession, the state cut funding for the event but a few dedicated teachers kept the competition alive. Now the competition operates as a commu-nity-based event showcasing exceptional stu-dents from both public and private schools. This year’s event brought a host of talent and I am extremely proud of all of the stu-dents who participated. As a history major my-self, I have a deep appreciation for both our state and nation’s history and I am glad these students share the same passion. I am also thankful for the teachers and volunteers who made the event possible. I look forward to many more years of a successful competition and wish all the students well as they continue their academic pursuits. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating the Kannapolis Middle School His-tory Quiz Bowl Team on their accomplishment. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CAMP HOPE/CHRIS NEAL FARM 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Camp Hope/Chris Neal Farm on the occasion of its 10th Anniversary. Cre-ated by Gold Star parents, William, ‘‘Mike’’ and Galia White, the camp located on the farm in St. Francois County, Missouri, honors their 23-year-old son, Marine Private First Class Christopher Neal White. Chris was killed in action in Al Anbar, Iraq on June 20, 2006. Not long after, the Whites began to develop their vision for helping wounded soldiers enjoy the great outdoors as their son had done. Camp Hope provides outdoor adventures for combat wounded veterans of the War on Ter-ror and active-duty combat-wounded soldiers, Marines, airmen and sailors. Their Camp Hope experience is entirely free of charge. Camp Hope’s mission is to offer these com-bat veterans the chance to shoot skeet, hunt turkey and deer, fish, hike, explore the coun-try, or relax around the ever-burning fire pit. The goal is to help them experience healing through nature. Since 2007, dozens of wounded soldiers from across the nation and all branches of service have laughed and cried together and found their own sense of peace at this 170- acre farm near Farmington. Volunteers—many of them veterans themselves—have helped to make the dream come true donating their time and money to these heroes on the homefront. In celebration of the 10th Anniversary of Camp Hope/Chris Neal Farm, it is my great pleasure to honor the Whites, the volunteers who join them and the combat veterans they serve today before the United States House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12AP8.005 E12APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE501 April 12, 2017 
HONORING OUR LOCAL COPS 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the dedication and bravery of our nation’s law enforcement, especially in relation to keeping drugs out of our communities. I would like to commend the efforts of Wis-consin officers who are on the front lines to halt the flow of methamphetamines into our communities. After a three-year investigation conducted by local, state, and federal law en-forcement agencies, 19 individuals have pleaded guilty to conspiring to distribute meth in central Wisconsin. During that period, the individuals involved distributed 127 pounds of meth, at a value of $5.7 million. These heroes in law enforcement deserve our praise. They go to work every day not knowing if they are going to come home. And they are leading the fight against meth, which has scourged our families and communities. Meth distributors intentionally seek to create new addicts in our communities by flooding the market with cheap product and targeting individuals. Our officers see the consequences of meth in the eyes of the children they rescue from homes consumed by this addiction. That’s why the fight against this epidemic is so important, and why we are eternally grateful for their service. I would like to recognize the Lincoln County Sheriff’s Office, especially Detective Lieuten-ant Chad Collinsworth; the Wisconsin Depart-ment of Justice, Division of Criminal Investiga-tion; the Wausau office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration; the Marathon County Sheriff’s Office Special Investigations Unit; the Wausau Police Department, and IRS Criminal Investigation unit for their work on behalf of our community. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Americans to take the opportunity to thank a police officer in their community. They have our backs, and the least that we can do is to let them know that we have theirs. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 60TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE DESEGRE-GATION OF THE PURCELLVILLE LIBRARY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 60th anniversary of the desegre-gation of the Purcellville Library and to ex-press gratitude for all those people of good will who helped bring about the change. On April 9, 1957, the Purcellville Public Library opened its doors to African-American patrons, and on April 8, 2017, the community of Purcellville celebrated this important historical milestone with a series of informational pro-grams and exhibits describing the Civil Rights heritage of western Loudoun. It is clear that we all owe a great debt of gratitude for the courage and tenacity of two residents of Purcellville, Samuel Cardoza Mur-ray and his wife, Josie Cook Murray, who had a very successful upholstery business in the town. Around Christmas, 1956, the Murrays went to the Purcellville Library to do some re-search on ornate Austrian shades for a win-dow in a customer’s home and were shocked when they were denied the opportunity to take out books that they needed. That incident began a several month struggle by the Murrays to challenge the library’s segregation policy. The Murrays’ struggle included being rebuffed by several attorneys, and experi-encing various other forms of personal harass-ment. Although the financial well-being of the library played a role, a positive side of the controversy was the sentiment of the residents of Loudoun revealed in a petition and counter- petition that were collected; Those petitioning to keep the library segregated got 44 signa-tures and those willing to integrate the library had 366 signatures, which was eight times the number of the pro-segregation group. The in-tegration of Purcellville Library has great his-torical significance as one of the first victories in the civil rights movement in Loudoun Coun-ty. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Samuel Cardoza Murray and Josie Cook Murray for their commitment to make sure that all young minds will be nur-tured in our libraries, in our schools, and in our homes. f 
HONORING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF PEG YORKIN 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an American leader, a true pio-neer, and my dear friend, Peg Yorkin, on the occasion of her 90th birthday. As a Co-Found-er and Chair of the Feminist Majority Founda-tion, Peg has been a tremendously effective and tireless advocate for women’s rights, set-ting an inspiring example for women across the United States and around the globe. Peg Yorkin’s visionary leadership and ex-traordinary generosity have made the Feminist Majority one of the most formidable partners in enacting groundbreaking legislation for women and families for over four decades. Strengthened by Peg’s bold vision, the Feminist Majority’s achievements include the Civil Rights Act of 1991, which contained a provision for monetary damages to women who win sexual harassment lawsuits; the Fam-ily and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Vio-lence Against Women Act, and many more. The breadth of Peg’s accomplishments is truly remarkable. In addition to her work with the Feminist Majority, Peg has provided out-standing support to a variety of other praise-worthy women’s causes including Voters for Choice, the Rape Foundation, and the Sojourn Center for Abused Women. Peg has helped to advance women’s access to reproductive health care in America and drawn the world’s attention to the plight of women and girls in Afghanistan. Peg’s leadership has spotlighted the vast potential of the national and global empower-ment of women. With each day that passes, Peg’s legacy continues to impact women ev-erywhere as the march for women’s economic, social, and political progress continues. It is my great honor to join Peg’s children and grandchildren, her many friends, my col-leagues in the House of Representatives, and women everywhere, in wishing Peg a happy 90th birthday—and many more years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF MAJOR JACK BORNHOEFT, USAF (RET.) 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the wartime service of Major Jack Bornhoeft, a longtime resident of the Village of Mount Prospect, Illinois. On April 3, the Consul General of France in Chicago, Vincent Floreani, recognized Jack Bornhoeft as a French Knight of the Legion of Honor. The award is an important recognition of Major Bornhoeft’s contribution to efforts to liberate France from German occupation. In 1942, Jack Bornhoeft, then only 19 years of age, volunteered for service in the Army Air Corps. He would eventually pilot a B–26 Ma-rauder on 45 missions—participating in three major campaigns from September 1944 through June 1945. Jack Bornhoeft risked his life time and time again—participating in operations across France and Germany as United States and Al-lied forces fought against the Nazi regime. He and his crew regularly braved enemy fire, and their B–26 survived numerous hits. I am forever grateful for the service of Major Bornhoeft and his crew, and I believe that we must never forget what they and other service members went through as they risked—and in many cases sacrificed—their lives to defend freedom in World War II. I also want to recognize the Village of Mount Prospect, Illinois, and the French gov-ernment for their efforts to recognize veterans like Major Bornhoeft who have done their duty and deserve recognition. I Thank Major Bornhoeft, for all that he has done for our country. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE UNIVER-SITY OF MICHIGAN IN THE YEAR OF ITS BICENTENNIAL CELEBRA-TION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the University of Michigan in the year of its bicentennial. Since 1817, the Uni-versity of Michigan has established a reputa-tion as one of the world’s foremost centers of learning and research, and has produced gen-erations of leaders, scholars and innovators. Founded in 1817 in Detroit, Michigan, the University of Michigan has since evolved to become one of the United States’ great public institutes of higher education. The university was moved to its current location in Ann Arbor in 1837, where it continued to expand and de-velop. Today, the University of Michigan con-tains nineteen colleges, including prominent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12AP8.009 E12APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE502 April 12, 2017 
graduate schools of medicine, law and busi-ness, and educates tens of thousands of un-dergraduate and postgraduate students each year. Michigan also serves as one of the lead-ing centers of research and played a key role in developing key scientific breakthroughs such as a vaccine for polio. In addition, the University of Michigan is well known for its student activism and was instrumental in the establishment of the Peace Corps. The univer-sity has also achieved excellence in athletics, with the Wolverines consistently competing at the highest levels of collegiate sports. The University of Michigan continues to serve the state and country by attracting some of the brightest educators and scholars and in-spiring a new generation of leaders. Its alumni include twenty six Rhodes Scholars, political leaders including former President Gerald Ford, and leading innovators like Google co- founder Larry Page. The university also has a rich literary tradition, having educated promi-nent writers and journalists including Mike Wallace and Arthur Miller. The University of Michigan has successfully pursued knowledge and truth for two hundred years, and I have confidence that it will continue to build on this outstanding legacy going forward. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the University of Michigan during its bicentennial. The University’s record of ex-cellence in scholarship and research is worthy of commendation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KRISSY GREEN AND THE DOUGLAS J. GREEN MEMORIAL FOUNDATION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize my constituent, Krissy Green, for her devotion to United States mili-tary service members both here and abroad. Ms. Green, along with her mother, Suni Chabrow, founded the Douglas J. Green Me-morial Foundation in honor of her brother, Specialist Douglas J. Green, who was killed in the line of duty in 2011. The Douglas J. Green Memorial Foundation is an all-volunteer, non- profit organization that has been dedicated to providing comfort and support for military serv-ice members through the shipment of care packages since 2011 and planning memorable experiences for service members to look for-ward to once they return from deployments. Specialist Douglas J. Green enlisted in the United States Army in 2007 shortly after grad-uating from Potomac Falls High School in Vir-ginia’s Tenth District and served two tours of duty in support of both Operation Iraqi Free-dom and Operation Enduring Freedom. It was in his second tour in Afghanistan that Spe-cialist Green made the ultimate sacrifice for his country. Specialist Green was post-humously awarded the Bronze Star with a Combat V, a Purple Heart, an Army Com-mendation Medal, and the Combat Infantry-man Badge for his distinguished and honor-able service. He is remembered not only for his bravery, but also for his generosity and smile. While on deployment, Specialist Green’s family fondly recalled his appreciation of re-ceiving care packages from his family and friends. He always enjoyed sharing care pack-ages with his fellow service men and women, and, with this in mind, his mother and sister started the Douglas J. Green Memorial Foun-dation. As the Director of Activities for the Greater Virginia/District of Columbia region, Krissy Green maintains her brother’s legacy by send-ing care packages to troops, many of whom were friends of her brother. Ms. Green has es-tablished partnerships with local businesses and organizations in Virginia’s Tenth District, such as Soldier Fit in Sterling, Virginia, to host events to put together, care packages. Her ef-forts have allowed for her brother to be re-membered and celebrated, and these efforts have bettered the lives of hundreds of troops overseas. Since 2011, the Douglas J. Green Memorial Foundation has continuously helped service men and women around the world, and I am grateful the organization holds many of its events in my district. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Krissy Green and the Douglas J. Green Memorial Foundation for its dedication to serving our na-tion and honoring the life of Specialist Douglas J. Green. I wish Krissy Green, Suni Chabrow, and the entire organization the best in their fu-ture endeavors. f 
HONORING REVEREND EDDIE PERRY 
HON. A. DONALD McEACHIN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Reverend Eddie Perry, pastor emeritus of Saint John’s Baptist Church. Reverend Eddie Perry’s efforts and contin-ued courage to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ through oratory teachings, community involvement and leadership are to be com-mended. He continues to make an indelible mark in Charles City and has served as the pastor of Saint John’s Baptist Church for sev-eral years. Reverend Perry is a committed husband and father whose continued leader-ship is an inspiration to his congregation and all those who know him—myself included. Reverend Perry is a dedicated man of faith. I thank Reverend Perry for his service. The bell of his lifelong achievements will ring for all of eternity. 
f 
H.R. 1353, THE TRANSPARENCY IN TECHNOLOGICAL ACQUISITION ACT OF 2017 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the cost estimate from the Congres-sional Budget Office regarding H.R. 1353. The cost estimate was not available at the time of the filing of the Committee report or consider-ation by the Full House. U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, April 12, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 1353, the Transparency in Technological Acquisitions Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Megan Carroll. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL. Enclosure. H.R. 1353—Transparency in Technological Ac-quisitions Act of 2017 H.R. 1353 would expand requirements for the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to report to the Congress on the status of the agency’s planned investments in tech-nologies related to transportation security. CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 1353 would have no significant effect on the fed-eral budget. According to TSA, the agency already collects data necessary to meet the legislation’s requirements to provide addi-tional information about acquisition pro-grams on a more frequent basis. As a result, CBO estimates that any change in the agen-cy’s costs, which would be subject to appro-priation, would not exceed $500,000 in any year. Enacting H.R. 1353 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 1353 would not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1353 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, tribal governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Megan Carroll. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE SMS CORMORAN’S SINKING IN APRA HARBOR, GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the scuttling of the World War I German ship, the SMS Cormoran, in Guam’s Apra Harbor, which occurred on April 7, 1917. The SMS Cormoran was scuttled by its crew on April 7, 1917, the day the United States entered World War I. Twenty six years later, on August 27, 1943 the Japanese freighter Tokai Maru was torpedoed and came to rest also in Apra Harbor’s waters. This Apra Harbor site is symbolic of Guam’s rich history and unique role in United States and world history, as this is the only site in the world housing two shipwrecks from the two World Wars. Originally a Russian merchant fleet vessel, SMS Cormoran was captured by Germans in the years leading up to World War I, and was transformed into an auxiliary cruiser which Germany docked in the Chinese province of Tsingtao, a small German colony at the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12AP8.013 E12APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE503 April 12, 2017 
In December of 1914, the SMS Cormoran was chased by Japanese warships on a routine trip, and running low on fuel, docked at Apra Harbor on Guam. At the time, Guam was a U.S. territory, and the United States was a neutral nation. The SMS Cormoran’s captain, Captain Adalbert Zuckschwerdt requested fuel and provisions from Guam’s naval Governor William Maxwell, who promptly denied the re-quest due to the United States’ neutrality. In-stead he gave Captain Zuckschwerdt two op-tions—to leave Guam immediately or remain interned. Captain Zuckschwerdt chose to re-main on island. On April 7, 1917 the United States entered World War I, and naval Gov-ernor Roy Smith ordered Captain Zuckschwerdt to surrender his personnel and the SMS Cormoran. While Captain Zuckschwerdt surrendered his personnel, he ordered the crew to scuttle the vessel. Amer-ican soldiers noticed the activity and fired a warning shot, which signified America’s first engagement with Germany the very same day we declared our entry into World War I. Six German soldiers died in the scuttling of SMS Cormoran and they were buried with full mili-tary honors at the U.S. Naval Cemetery. In 1975, the wreck of the SMS Cormoran was placed on the National Register of His-toric Places. I commend the work of the Guam Visitors Bureau and all other stakeholders for organizing an event to commemorate 100th anniversary of the SMS Cormoran’s sinking, which prompted the first American action upon its entry into World War I. This ceremony high-lights Guam’s unique history in world events and provides an opportunity to showcase the distinctive historical sites that are only avail-able on our island. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE LOUDOUN VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL BOYS’ BASKETBALL TEAM ON WINNING THE 4A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a boys’ basketball team from Loudoun Valley High School, in our Tenth Congressional District, who recently won the 4A State Championship. Their dedication, hard work, and perseverance, along with guidance and direction of head coach, Chad Dawson and assistant head coach, Josh Mallory, helped earn their school’s boys’ basketball program its first state championship title. The Loudoun Valley Vikings opened the state tournament with an impressive 83–61 win over the 2016 state champions, the Mona-can Chiefs of Chesterfield, in the quarterfinals. The Vikings then prevailed over the George Washington Eagles of Danville in the semifinals. The game was initially close as the Vikings were only leading by eight points at the end of the first half, but they persevered as their endurance led the Vikings to yet an-other victory. In the state championship game, the Vikings faced the Eagles of Jamestown City County who entered the game with a re-markable 27–3 record for the season. While the Eagles were a formidable opponent and should be applauded for their effort, the Vi-kings handily won the game as the skills that their coaches instilled in them shined from start to finish. The Viking’s championship vic-tory marked the conclusion of an impressive 30–1 team record for the season. We are all proud of these young men and their coaches. Loudoun Valley High School’s basketball team, their coaching and athletic training staff as well as School Athletic Director, Kris Kelican, have made Loudoun County and Vir-ginia’s Tenth Congressional District proud. Winning a state championship is an extraor-dinary achievement and it attests to the team’s noteworthy athletic talent, laudable work ethic, commitment to teamwork, tireless dedication, and determination to succeed. I also want to commend the Vikings’ excellent coaching staff, as without their mentorship this would not have been possible. The Loudoun Valley bas-ketball program has certainly earned this dis-tinct honor, and the leadership that sports in-still and the sportsmanship these young men have acquired in their athletic student careers will valuably serve them in their future aca-demic endeavors and dedication to athletics. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Loudoun Valley Vi-kings on winning the 4A State Championship and representing Virginia’s Tenth Congres-sional District with such distinction. I am proud to represent these students and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12AP8.017 E12APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D429 Wednesday, April 12, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 8:30 a.m., on Thursday, April 13, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 2086–2092, were introduced.
     Page H2801 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2802 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 1258, to make technical corrections to the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (H. Rept. 115–90). 
                                                                                            Page H2801 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2799 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Michael Wilker, Lutheran Church of the Reformation, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H2799 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:02 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12AP7.REC D12APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD430 April 12, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:30 a.m., Thursday, April 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, April 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in a pro forma session at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E499, E502 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E499, E500, E501, E502, E503 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E501 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E501 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E499 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E500 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E502 McEachin, A. Donald, Va., E502 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E500 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E501 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E499 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E501 Smith, Jason, Mo., E500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12AP7.REC D12APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST