Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Jo Lawson, the oldest living female veteran of Mercer County, Illinois. Mrs. Lawson has lived a life of service to her com-munity and her country. Mrs. Lawson grew up on a farm in Aledo. After graduating from Aledo High School, she attended the University of Iowa, where she majored in elementary education. In 1944, at twenty-three years old, Mrs. Lawson joined the United States Coast Guard. She attended basic training in West Palm Beach, Florida. Following basic training, Mrs. Lawson at-tended six months of radioman training in At-lantic City, New Jersey. After radioman train-ing, she was stationed in San Pedro, Cali-fornia. Her primary duty there was to receive messages over teletype, which often included receiving coordinates for ships and fallen air-craft. In 1946, Mrs. Lawson was discharged with a rank of 3rd Class Radioman. In 1950, she married Colonel Dave Lawson. They were classmates in high school and stayed in contact throughout the years fol-lowing their graduation They were later re-united in California. Colonel and Mrs. Lawson were married sixty-three years, until Colonel Lawson passed away in September of 2015. They had five children together, losing one to prematurity, and were also blessed with four grandchildren. In Mercer County, Mrs. Lawson taught one year at Perryton and taught seventh grade so-cial studies at Northside Junior High. Along with serving her community through teaching, Mrs. Lawson was involved with and cofounded many local organizations, including the 708 Mental Health Board and Mercer County Re-cycling. Additionally, she was a planning board representative at her church, where she helped start the Churches of Mercer County Food Pantry. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again honor Jo Lawson for her extraordinary service to both her country and her community. f 
HONORING ZACHARY GOLDBERG 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dedicated, driven and hard-working young man from the Second Congressional District of Pennsylvania, Zachary Goldberg, the winner of this year’s Congressional App Challenge in my District. Zachary Goldberg is a Chestnut Hill resident and a senior at Germantown Friends School in Philadelphia. For this year’s Congressional App Challenge Zachary created an app called the Pennsylvania Legislation Tracker. In his words: ‘‘I developed the Pennsylvania Legisla-tion Tracker to make information about the Pennsylvania General Assembly more readily available, enabling people to keep up to date on which legislation is currently being consid-ered and supported by their state legislators.’’ Our students are our next generation of leaders. I was so impressed by Zachary’s at-tention to detail and keen awareness to help our community by developing such a thought-ful app that aims to keep Philadelphians and Pennsylvanians more informed in the political process. It is great to see such a passion for politics and helping others at a young age. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania is very proud of this great accomplish-ment and extends gratitude to Zachary Gold-berg for his efforts to fight for a stronger to-morrow and dedicated support to the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MASHPEE HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mashpee High School’s third consecutive Super Bowl victory. On December 2nd the Mashpee Falcons faced off against the Blackstone Valley Tech Beavers in the Division 7 Super Bowl. The Falcons were up by six points with three min-utes left in the game and a last minute inter-ception sealed this 22–16 victory. Fans erupt-ed in ‘‘three-peat’’ cheers at Gillette Stadium, home of the New England Patriots. This is the third consecutive and fourth overall state championship for Mashpee High School Foot-ball. They left it all on the field last weekend and, as Coach Belichick would say, ‘‘did their job.’’ The dedication and support of every player, every cheerleader, their families, the coaches, and other faculty members set the foundation for the Falcons’ undefeated season. With over twenty straight wins under their belt, I have no doubt that the Falcons will continue to make our community proud. I look forward to fol-lowing their season next year and wish all of our graduating seniors continued success in the future. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the third consecutive Super Bowl victory for Mashpee High School. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating them and wishing them all the best in the many seasons to come. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the vote on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 1730 (Roll Call No. 673). Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HANNA GRADE SCHOOL FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO PROTECTING THE ENVIRON-MENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Hanna Grade School in Orion, Il-linois, on being recognized by Nature and Cul-ture International for its commitment to pro-tecting the environment. Hanna Grade School has raised money for Nature and Culture International every year since 1999. Each year, their donation goes to a different part of the world in order to support an environmental cause. This year’s donation went to protecting jaguars in Mexico. Nature and Culture International is a nonprofit organi-zation that works to protect biologically diverse environments in Latin America. Hanna Grade School was the only school mentioned in this year’s Nature and Culture International bro-chure, the first time this has been produced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15DE8.001 E15DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1714 December 15, 2017 
Since 1999, Hanna Grade School has raised more than $6,000. That amount is enough to save more than 120 acres of rainforest. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to recognize Hanna Grade School for its outstanding hard work and dedication to protecting the environment, and thank its former and current students, par-ents, and faculty for their devotion to making the world a better place. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LORI S. LIU 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Lori Liu who is leaving public service after four years on the Brisbane City Council, the last year as Mayor of this storied town near San Francisco Bay. Lori’s deep commitment to public service is evident from her accomplish-ments and contributions to her community. She is a champion of education, children, the arts, recreation, economic development and the environment. Lori was first elected to the council in 2013. While on the council, she served on, or as representative to, a number of organizations, including the Association of Bay Area Govern-ments, the Peninsula Clean Energy Board of Directors, the County Library JPA, the coun-cil’s Economic Development Subcommittee, the Health and Safety Subcommittee, the League of California Cities, the liaison to the Parks and Recreation Commission, the Airport Community Roundtable, the Planning Com-mission, the liaison to the Open Space and Ecology Committee, the Community Choice Energy Advisory Committee and many others. You may justifiably surmise from this lengthy list that Lori is well-versed in a variety of issues affecting the residents of Brisbane and the region. Her leadership is notable as she tackled one of the most longstanding opportunities and challenges in the community: the Baylands Project. Lori was indefatigable as she conducted council meetings and listened closely to the community through hours of dis-cussions involving possible offices, open space, housing, environmental cleanup and restoration, and the overall concept of a sus-tainable community. She carefully weighed the impacts of this project on Brisbane and our re-gion. She was instrumental in laying the ground-work to build a new library which will be con-structed starting next year. Libraries are com-munity spaces that connect generations and nurture life-long learning. The Brisbane Library will include a Maker’s Space to spark the cre-ativity of the next generation of innovators, spaces for children and teens, a quiet study area, an outdoor garden, a community center, and the first public arts project triggered by a city ordinance. Lori has a long track record of working on environmental issues. In fact, when she moved to Brisbane in 2004, her very first vol-unteer activity was to attend an Earth Day clean up event. While on the council, she helped to secure a grant to renovate Crocker Park Trail. This funding will make the trail more usable for bicyclists, joggers and parents with strollers. It will also establish a safe pe-destrian and bike-friendly connection between residential development at the Ridge and Lipman Middle School. Due in part to Lori’s outstanding work, Brisbane received the Plat-inum level Spotlight Award from the Institute for Local Government for environmental lead-ership and best practices. With her support, the city signed up to have all municipal electric accounts serviced by 100 percent renewable energy. Lori understands that a high quality of life for residents depends on a healthy balance of physical and financial security, education, functioning infrastructure, clean air and clean water, and recreation and entertainment. Life without music and fun would not be complete, so Lori supported the launch of two spectac-ular, family-friendly community events, the Ma-rina Kite Festival and the Star City Music Fes-tival. The kite festival celebrated its first anni-versary this June and the music festival will have its premier in July next year. Lori holds a B.A. from Tufts University and a J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. She and her husband Raymond Liu live in Brisbane with their two young children, Samantha and Noah. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to rise with me to honor Lori Liu for her exemplary service on the Brisbane City Coun-cil. Her public service made Brisbane a better place to live, work and visit. I personally regret that she is leaving office and hope she will re-turn to offer Brisbane her skills and talents in addressing the issues facing her beloved city. I have no doubt that Lori will continue to make enormous contributions to any effort she un-dertakes. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GALESBURG, ILLINOIS FOR BEING NAMED A PROJECT WINNER FOR THE 2017 GOVERNOR’S HOMETOWN AWARD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Galesburg, Illinois for being named a project winner for the 2017 Gov-ernor’s Hometown Award due to its out-standing Galesburg Heart & Soul program. The Galesburg Heart & Soul project is a community revitalization and development ef-fort, based on broad and vigorous resident participation. The project’s goal is to allow residents to voice what they value most about their town and encourage them to actively par-ticipate in community development. The project did this by collecting the input of Galesburg Residents from all walks of life through hosting multiple focus groups. Based on their voices, an action plan was built in order to guide all stakeholders to develop a stronger, healthier, and more economically dy-namic community for all. The hard work and community collaboration visible through the Galesburg Heart & Soul project makes me especially proud to serve Il-linois’ 17th Congressional District. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to again formally congratulate Galesburg, Illinois for being named a project winner for the 2017 Governor’s Hometown Award. HONORING THE LIFE OF CHARLES GILBERT SLEPIAN HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life of Charles Gilbert Slepian. A veteran of the United States Army, Charles dedicated his life to protecting and serving his country. Charles ‘‘Chic’’ Slepian was born and raised in the South Bronx in New York, New York. Charles was a loving husband to his wife Pa-tricia Murray, dedicated father to his children Jon and Keri from his marriage with Nita Koval, and to Jenny and James from his mar-riage to Jeanette Slepian. He was a caring grandfather to his many grandchildren and proud uncle to Michael and Mark Slepian, and Lori Mulick. A graduate of the City College of New York and Fordham Law School, Charles had a rich career as an educator and attorney. He served as Deputy Commissioner to New York City Mayor John Lindsay. Additionally, he founded the Foreseeable Risk Analysis Center to consult on various security protocols. As a security consultant, Slepian was frequently called upon by national media outlets to offer his expert analysis on the improvement of se-curity practices. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize a life so fully lived. Charles shared his energy with those whom he worked and instilled his values of sacrifice and service in his loved ones. His son, James Slepian, served not only as my chief of staff, but my confidant and friend. I am grateful for the Slepian family’s service to our country and ask my colleagues in the House to join me in paying tribute to a valued soldier and citizen, Charles Gilbert Slepian. 
f 
HONORING U.S. NATIONAL GUARD’S 381ST BIRTHDAY 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women of the National Guard for their 381 years of dedicated service and sac-rifice to the defense of our nation. On December 13, 1636, the first militia regi-ments in North America were organized in Massachusetts. From deploying overseas in theaters of war, to being activated by our nation’s governors in times of natural disaster, the Guard has been a critical component of our national security strategy, and an integral part of America’s mili-tary supremacy. I extend my thanks to Arkansas’s Adjutant General, Mark Berry, for his dedication and leadership of Arkansas’s Guard. Thank you to those Guardsmen who are currently deployed overseas, including the Ar-kansas Guardsmen currently deployed around the world in Kosovo and Kuwait. But most of all, thank you to those National Guardsmen who have given the ultimate sac-rifice in defense of our nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Dec 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15DE8.006 E15DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1715 December 15, 2017 
CONGRATULATING FULTON COUN-TY, ILLINOIS FOR BEING NAMED A PROJECT WINNER FOR THE 2017 GOVERNOR’S HOMETOWN AWARD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 15, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Fulton County, Illinois for being named a project winner for the 2017 Gov-ernor’s Hometown Award due to its excep-tional recovery efforts following the event of the Canton Gas Explosion. On November 16, 2016, the town of Canton and County of Fulton were impacted by a nat-ural gas explosion. This tragic incident de-stroyed one building, damaged 66 buildings, left 12 people injured, and left one person dead. The explosion was felt as far away as one mile. The explosion occurred in downtown Canton and affected many major businesses. However, instead of faltering, the community chose to come together and show what it means to be Canton Strong. In addition to public safety agencies, many volunteer agen-cies and volunteers themselves helped move Canton toward recovery. The Canton Cham-ber of Commerce also kept businesses in-formed and helped them get up and running again. This community’s response minimized the number of residents affected, job loss, and tax revenue loss. The hard work, perseverance, and commu-nity collaboration visible through Fulton Coun-ty’s recovery efforts makes me especially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Fulton County, Illinois for being named a project winner for the 2017 Gov-ernor’s Hometown Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Dec 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15DE8.011 E15DEPT1
D1333 Friday, December 15, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, December 18, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 5 public bills, H.R. 4661–4665; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 665–666, were introduced.
                                Page H10144 
Additional Cosponsors:                                     Page H10144 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: Conference report on H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 (H. Rept. 115–466).
                      Pages H9943–H10143, H10144, H10145 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9943 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, the Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, Texas.
               Page H9943 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H10143. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 5:30 p.m. and ad-journed at 5:33 p.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on a con-ference report to accompany H.R. 1, the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’; and H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designa-tion Improvement Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:24 Dec 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15DE7.REC D15DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1334 December 15, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, December 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will begin consideration of the nominations of J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Owen West, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and vote on con-firmation of the nominations in the order listed at ap-proximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, December 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Exensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1713, E1713, E1714, E1715 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1713 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E1713 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1714 Keating, William R., Mass., E1713 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1714 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1714 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E1713 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:24 Dec 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15DE7.REC D15DEPT1