Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, For 125 years, the city of Buena Vista, Virginia, has stood at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains by the Maury River. Though Buena Vista has seen many changes during this time, I have always known this community to be home to hardworking people who are eager to welcome a neighbor and lend a helping hand. The city’s origins can be traced back to the opening of a simple tannery by Benjamin Moomaw. In the early days, the community was known by several names, including Green Forest—a fitting name given the beautiful surrounding landscape. On February 15, 1892, Buena Vista was granted its city charter. Buena Vista is wellknown for a number of outdoor recreation opportunities, like the 315 acre Glen Maury Park. Glen Maury Park hosts numerous music events each year, including the Maury River Fiddlers’ Convention and the annual Beach Music Festival. Buena Vista is also an Appalachian Trail community and a welcome respite for many through hikers. Whether giving a lift to an AT hiker or welcoming fiddlers to the competition stage, Buena Vista residents take pride in their city. Community is built and evidenced by the spirit of volunteerism which reigns across many projects and programs that benefit both residents and visitors, like arts promotions, beautification efforts, and local endeavors to protect historic structures. Education has long been a hallmark of life in Buena Vista. The campus of Southern Virginia University, a private, 4year liberal arts college, is located in the city. I would be remiss if I didn’t mention that Buena Vista is also home to Parry McCluer High School, the Fighting Blues! Generations of former students come together during each sports season to support their team with resounding, ‘‘Go, Blue’’ cheers. Academic success is celebrated as well, not only by parents but by the community, witnessed by the multitude of academic scholarships presented to PMHS graduates each year. The annual Labor Day Parade is a true Buena Vista tradition. Since the initial Labor Day Parade held in the early 1970s, folks from across the Commonwealth have gathered to watch as the parade marched down Magnolia Avenue from downtown Buena Vista to Glen Maury Park. It’s traditionally known as the kickoff to the political season leading up to the November elections, and I always look forward to the parade and the many friends I see along the way. The city of Buena Vista is a special place to me. After marrying my wife of more than 40 years, Maryellen, we both worked in the Buena Vista community. Maryellen was a secretary at First National Exchange Bank, and I painted school buses at the Bluebird Factory. We will never forget our experiences there. The city has also endured several horrific flooding events over the years. Working with its partners, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the United States Army Corps of Engineers, Buena Vista implemented the James R. Olin Flood Control Project, and it was my pleasure to lend a hand in that effort. Through it all, the city of Buena Vista has remained steadfast for 125 years. I am proud to represent Buena Vista. I congratulate the city and its people on this milestone, and I wish them great prosperity for the future. 
HONORING THE 377TH AIR BASE WING, AIR FORCE GLOBAL STRIKE COMMAND, KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the 377th Air Base Wing, Air Force Global Strike Command, Kirtland Airforce Base, for earning the 2016 Air Force Outstanding Unit Award. The award recognizes the exceptional service of the 377th Air Base Wing from January 1, 2016, to December 31, 2016. The 377th Air Base Wing accomplished a number of achievements during 2016. The air base wing provided comprehensive combat preparedness and superior installation support to 22,000 airmen and more than 110 mission partners. The airmen executed 71 ground missions, moving 765 assets and ensuring global strategic deterrence. The air base wing made progress to mitigate a 40yearold environmental calamity by installing the first extraction well in December of 2016. The temporary treatment system was implemented in June 2016 and treated 17 million gallons of contaminated water, removed nearly seven grams of ethylene dibromide (EDB), and protected 36.7 million gallons of water. The permanent treatment system has treated 235.5 million gallons of water and removed 69.1 grams EDB as of July 31, 2017. The air base wing also developed a 25year strategic roadmap that included $110 million in upgrades to the Kirtland Underground Munitions Maintenance and Storage Complex that houses the Department of Defense’s largest stockpile of Protection Level One assets. In addition, the air base wing expanded its tribal relations program. Air base leaders worked in collaboration with state Native American tribes to create a Memorandum of Understanding which protects tribal cultures by allowing tribes to request that the military air crews avoid lowlevel flights above sacred areas or religious events. The air base wing was active in assisting local fire departments fight the Dog Head Fire that burned 17,000 acres of land and threatened four communities. With Kirtland Air Force Base’s help, they saved approximately 37,000 homes. Last, in celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Kirtland Air Force Base, the air base wing hosted an air show for the first time in five years to commemorate the occasion. The air show was hosted in coordination with more than 20 organizations, 1,200 volunteers, and more than 50,000 spectators in the audience. Additionally, service members visited elementary schools to discuss the air base wing’s history and the military’s commitment to the country and local surrounding community of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Those are only a few of the achievements that prove the excellence of the 377th Air Base Wing. I am confident that the achievements of the 377th Air Base Wing will be a lasting positive impact in our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2017 JOHNSTON HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Johnston High School Baseball team for winning for the Iowa 4A High School State Baseball Tournament. 
I would like to congratulate each member of the team including Nathan Buckallew, Nathan Blanchard, Jackson Vines, Jack Dreyer, Derek Friestad, Andrew Nord, Adam Stiles, Noah Hogge, Derek Hackman, Caleb Kuennen, Keaton Duckett, Noah Janssen, Jacob Tobey, Peter Johnson, Drew Beazley, Brock Studer, Nick Yeast, Cade Moss, Andrew Zimmerman, Sean Meyer, Peyton Williams, Alex MacGregor, Jack Burger, and Evan Salmon; their head coach Michael Barta; the assistant coaches Tom Steffes, Quinn O’Brien, Jake Ernd, Adam Richman, James Stone, and Mitch Gearhart; and the student managers Cole Borwick and Nathan Olive. Mr. Speaker, the example set by these students and their coaches demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating these young men for their achievements in this rigorous competition and wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mi Suen˜o Winery and owners Rolando Herrera and Lorena Robledo Herrera upon the occasion of their twentieth Anniversary of producing excellent wines. Rolando Herrera and Lorena Robledo were both born in Mexico. Their families immigrated to the Napa Valley to seek better lives and opportunities for their children. Lorena’s family taught her to tend vines and grow grapes, and Rolando was able to study enology and viticulture at UC Davis. When the couple met, ‘‘it seemed like fate.’’ Rolando and Lorena founded Mi Suen ˜o Winery in 1997, the same year that they were married. Together they have built their dream winery with love, passion and deep understanding of the art of growing exceptional grapes and creating awardwinning wines. As Rolando says, ‘‘farming and making wine is not science, it’s experience.’’ Rolando and Lorena believe that creating truly unique wines requires careful attention to every stage of the winemaking process, from start to finish. From choosing the right plot of earth, to personally planting the vineyards and selecting the most attentive distributors, Rolando and Lorena have created a truly exceptional business and product. The White House recognized the quality of their wines by pouring three different Mi Suen˜o wines at state dinners. Earlier this year, the Smithsonian Institution honored them at their Fifth Annual Winemakers’ Dinner. This month Rolando, Lorena and all their children will gather to celebrate their twentieth Anniversary. Rolando and Lorena have developed different singlevineyard, barrelselected wines named after each of their six children. Their brave story of immigration, incredible hard work and passion is a perfect example of what it means to live the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, Mi Suen˜o Winery has been producing quality wine for the past 20 years. I am proud to have such a hardworking family living in our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. f 
H.R. 339, THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS ECONOMIC EXPANSION ACT 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for understanding that my bill, H.R. 339, as amended by the Senate, was time critical and for acting swiftly upon this measure on Friday, August 11. H.R. 339, the Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act, was intended to provide onetime relief to the economic disruption that occurred in my district, when a surge of Chinese construction workers used up one third of the available Commonwealthonly Transitional Worker permits for fiscal year 2017. This left many of our local businesses, small and large, in the lurch. These businesses have foreign workers on their staff, who know the business and upon whom employers rely, for whom fiscal year 2017 permits became unavailable as a result of the Chinese surge. There is an annual limit on the number of these Commonwealthonly Transitional Worker, or CW–1, permits, which are specific and unique to the Marianas. For fiscal 2017, 12,998 were available. H.R. 339 provides 350 more to help out the businesses caught in this bind. Had the Senate acted more quickly and had the Senate not decided to reduce the number of additional permits to 350, more local businesses could have been assisted. But the legislative process is collaborative and deliberative; and I respect that. I can say that there are 306 permits that were scheduled to expire in August and September. So by providing an additional 350 permits, H.R. 339, as amended, matches up against that remaining need. I also note that the Senate amendment takes the current permit system in a new direction by designating that at least 60 of the additional permits for fiscal 2017 must be used for workers in healthcare and at least 10 for power plant operators. These occupational categories are critical to public health and safety. It well may be that in the future any foreign worker permits, specific to the Marianas, will also have to begin to be prioritized to ensure that the most value is added to the Marianas economy by the permitted workers. Although H.R. 339 provides onetime relief to an immediate shortage of permits, there is further intent. The bill contains two provisions that will make the problem we are fixing now less likely to recur in future. First, and most importantly, the bill increases the fee that employers pay, as part of the permit process, that goes to training U.S. workers to fill the jobs currently held by foreign workers in the Marianas. Had the Marianas been less dependent on foreign workers, this year’s crisis would have been proportionally less intense. So, we must continue to focus on adding U.S. workers to the economy. The fee increase is from $150 per annual permit to $200. And the increase is permanent. It does not apply solely to fiscal 2017, as is the case with the extra permits. It is the intention of the legislation that the fee increase apply to petitions filed on or after the date of enactment, not to petitions previously filed. Since the beginning of the transitional worker program, these fees have provided about $10 million to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands government and been distributed to educational institutions. Over the same period of time, about 1,200 U.S. workers have been added to the local labor force. I understand from testimony of the Government Accountability Office to the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee in April of this year, that some $3 million of the collected fees remain unused. Effective and prompt use of the U.S. worker training funds are goals I believe should be part of the consideration for future legislation. I introduced in the 113th Congress, H.R. 2200, a bill that would have required the Commonwealth provide to the Secretary of Homeland Security a plan for the expenditure of these funds with a specific, numerical goal for job placement of U.S. workers. My legislation also required a biennial report by the Comptroller General on whether this goal had been met. That legislation did not make it to the finish line here in Congress; however, along with the allocation of permits for specific, highvalue occupations, setting performance goals for the U.S. worker training fund is a policy I believe should be a part of our future considerations. The second provision intended to prevent a recurrence of the current crisis bars the use of the CW–1 permit for new workers in construction occupations. Existing construction companies with foreign workers, who have been in their employ prior to fiscal year 2016, will be able to continue renewing the CW–1 permits of those specific individual workers. There are between 1,000 and 1,500 such individuals, I understand. Approval for a CW–1 permit for an individual in a construction occupation may not be granted, if the individual was not previously approved for a CW–1 permit before October 1, 2015. And no approvals for initial grant of CW–1 status to individuals in construction occupations, as defined in H.R. 339, may be issued, regardless of whether the employer previously petitioned for an employee in such occupation or whether that petition had been approved. This provision, too, is to be continuously effective beyond fiscal year 2017. To avoid unnecessary economic disruption, implementation of the provision barring use of CW–1 permits for construction occupations is intended to apply to pending petitions and to petitions filed on or after the date of enactment. This division created by H.R. 339 between legacy and new workers will allow our existing construction companies to continue meeting the demand for housing and other buildings that still remains because of the destruction caused by Typhoon Soudelor in 2015 and, also, results from the overall improvement in the Marianas economy. Enactment of H.R. 339 does not mean, however, that the Marianas economy will not have access to construction workers to supplement the local labor force. New hires for construction of developments such as the hotels and resorts now on the drawing boards in the Marianas will be—preferably—local, U.S. workers. Alternatively, however, these developments may use visa categories other than 
the CW–1 to supply foreign workers. In U.S. Public Law 113–235 Congress provided the Marianas with access to an unlimited number of H–2B visas, which are specifically intended to address any temporary need for workers, such as occurs when a new hotel is built. In fact, in order to be eligible to apply for the CW–1 permit, applicant businesses must attest that no other visa category is available. In light of the unlimited number of H–2B visas available and because the current problem stems from the use of CW–1 permits for temporary construction workers, I have on numerous occasions requested that U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services confirm that these attestations are accurate. Enactment of H.R. 339 makes matters simpler: construction occupations are no longer eligible for CW–1 permits with the exception of renewals of permits first issued prior to fiscal 2016. Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity to provide this statement of legislative intent today to the record on H.R. 339. And thanks, again, to all my colleagues who made it possible to move forward with the Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Campos of Des Moines, Iowa, for being inducted into the 2017 Class of the Iowa Latino Hall of Fame. The enduring qualities of Iowa Latino Hall of Fame Inductees include: significant contributions to their respective field of work, impactful changes in the social, cultural, economic or political wellbeing of the community, and inspiring others through their efforts. Mary is the embodiment of these qualities. She has dedicated her life to uplifting others and making sure they have the same opportunities she has had to make an impact on her community. She was also the first Latina to be appointed to the Iowa Commission on the Status of Women. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent leaders like Mary in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today for receiving this esteemed designation. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on receiving this award, and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, the day of July 27, 2017, I am wrongly recorded on the Cartwright Amendment No. 43 to H.R. 3219. I intended to oppose this amendment. HONORING SHERIFF STEVE FREITAS HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Sheriff Steve Freitas upon the occasion of his retirement from the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Office. Sheriff Freitas has dedicated 32 years to serving our community in law enforcement. A native of San Jose, California, Sheriff Freitas moved to Sonoma County in 1988. He attended DeAnza Community College and graduated from San Jose State University with a degree in Administration Justice. He and his wife, Michelle have two sons, Michael and Zachary. Sheriff Freitas began his career in 1985 with the Santa Clara County Sheriff’s Office. In 1988, He joined the Novato Police Department. He joined the Sonoma County Sheriff’s office in 1991 where he worked in several different assignments, including Detention, Courts, Patrol, Investigations and Administration. The City of Windsor selected him to be Chief of Police in 2005. The people of Sonoma County elected and reelected Sheriff Freitas in 2010 and 2014. While serving as Sheriff, he created the Latino Advisory Committee to ensure quality communication and closer relationships with the Latino Community. He successfully guided the Office through necessary budget cuts during the recession. His hard work with Sonoma County’s new law enforcement oversight agency is admirable. Sheriff Freitas will be remembered for leading the Sheriff’s office to maintain the safety and security of the people of Sonoma County. In addition to his service in law enforcement, Sheriff Freitas serves on the Boys and Girls Club of Marin and Southern Sonoma County’s Leadership Council. He is a member of the Verity advisory board, the California Parenting Institute executive board and the Sonoma County Alliance. Sheriff Freitas supports the Future Farmers of America and 4–H students at the Sonoma County Fair. He is an active Member of his church, a longtime fan of the San Jose Sharks and an avid camper. He is a valuable member of our community. Mr. Speaker, Sheriff Freitas has led a long and distinguished career serving the people of Sonoma County. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Illa Plasencia of West Des Moines, Iowa for being inducted into the 2017 Class of the Iowa Latino Hall of Fame. The enduring qualities of Iowa Latino Hall of Fame Inductees include: significant contributions to their respective field of work, impactful changes in the social, cultural, economic or political wellbeing of the community, and inspiring others through their efforts. Illa is the embodiment of these qualities. She has dedicated her life to uplifting others and making sure they have the same opportunities she has had to make an impact on her community. Illa served on the first Iowa Commission of Latino Affairs, the Iowa Civil Rights Commission, Iowa Commission on the Status of Women and many more. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent leaders like Illa in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today for receiving this esteemed designation. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on receiving this award, and in wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHIEF JOSEPH DALY OF THE SPRINGFIELD TOWNSHIP POLICE DEPARTMENT IN DELAWARE COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Chief Joseph Daly of the Springfield Township Police Department in Delaware County, PA. Chief Daly has honorably served his country and the public his entire adult life. He is a veteran of the United States Marine Corps, served two tours of duty in Vietnam, and then began a fortyplus year law enforcement career. In 2009, Chief Daly became Springfield Township’s Chief of Police following his stint as Chief of Police for Lower Merion Township. The Delaware County Chamber of Commerce has rightly honored Chief Daly with their Hometown Hero award. He works tirelessly to ensure the safety of Delaware County residents and has earned the respect of his colleagues and the public they serve. Under his leadership the Springfield Police Department received accreditation by the Pennsylvania Chiefs’ of Police Association, a first for a Delaware County police department. I commend Chief Daly for his passion and dedication to law enforcement in our community and I join the Delaware County Chamber of Commerce in calling him a Hometown Hero. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Katherine Augustine’s lifetime of achievements that have touched countless New Mexicans through her work as a nurse and advocate for Native American health. Fittingly, Katherine chronicled her amazing experiences in an autobiography that contributes to the history of New Mexico. 
Katherine was born on September 30, 1929 in the Pueblo of Laguna. She went to Albuquerque Indian High School and attended Sage Memorial Hospital School of Nursing in neighboring state, Arizona. In 1951, she moved to California and started a family. She later moved back to New Mexico. Katherine started her career at the Presbyterian Hospital Center, where she worked for 29 years. After retiring, she continued to work at the Indian Health Service at Acoma Can˜oncitoLaguna Hospital in San Fidel and the Albuquerque Indian Hospital. She also worked at the Albuquerque Tribune and the Roundhouse newspaper. During the past 22 years, Katherine has volunteered her time with numerous organizations, helping neighbors and friends throughout the community. She was on the Committee of the Ancient Living Village, VicePresident of the Laguna Colony of Albuquerque, served on the Council of Elders at the New Mexico Geriatric Education Center, and was a member of the Environmental Health Community Advisory Committee. She traveled around the world to promote her favorite projects—Friendship Force of New Mexico and Sister Cities of Albuquerque. I wish Katherine all the best with her future endeavors. Her work has and will continue to influence those in her community. Thank you and congratulations, Katherine. 
TRIBUTE TO SENIOR AIRMAN LACEY K. MILLER, THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AIRMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, Senior Airman Lacey Miller’s recognition stems from her dedication to her country. Airman Miller bravely enlisted into the United States Air Force Reserves in February 2012. While she was in the reserves, she was attending Materiel Management School. Upon completion of technical training, she was assigned to the 911th Airlift Wing in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania. She was then assigned to the Logistics Readiness Squadron supporting the C–130 Hercules aircraft mission set. After a year of serving the squadron, she transitioned to her current position in the Florida National Guard as a Materiel Management Journeyman assigned to the 290th Joint Communications Support Squadron at MacDill Air Force Base. Airman Miller has deployed in support of Operation Freedom Sentinel where she was assigned as a logistics liaison for nine forward operating bases in Afghanistan areas of responsibility, directly supporting Special Operations Forces in combat operations. Airman Miller can be described as a leader—considerate, courageous, and compassionate. At a young age, Lacey took part in helping her community, as a volunteer at a Young Life Group where she mentored troubled youth. She also cares profoundly for her planet and traveled to Sweden to promote ecofriendly farming. In the fall, Senior Airman Miller will be attending the University of Florida pursuing a bachelor’s degree in forestry. Airman Lacey Miller is a phenomenal example of service and sacrifice. She is truly deserving of the recognition that the United States Air Force has bestowed on her as Airman of the Year and we thank her for her service to our great nation. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Henry Vargas of Davenport, Iowa for being inducted into the 2017 Class of the Iowa Latino Hall of Fame. The enduring qualities of Iowa Latino Hall of Fame Inductees include: significant contributions to their respective field of work, impactful changes in the social, cultural, economic or political wellbeing of the community, and inspiring others through their efforts. Henry is the embodiment of these qualities. He has dedicated his life to uplifting others and making sure they have the same opportunities he has had to make an impact on his community. Henry is the founder of the Davenport Civil Rights Commission that is now called the Iowa Commission of Latino Affairs and the Office of Latino Affairs. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent leaders like Henry in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today for receiving this esteemed designation. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on receiving this award, and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF UPPER MERION SENIOR SERVICE CENTER ON THEIR 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the Upper Merion Senior Service Center of King of Prussia, PA for its twentieth anniversary. Caring for our senior citizens is a challenging yet immensely rewarding experience to which those at UMSSC have dedicated their lives. The Center enables seniors in the Seventh District to live life to the fullest. They facilitate activities that allow seniors to engage in physical, educational, and recreational activities. This social environment and steadfast care helps seniors enjoy theft retirement and stay healthy. I hope UMSSC continues to provide their services for many years to come. The senior citizens of our district deserve the best care we can provide and UMSSC is a treasured place that does just that. I congratulate UMSSC for their twenty years of service to our community and I wish them well in their efforts to provide top quality care for Philadelphia area seniors. TRIBUTE TO CHRIS TEACHOUT HON. DAVID YOUNG 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Chris Teachout of Shenandoah, Iowa for receiving the 2017 Iowa Conservation Farmer of the Year Award. The award is sponsored by the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship and the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation. Chris is a 5th generation Iowa farmer. Chris received this award for his use of cover crops on his farm. The cover crop practice is a popular conservation technique which reduces erosion and improves soil and water quality. Chris is always willing to learn something new and has a proven track record of experimenting with different ideas to continuously improve the soil and water on his farm. Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey said, ‘‘Iowa farmers continue to take on the challenge of better protecting their soil and improving water quality. This award is an opportunity to highlight and recognize a farmer that has gone above and beyond in their conservation efforts and serves as a model of land stewardship.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Chris for earning this award. He is a shining example of how hard work and dedication can have a positive impact on the land. It is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF BARBARA JONES, CONSUL GENERAL OF IRELAND 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Consul General of Ireland Barbara Jones. Barbara has a long history of service to the Irish people. Her career as an Irish diplomat began in 1983 after receiving a graduate degree in education from University College, Dublin as well as a graduate degree in computer science from the National Institute of Higher Education at the University of Limerick. Her posting as Consul General for the New York Consulate of Ireland concludes this month after three years of promoting Irish American relations. I also thank the Irish Immigration Center of Philadelphia for working closely with Barbara during her tenure to ensure a positive and productive relationship between Ireland and the Philadelphia region. IrishAmerican relations have never been stronger. This bond is due in no small part to Barbara’s tireless efforts to foster meaningful connections between U.S. localities and Ireland. I hope she leaves the United States with fond memories, as I know she leaves her many friends and colleagues with their own fond memories of Barbara. I wish her well as she returns home and moves on to her next venture. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pauline Jones on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Pauline’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Pauline has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twentythree Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Pauline in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Pauline on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
The Senate met at 4:30:06 p.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 4:30:39 p.m. until 10 a.m., on Friday, August 18, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 3653–3655; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 77 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1257, a bill to amend the Securities Exchange Commission to refund or credit excess payments made to the Commission, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–275) and, H.R. 1558, a bill to amend the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to ensure community accountability for areas repetitively damaged by floods, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–276).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Burgess to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Chaplain: The Prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Monsignor Stephen Rossetti, Catholic University of America, Washington, DC.
            Page H6605 Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 9:32 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Friday, August 18 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, August 18 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. 
HOUSE Beutler, Jaime Herrera, Wash., E1133 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1131 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1131, E1133 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1133, E1134, E1134 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E1134 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E1132 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1132, E1133 Young, David, Iowa, E1131, E1131, E1133, E1133, E1134, E1134, E1135 