Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise once again in strong opposition to H.R. 1628, which is a bill to take away health care from 24 million Americans. Whether you believe it or not, health care is a basic right. This shameful bill steals from the most vulnerable among us, including seniors, veterans, people living with HIV, children, and the disabled. And this new bill is even more dangerous and destructive than when they brought it to the Floor last time. It would, yes, rip away health care from 24 million people. It would reduce benefits, make families pay more for less, and transfer $600 billion in tax cuts to the very wealthy. This is outrageous. Access to women’s health is denied by defunding Planned Parenthood. Medicaid, as we know it, will end. Healthcare costs for working families and seniors will skyrocket. It allows states to eliminate essential health benefits like maternity care, cancer screenings, and emergency care. Mr. Speaker, this is not a health bill at all. This is a massive tax giveaway to the wealthy. Let me tell you, as a woman of faith, I am appalled and I am saddened by the hypocrisy displayed in this bill by people who say they are religious. I want to remind you—in the Scriptures, the Book of Mark, chapter 12:31, we are reminded to love your neighbor as yourself. I hope Republicans remember to love their neighbor as themselves today and vote ‘‘no’’ on this meanspirited and evil bill. Let’s defeat this harmful and morally bankrupt bill. This is a matter of life and death, and the American people deserve better. 
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for the American Health Care Act. As I have said from the beginning, when it comes to the Affordable Care Act, we should keep what works and change what doesn’t. I urge support for the AHCA because it does just that. The AHCA stops the Washington, DC, one sizefitsall approach to healthcare and puts choice and freedom back in the hands of states, counties, families, and individuals. With the AHCA’s monumental strides in reforming Medicaid to ensure its solvency for our most vulnerable citizens and repealing burdensome taxes on the middle class, it is a win across the board for all Americans, but specifically Upstate New Yorkers. Upstate New York residents will see additional benefits due to an amendment which Congressman COLLINS and I have included in the bill. This language is one of the greatest pieces of state mandate relief that New Yorkers have ever seen. By normalizing the fashion in which New York State funds Medicaid, those in my district alone will see more than $224 million in tax relief every year. The fact is that New York funds its Medicaid program by imposing a portion of the state’s funding responsibility on the counties. Home ownership is burdened by lower property values due to high taxes. This also lessens business competitiveness in areas like Upstate NY. The extent to which New York burdens its counties is unlike any other: of the approximately $9.5 billion in Medicaid costs shouldered by localities nationwide, New York localities account for more than $7 billion of the total. Albany mandates ensure that New York spends more on Medicaid than Texas and Florida combined. This is simply unsustainable. The people of Upstate New York demand relief: relief from burdensome Albany mandates; relief from rising property taxes; relief from Washingtoncontrolled, bureaucratic healthcare; relief from ACAimposed, middle class healthcare taxes. For these reasons, I support the AHCA and urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 88 veterans from West Texas who will be visiting Washington, D.C. this week, sponsored by the Permian Basin Honor Flight. On behalf of a grateful state and nation, we welcome these heroes to the nation’s capital. The veterans on this Honor Flight are Clint Adams, Larry Allen, Robert Barbee, William Bourbon, Johnny Bragg, Patrido Brijalba, James Brooks, Randall Brooks, Jack Brookshire, Norval Brown, Leo Carr, Garry Clark, Edmundo Cobos, Edward Comacho, Jose Contreras, Guadalupe Cruz, Marvin Crain, Michael Crain, Ernest Davis, MJ Dinkins, Richard Dolan, Jose Duarte, Michael Dyess, Rayburn Favre, Carlton Fite, Richard Foncannon, John Foreman, Richard Galloway, Bobby Gann, Jerry Giles, Gonzalo Guzman, Barry Handlin, Donald Hawke, John Hayes, Harry Hemmenway, Cary Holt, John Hood, Earl Jackson, Joe Jackson, Marvin Jennings, Albert Johnson, Thomas Johnston, Velton Jones, William Jones, James Langston, Robert Lathrop, Robert Love, Lee Maston, Mark Martin, Robert Martin, Walter Mason, Donald McSparran, Miguel Medina, Donald Merritt, Dory Miles, Kenneth Moore, Donnie Murray, Michael Norman, John Palmer, Jerry Partridge, Charles Pounds, Robert Patterson, Robert Price, Daniel Ramirez, Donald Ritchey, Joe Robledo, Jesus Rodriguez, Gary Roe, Monica Schwab, Dennis Sever, Larry Sisk, William Smartt, Larry Stowe, Oscar Taylor, Gustavo Tijerina, Bernaro Tucker, Joe Turner, Lewis VanZant, Sandra VanZant, Joe Villalva, Mark Webb, Donnie White, Eddy Willmon, Leo Wilson, Willie Woods. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to have the opportunity to meet these brave men and women who exemplify the best of our country. Their sacrifice and commitment to the duty to our nation can never be fully repaid, and I hope that when they visit our nation’s monuments in Washington, D.C., the gratitude and respect we have for them will truly be reflected. Colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and their families for their exemplary dedication and service to this great nation. I would also like to extend a special thank you to the local communities, all of the volunteers, and Ms. Teresa Galloway and Mr. John West for their extensive work in organizing this Honor Flight. This trip would not have been possible without all the financial and emotional support of the people who have put in so much hard work and personal time to make sure this trip could be possible. f 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lieutenant Colonel David Worley, who is retiring after fortytwo years of distinguished service with the United States Air Force. Born in Los Angeles in 1953, Dave grew up in Woodland Hills, California. An excellent student and astronomy enthusiast, he attended Serrania Avenue Elementary School, Parkman Jr. High and Taft High School. Dave met his future wife, Gayle, in Sunday School, and after their high school graduation, they attended Pierce College together. In 1975, Dave enlisted in the United States Air Force (USAF) and he and Gayle married shortly after his enlistment. Upon completion of his basic training, he was assigned to the Keesler Air Force Base in Biloxi, Mississippi for technical training. After finishing his technical training, he was assigned to Dover AFB for a one year assignment. He was reassigned back to Keesler AFB in Biloxi, where their children, Valerie and Bryan were born. Dave served as an Air Traffic Controller Manager for seven years, after which he received his commission. Upon completing training as an Air Battalion Manager, thenSecond Lieutenant Worley was stationed in Germany 
for eight years, where he served as a mobile Theater Air Control specialist and evaluator and was promoted to the subsequent ranks of First Lieutenant and Captain. In 1992, Captain Worley served as a Flight Commander at the Squadron Officer School at the Maxwell Air Force Base in Alabama and in 1994, he was stationed in Korea where he was promoted to Major and worked as Battle Director for airspace control. In 1995, Major Worley returned to the Squadron Officer School as Chief of Plans and Programs, then attended college in Virginia, and after college, began a three year tour at the U.S. Central Command Headquarters in Tampa, Florida. While in Florida, he served as the Chief of the Theater Air and Missile Defense Branch as Executive Officer to the Director of Operations, where he received the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. In 2000, Lt. Col. Worley returned once again to Alabama as Commander of the 30th Student Squadron Officers School, where he commanded hundreds of USAF officers, international officers and U.S. Department of Defense civilian personnel as an airpower and leadership education scholar, before his retirement in 2002. In 2003, Dave became a Senior Aerospace Science instructor at Crescenta Valley High School in La Crescenta, California. Lt. Col. Worley was responsible for administering the Air Force Junior Officer Training Corps (AFJROTC) program, a citizenshipbased program for nearly 100 high school student ‘‘cadets,’’ who are expanding their aerospace science and leadership education to become better leaders and citizens. During his illustrious career in the United States Air Force, Lt. Col. Worley has received several decorations including the Joint Service Commendation Medal, five Meritorious Service Medals, a Defense Meritorious Service Medal, and two USAF Commendation Medals, and was honored in 2007 and in 2008 with the AFJROTC outstanding instructor award, which is presented annually to the top twenty percent of all AFJROTC instructors worldwide. I ask all Members of Congress to join me in thanking Lt. Col. Worley for his many years of dedicated service to our country, the AFJROTC students at Crescenta Valley High School, and the greater foothills community. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Johnstown Rotary Club’s 100th Anniversary. Since its founding in May 1917, the Johnstown Rotary Club has aided many community organizations such as scouting, child relief agencies, arts and theater organizations, police and fire departments and health and service organizations. It has also sponsored Interact Clubs at local high schools and awarded scholarships to outstanding high school students. In addition to providing dictionaries to every third grader in the Johnstown area, Johnstown Rotarians are also involved in various literacy initiatives such as the One Book, One Community Program. The Johnstown Rotary Club has also been actively involved in international service initiatives such as supporting clean water projects in developing nations. They have been very involved in hosting high school exchange students from numerous countries including Spain, France, Slovakia, Turkey, Venezuela, Mexico, Ecuador, Argentina, Bolivia, the Dominican Republic and Japan. Since 1968, when Rotary International first took on the challenge of eradicating polio, the Johnstown Rotary Club has participated in various projects, which helped to bring the number of countries experiencing the polio endemic from 122 down to two. I thank the Johnstown Rotarians for their dedication to improving both the Johnstown community and the international community through their commitment to supporting education, providing clean water, promoting peace, saving mothers and children, growing local economies and fighting disease. Congratulations to the Rotary Club of Johnstown on its 100th Anniversary. f 
IN HONOR OF THE COMMEMORATION OF THE GREAT FALLS LIBRARY COMMUNITY ROOM 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the commemoration of the Great Falls Library Community Room in honor of Marge Gersic and also to recognize her tremendous contributions to not only the Great Falls Community Library, but the entire 10th District of Virginia over the course of her 20 years of public service. Growing up as the child of two German immigrants in Queens, New York, Ms. Gersic often found herself in her local library, reading books written in English. There she not only gained an appreciation for books, but she also learned about the impact libraries can have on a community. Ms. Gersic began her work in the Great Falls community after moving to the area in 1971 with her husband and then newborn son. As both a member of the Library Board and as President of the Great Falls Citizens Association, she was instrumental in placing a library in Great Falls and also in preserving it throughout the years. In both 1989 and 1996, as a skilled and dedicated public organizer, Ms. Gersic led community movements to keep the Great Falls minilibrary open amidst budget cuts that would have eliminated numerous minilibraries across Fairfax County. By organizing drives, collecting signatures, and leading these movements, she was able to keep the local minilibrary open. In fact, during the 1996 budget cuts, four minilibraries across Fairfax closed, but due to her initiatives the Great Falls library remained open. In addition to her efforts to preserve the library throughout the years, as a member of the Fairfax County Library Board, Gersic was also integral in the funding and the eventual expansion of the library to its current location, which opened in October of 2000. Honoring the life of Ms. Gersic with a room in the library, which she worked so hard to maintain and expand is only fitting, and I am thankful for the Great Falls Citizens Association’s dedication to preserving her legacy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Marge Gersic and the commemoration of the Great Falls Library Community Room, which will serve as a permanent reminder of all her contributions to both the library and the community at large. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE & LEGACY OF FATHER JOHN K. RING 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the life and legacy of a dear friend and beloved pillar of the San Francisco community, Father John Ring, who served for 25 years as Pastor of St. Vincent de Paul Church. Born and raised in San Francisco, Father Ring’s leadership and compassion were invaluable to our parish and our community, in times of joy and sorrow alike. In the suffering of the Loma Prieta earthquake, Father Ring bound up the wounds of our community, consoling and encouraging us, tending his flock. During his entire Pastorate, we saw the creation of a mass for young adults, a group of Home Visitors to care for the sick and homebound in the parish and beyond, and for the first time girls were allowed to be altar servers. He also poured himself into the service of the parish’s children, and the strength of the St. Vincent de Paul school will be an enduring part of Father Ring’s rich legacy. My husband Paul, my family and I were deeply saddened to hear of Father Ring’s passing. Our family has been parishioners at St. Vincent de Paul for generations, since Paul’s parents John and Corinne Pelosi became parishioners in the 1930s. We count ourselves deeply blessed to have known Father Ring, and it was a special privilege to join in celebrating the Golden Jubilee of his priestly service in 2011. He will remain an inspiration to our family. Father Ring once said that Christ’s farewell to his disciples was one of his favorite parts of Scripture. In the Gospel according to John, Jesus says, ‘‘Peace I leave with you; My peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Do not let your heart be troubled, nor let it be fearful.’’ Truly, Father Ring was an instrument of God’s peace. The families of Father Ring’s parish were blessed with a Pastor who strengthened their church and school, built community, and inspired their love for service and their love for God. May it bring comfort to all those who loved and admired Father Ring that so many join in remembering this extraordinary man and the blessing he was to our community. 
CELEBRATING ANGEL DEL VILLAR FOUNDER AND CEO OF DEL RECORDS 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to salute Angel Del Villar on his service as 
founder and CEO of DEL Records, a flourishing music company located in Bell Gardens, California, in my 40th Congressional District. Since his launch of DEL Records in 2008, Angel has built the label into a place where young and independent Regional Mexican artists can develop their talents and find success. Angel’s passion for music, his business acumen, and his civic and philanthropic efforts have built DEL Records into a vibrant, thriving part of the local community. DEL Records exists because of Angel’s vision: he knew that the entertainment industry was full of talented artists who were not signed to a label and were not receiving the support they needed in order to build a career. When he began DEL Records, Angel spent time searching YouTube for young musicians. In the years since, his hard work has paid off: today, the label boasts a broad slate of major artists. Musicians like Gerardo Ortiz, Luis Coronel, Chiquis, Jose Manuel Lopez, and the late Ariel Camacho are just a few of those who have been a part of the DEL Records family. Angel has used his success at DEL Records as a driving force to create positive change in the community. He has been tireless in giving back time, effort, and resources to help his neighbors. Angel and DEL Records work to lift up the less fortunate, and to give individuals of all ages the opportunity to thrive and excel. As we work to build communities that protect the vulnerable and support those in need, the good works of civicminded community leaders like Angel are invaluable to that endeavor. With the help of his sister Maria, and guided always by the inspirational example of his parents Jose Angel and Frances, Angel Del Villar has made DEL Records a key Southeast LA County business and a vital voice in the Regional Mexican music scene. I commend Angel and his team at DEL Records for their achievements in music and contributions to the community, and wish them all the best for the future. 
IN RECOGNITION OF ORCHARDS CHILDRENS’ SERVICES ON ITS 55TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Orchards Childrens’ Services as it celebrates its 55th anniversary. Orchards provides critical adoption, foster parenting and family preservation services throughout southeast Michigan. Founded in 1962 by the Greater Detroit Section of the National Council of Jewish Women, Orchards Children’s Services provides comprehensive services and supports to vulnerable children in the southeast Michigan community. The organization recruits, trains and licenses foster parents to provide care for children in need of these services. Additionally, Orchards facilitates adoptions and runs several Post Adoption Resource Centers to ensure that these children and their adoptive families receive the support and resources to help make the transition a success. The organization also maintains a scholarship fund to help Orchards foster children afford a college education. Orchards’ Promise Scholarships provide critical financial support to help these children achieve success in college, and every child who receives an Orchard Promise scholarship has achieved at least a 3.0 GPA at a Michigan University. Orchards Children’s Services has played a key role in providing resources and support to vulnerable children in the southeast Michigan community. Since the organization began its adoption program in 1986, it has helped place over 3,000 children with adoptive families. It also serves over 5,000 children through its family preservation programs, which provide assistance like household organization and other skills training to help stabilize families and keep them together. Collectively, these initiatives have helped empower children in need to reach their potential and provide them resources for success later in life, and I am confident that Orchards will continue its excellent work in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Orchards Childrens’ Services on their 55th anniversary for their work on behalf of Michigan’s children. Orchards’ programs have helped support vulnerable children in southeast Michigan. f 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, although present for the vote, due to an error, my vote was not properly recorded. Had it been recorded, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 257. 
HONORING THE KILGORE HIGH SCHOOL BULLDOGS, 2017 CLASS 4A STATE SOCCER CHAMPIONS 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is with enormous pride that I recognize and congratulate the Kilgore High School Bulldogs on achieving the title of 2017 Texas State Soccer Champions. This is the third straight appearance for the Bulldogs in the state soccer showdown, but this is Kilgore High School’s first state team title since 2004. Despite losing their team captain to injury during the state semifinals, the Bulldogs pulled together and made their way to the state final against the Bridgeport Bulls. After the end of grueling regulation play, the match was tied 2– 2, and went to penalty kicks. Two brilliant saves by keeper and championship MVP Kaleb Jett, on backtoback shots, brought the Bulldogs a hardearned 4–2 victory on penalties. Congratulations should be extended to team members Kaleb Jett, Yonatan Contreras, Jesus Gonzalez, Jovany Gonzalez, Noe Zavaleta, Raul Cedillo, Jamie Veloz, Elian Torres, Mateo Meraz, Brandon Espinoza, Daniel Sifford, Tucker Konczak, Jordi Contreras, Diego Huerta, Wayne McIntyre, Jose Gonzalez, David Garcia, Jose Arrendondo, Jackson Hatcher. This recognition of their accomplishment is extended to all of the athletic staff including Coaches: Austin Walker, Mark Roskos; Trainers/Managers: Head Trainer, Darrell ‘‘Red’’ Ganus; Student Trainer, Brandon Mayers; Manager, Carlos Godoy; Videographer, Josue Reyes. The staff and faculty who led and inspired the Bulldogs in pursuit of the state crown include Superintendent Cara Cooke; Principal Greg Brown; Athletic Director Michael Wood; Assistant Athletic Director Doug Duke. The faculty, staff and friends of Kilgore Independent School District and the entire community of Kilgore have devoted countless hours to support and encourage these outstanding young athletes in the pursuit of their dreams. It is my most esteemed honor to congratulate everyone involved with this endeavor. May God continue to bless these students, their families and friends, and all those individuals who call Kilgore, Texas their home. Congratulations to the 2017 Class 4A State Soccer Champions, the Kilgore Bulldogs, as their championship legacy is now recorded and will endure as long as there is a United States of America. f 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Israel Independence Celebration in my hometown of Huntington, West Virginia, that took place on Sunday, May 7. This event honoring the establishment of one of our nation’s greatest allies was made possible by the hard work of Jewish Charities of Huntington and Christ Temple Church of Huntington. I thank Linda Klein and Pastor Chuck Lawrence for their steadfast leadership as well. Just like West Virginia, Israel’s greatest strength is the resolve and resilience of its people. I witnessed firsthand the importance of the relationship between our two countries during my recent visit to Israel, where it was evident that the nation is under threat like never before. That is why I will continue to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its nuclear and ballistic missile programs so that it will never be able to obtain a nuclear weapon. I have also been a vocal supporter of placing stronger sanctions on Iran until it no longer financially supports terrorist groups that pose a threat to both Israel and the United States, and to providing aid and support to Israel to help it defend itself. Israel will always have a friend in the United States, and in me. I congratulate the citizens of Israel on 69 years of independence and look forward to many more years of friendship between our people. 
IN RECOGNITION OF TOYOTA MOTOR NORTH AMERICA ON THE DATE OF ITS SUPPLIER CENTER GRAND OPENING 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Toyota Motor North America on the date of the Toyota Supplier Center and Prototype Development Facility grand opening. Toyota Motor North America has been a strong partner to southeast Michigan by utilizing our state’s automotive expertise to help produce its next generation of automobiles. Originally established in July 1977, Toyota Motor North America’s Research and Development has contributed significantly to the leadership of southeast Michigan as a leader in automotive engineering, driving important breakthroughs in automotive design and safety. Toyota employs approximately 1,440 individuals in its Ann Arbor and York Township facilities whose work has critical input to many of Toyota’s most popular vehicles. These facilities collectively have contributed to the vehicle development of many of Toyota’s most popular vehicles, including the 2014 Tundra and 2015 Camry designs, and its advanced research and prototype development efforts continue to serve as a critical source of innovation for the company at large. Toyota Motor North America’s significant investment in expanding and upgrading its Ann Arbor and York Township engineering facilities underscores the importance of the groundbreaking research and development being done here. The expansion of the powertrain development facility in Ann Arbor Township, as well as further improvements to the York Township site, will allow a continuation of the successful partnership between Toyota and the State of Michigan. The talented and educated southeast Michigan workforce, combined with Toyota’s new facilities and additional resources, will help ensure that Michigan’s automotive industry remains a worldwide leader in the coming decades. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Toyota Motor North America and Mr. Toyoda during the grand opening of the Toyota Supplier Center and Prototype Development Facility expansion. This critical investment will leverage Michigan’s talented workforce to conduct cutting edge automotive research and development. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the grand opening of CenterFuse in Manassas, Virginia, an innovative business accelerator that will allow individuals, entrepreneurs, startup companies, and established firms to lease office space and conference rooms. This state of the art facility is equipped with brand new office and conference equipment, including smart televisions, fast wifi, and a fully functional kitchen. While offering some of the most modern technology, and yet at the same time being situated in Old Town Manassas, CenterFuse will provide the residents of Virginia’s 10th Congressional District with 24/ 7 access to a unique combination of advanced technology and a relaxed and familiar setting. The idea for CenterFuse was originally conceived by Gail and Bennet Whitlock, of Whitlock Financial, and Jacqueline and Ken Krick, of ECU Communications, who formed an LLC to purchase the Hyson Building in Manassas on the corner of Center Street and Main Street. The two firms have their own offices upstairs, but below, where the Fauquier Bank once stood, they built CenterFuse. To fund the construction of CenterFuse, they formed a publicprivate partnership with the City of Manassas, receiving a $200,000 grant from Manassas City leaders. The daytoday operations will be overseen by Historic Manassas, Inc. (HMI) and their Executive Director/ CEO, Debbie Haight, and under her leadership, HMI will manage the office’s front desk, organize classes and activities, and lead the recruiting efforts for new clients. In today’s competitive economy, many small companies and individuals require modern workspaces, yet often find it difficult to secure or maintain an office. CenterFuse will ameliorate this problem by offering a variety of options for businesses, ranging from yearlong leases for private offices to coworking day passes. This will enable these growing businesses or individuals to work in an environment that caters to their specific needs. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues join me in applauding the Grand Opening of CenterFuse. It is my hope that CenterFuse will help Virginia’s 10th Congressional District to continue to be a catalyst for new businesses to thrive. I am very thankful for the broad range of opportunities it will afford my constituents and I look forward to the positive impact it will have on individuals, entrepreneurs, businesses and our commonwealth as a whole. f 
IN HONOR OF MR. FREDERICK VAN HOOSE’S FORTY YEARS OF SERVICE 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Frederick Van Hoose, Executive Director of the Northwest Field Office of SourceAmerica, who is retiring after 40 years of service. Mr. Van Hoose grew up in the agricultural heartland of eastern Washington, where he learned at a young age the value of honest work. He also came to understand work as a social connection—an activity that, in bringing people together for a common purpose, validates our collective worth and impact on each other. After receiving his bachelor’s degree from Central Washington University and his MBA from City University of Seattle, Mr. Van Hoose built a career centered on the needs of persons living with disabilities. As an executive manager at Provident Industries in Yakima, Washington, and Northwest Center Industries in Seattle, he developed employment opportunities that increased the quality of life for hundreds of workers with disabilities. In March 1997, Mr. Van Hoose secured a position as an Operations Manager with National Industries for the Severely Handicapped—now SourceAmerica—a nonprofit agency that works through the provisions of the JavitsWagnerO’Day Act to facilitate meaningful employment for persons living with disabilities. Mr. Van Hoose has helped scores of nonprofit agencies build business systems to expand their capacity to compete for contracts, and he has worked with Federal procurement professionals to find contracting solutions that enhanced the double bottom line: quality services and products for a fair price, while supporting access to employment for persons living with disabilities. During his tenure with SourceAmerica, Mr. Van Hoose has served as a model of the selfless spirit and inspired leadership that has helped the program grow to employ many individuals living with the full range of disabling conditions, including many wounded warriors. Mr. Van Hoose’s dedication to enhancing the lives of Americans living with disabilities extends to his personal life, as he serves as guardian to a man living with a severe disability. For his years of dedicated service, it is appropriate to express our deep appreciation for Frederick Van Hoose’s long and exceptional career and his outstanding volunteer service, and to wish him well on his retirement. f 
Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor Niemann Foods as they celebrate one hundred years of business. In 1917, brothers Ferd Sr. and Steve Niemann achieved the American dream by opening their first grocery store, Niemann Brothers, in Quincy, Illinois. By providing quality produce, goods, and customer service, the Niemanns afforded the opportunity to expand their operations to thirty grocery stores by 1930. One decade later, the Neimann brothers opened Quincy’s first full service supermarket, Food Center, which was open seven days a week. Food Center became the heart of the town and was the beginning of the area’s modern shopping tradition. Today, Niemann Foods, an ESOP company, provides employment for over 5000 hardworking people spread throughout their retail banners, which include County Market, SaveALot, Ace Hardware, Pet Supplies Plus and Haymakers convenience stores. As the Niemann tradition continues to thrive, consumers can find their quality products and customer service at more than one hundred stores all across the Midwest. For one hundred years, Niemann Foods has given back to their community through hard work, generosity, and their commitment to helping others. Without a doubt, Niemann Foods is a staple of Illinois’ 18th District and I am proud to consider them our neighbors. Congratulations to Niemann Foods on a prosperous century and I wish them one hundred more years of success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF BYRON BUNKER FOR BEING NAMED A FINALIST FOR THE SAMUEL J. HEYMAN SERVICE TO AMERICA MEDAL 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Byron Bunker for being named a finalist for the Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medal. Mr. Bunker’s work as Director of Compliance Programs for the Environmental Protection Agency was key to uncovering Volkswagen Group’s automotive emissions evasion scheme and safeguarding public health. Since 1999, Mr. Bunker has worked for the EPA’s National Vehicle and Fuel Emissions Laboratory in Ann Arbor, Michigan, which conducts tests to certify that vehicles and engines meet the United States’ emissions and fuel economy standards. As Director of the NVFEL’s Compliance Division, Mr. Bunker tests automobiles and their components to ensure that they comply with clean air regulations. Working in conjunction with academic researchers and other federal officials, Mr. Bunker helped uncover and halt a scheme by Volkswagen to evade emissions standards through the use of software designed to intentionally fool regulators about the true emissions levels of its diesel vehicles. This discovery eventually resulted in the largest penalty ever levied against a car manufacturer and helped lay the foundation for additional criminal investigations. These have resulted in $4.3 billion in civil and criminal penalties, as well as indictments against Volkswagen executives. Mr. Bunker’s expertise and tireless efforts played a critical role in uncovering this wrongdoing and underscore the importance of the EPA’s enforcement efforts. As a result of Mr. Bunker’s work, the EPA was not only able to detect a sophisticated and widespread emissions evasion scheme, but also strengthen its testing procedures to prevent similar deceptions in the future. Through his rigorous work and collaboration with other officials in the EPA, Mr. Bunker has been an important driver of efforts to protect Americans’ health and the environment, and it is my hope that he continues to effectively safeguard public health and safety in the years ahead. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Byron Bunker for being named a finalist for the Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medal. Mr. Bunker’s rigorous enforcement work has been important in protecting public health and safety. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I honor my good friend, Neal DeAngelo, and congratulate him on being named the 2017 Distinguished Citizen of the Year by the Greater Hazleton Area Boy Scouts. With years of success with his family business, and his commitment to giving back to Hazleton and the broader community of Pennsylvania’s 11th district, it comes as no surprise to me that he has been chosen to receive this honor. Neal has been an instrumental figure in the Hazleton community. I can say with certainty that there are few people who have done as much for Hazleton as Neal. He has served on the boards of several nonprofit organizations, including the YMCA and United Way. He has also served as the President of the Professional Lawn Care Association of America, and is a founding member of the State Association, for which he also served as President. Neal has been a longtime supporter of Scouting in the Greater Hazleton Area. Through his generosity and commitment, Neal has helped make a positive difference in the lives of more than 500 young men throughout our community, providing them with an opportunity to participate in Scouting’s characterbuilding and leadership programs. Not only is Neal one of the most charitable people I know, he is also a wellrespected businessman. Neal cofounded DBI Services with his brother in 1978 and grew the company into an international diversified services enterprise, exceeding $250 million annually with a global network of over 50 locations and 1,800 employees. His hard work made it possible for his company to spur growth in and bring quality service to Hazleton, as well as the rest of the Commonwealth. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Neal for all he has contributed to the Hazleton community and once again congratulating him on being recognized as the Greater Hazleton Area Boy Scouts’ 2017 Distinguished Citizen of the Year. f 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Francis R. Ludovici, a beloved member of the Upper Southampton, Pennsylvania community who passed away on Saturday April 29, 2017. Mr. Ludovici—Frankie to his friends—was a Combat Engineer in the U.S. Army Reserve, a builder, a business owner, and a family man. When he wasn’t renovating and flipping houses, his passion, he was selling pinball machines and poker tables, a business he took over from his father before him. Frankie loved his community in Upper Southampton and they loved him back. His presence will be greatly missed but his contributions will be felt for generations to come. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the long career of public service provided by an outstanding educator in my region, Dr. Manuel Baca, who has served the students, staff, and faculty of Rio Hondo College with distinction for the past 32 years. Dr. Baca has been an invaluable resource to me and my staff, and will be truly missed at Rio Hondo College. Dr. Baca has served in many capacities as Professor of Political Science, Director, Dean, Vice President, and Interim Superintendent/President of Rio Hondo College. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of one of the largest community colleges in the Country, Mt. San Antonio College, and is the immediate past President of the California Community Colleges Board of Governors. I have been privileged to work with Dr. Baca in numerous areas that have improved educational opportunities for students and the needs of our region. We have worked together on expanding transit services to the student body and staff by offering free and reduced price transit passes and buying shuttle buses for enhanced connectivity, Dr. Baca has supported the growth of Rio Hondo College’s police, fire and first responder training programs that have benefited the greater Los Angeles Community by providing a welleducated workforce for our public safety agencies. I am particularly thankful for the work Dr. Baca has done to increase educational opportunities at Rio Hondo College for veterans. As a veteran of the United States Marine Corps, Dr. Baca understood the important role Rio Hondo College could play in helping post9/11 veterans and all veterans receive workforce training and other services to start new careers and assimilate into civilian life. In addition, Dr. Baca has assisted in organizing veteran student summits throughout the State of California. Our nation is grateful for Dr. Baca’s service as a Marine and his continued service to the men and women of our military. Dr. Baca has been a role model and leader in opening up opportunities for Latino/a students by advocating for legislation at the state and federal level to support HispanicServing Institutions. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Rio Hondo College Community and the many people he has impacted in the greater Los Angeles Region, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Manuel Baca on his retirement, and thanking him for his long career of public service to Rio Hondo College, the State of California and our nation. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE WOMEN’S CENTER OF SOUTHEASTERN MICHIGAN FOR ITS WORK ON BEHALF OF WOMEN IN NEED 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Women’s Center of Southeastern Michigan as the community gathers to celebrate all the good work it performs. The Women’s Center provides affordable counseling and health services to women in a caring environment. Originally established in 1977 as Soundings: A Center for Women, the organization changed its name to reflect the growing region 
it. The organization combined with several other serviceoriented groups over the years to better serve its constituency of women in need while continuing to offer lowcost, womenfriendly counseling and support services. Today, the Women’s Center, based out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, builds on this legacy, offering divorce support, job coaching, personal counseling, and other services through its staff of social workers, graduate interns and community volunteers. Collectively, these individuals help the Women’s Center provide direct services to approximately 500 individuals each year, as well as referral services to over 1,000 other individuals to access additional community resources. The assistance provided by the staff and volunteers of the Women’s Center provides professional services that build confidence, strengthen connections and create positive energy. Women find a network and gain access at a low affordable cost to therapists, job coaches, legal aid, divorce specialists, financial advisors and other important tools they need for support and success. The Women’s Center’s unique approach and comprehensive resources have empowered countless women to address issues in a confidential and specialized setting, and it is my hope that the Center continues to build on its legacy of success. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Women’s Center of Southeastern Michigan on its 17th annual Swing into Spring fundraiser. The Women’s Center offers important services and supports to women in need. 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL ROOFING CONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION AND NATIONAL ROOFING WEEK 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Roofing Contractors Association (NRCA) headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois, and its efforts to designate the week of June 4–10, 2017 as National Roofing Week. The roof is one of the most important components of any home or business. It is the first line of defense against natural elements, such as rain, snow or wind, and yet it is often taken for granted until it falls into disrepair. National Roofing Week honors the thousands of roofing contractors and roofingrelated businesses across the country and the industry’s commitment to public service. National Roofing Week is a valuable reminder of the significance quality roofing has on every home and business in the United States. Established in 1886, NRCA is one of the nation’s oldest trade associations and the voice of professional roofing contractors worldwide. Today, the NRCA has more than 3,800 members located across all 50 states and represents a variety of industry stakeholders, including roofing, roof deck, and water proofing contractors. Using its vast network of roofing contractors and industryrelated members, NRCA is responsible for the installation of a majority of new construction and replacement roof systems on commercial and residential structures in America. Most of its members are small, privatelyheld businesses that provide highpaying jobs for thousands of hard working families and individuals that are the backbone of our economy. Professional roofing contractors provide vital services to their communities, both on and off the clock, in all 50 states. NRCA members will recognize National Roofing Week on June 4– 10 by supporting numerous charitable community service roofing projects throughout the nation. I commend the NRCA and the vital role the organization and its members play in every community and I ask all my colleagues to join me in acknowledging their contributions during National Roofing Week. f 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today I reintroduce the Keep Our Pension Promises Act to reinstate the long standing federal law and principal that prohibited cuts to private pension benefits in plans for retirees. Pensions are one of the surest means to afford millions of middle class families’ security in retirement. They have allowed millions of Americans to enjoy their golden years without fear that they have not saved enough. For decades, pensions guaranteed our senior citizens the peace of mind that a check would arrive every month for as long as they live: this is true retirement security. But in December 2014, Congress uprooted this security for millions of retirees. At the last minute, in a must pass funding bill, Congress included the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act (MPRA) eviscerating this protection. With little understanding of what the provisions meant, Congress changed a forty year old pension law that ensured retirees were given the highest level of pensiondefense. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, allowed for pension benefits in multiemployer plans to be cut only when a plan runs out of money—and even then, the retiree benefits should face cuts last. This held true because it was the right thing to do. Pensions are not handouts, they are deferred wages earned over a lifetime of hard work. An estimated 1.5 million participants, including retirees, are in multiemployer pension plans that are in danger of running out of money in the near future. The passage of MPRA allowed for the first time, benefits of current retirees to be cut in an attempt to address the fiscal distress confronting some of these multiemployer plans. This was wrong then, and remains a blemish on the Congressional record that little action has been taken to correct the undue burden it placed on retirees. That’s why today I introduce the ‘‘Keep Our Pension Promises Act’’ with Senator BERNIE SANDERS of Vermont. This Act corrects the injustices bestowed upon our most vulnerable retirees by restoring anticutback rules so retirees in financially troubled multiemployer pension plans are protected from having their earned benefits cut. It will allow plans to partition off ‘‘orphaned’’ participants into a separate plan, giving participating employers relief from shouldering the full financial burden and risk of underfunded ‘‘orphaned’’ participants—ensuring the ability for plans to become financially secure once more. This bill recognizes funding is the ultimate concern. It shores up the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp and creates a legacy fund to ensure participants in partitioned plans will continue to receive the benefits they depend upon. The costs to create this fund are covered by closing tax loopholes the very wealthy use to avoid taxes on likekind exchanges and supersized IRA accounts that hold millions, despite laws that limit accounts to much smaller tax deductible amounts. Further the bill ensures pension obligations are prioritized during bankruptcies, which will help the remaining employers in the plan by making it less likely they become responsible for underfunded orphan plans. Over the past few years the retirees facing these cuts mobilized. They organized dozens of committees to spread the message of how damaging the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act has and will be to their lives and financial security. The Keep Our Pension Promises Act recognizes shared sacrifice is the appropriate course of action to save the golden years of retirement for these retirees. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure and correct the misguided action of passage of the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAYNE HOMCO FOR HER DISTINGUISHED CAREER AND WORK IN THE COMMUNITY 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jayne Homco for her outstanding achievements and career with Kroger Co. As president of Kroger’s Michigan division, Ms. Homco’s leadership and business expertise have helped make Kroger one of America’s premier companies. After graduating from Indiana University, Ms. Homco joined Kroger in 1978 and has served with the company in a variety of roles. She was named comanager of an Indianapolis store before she turned thirty, and has held management positions with five different divisions within the company across six states. Prior to being named president of Kroger Michigan, Ms. Homco served as vice president of merchandising for Kroger’s Southwest division, where she oversaw merchandising for over 200 Kroger supermarkets. In her current role, Ms. Homco leads a division of 16,000 Michigan employees across over 100 stores, which collectively account for billions of dollars in revenue each year. Ms. Homco’s pioneering career has helped her break down barriers for women in the workplace while providing outstanding leadership for Kroger Co. During her career, Ms. Homco became the first woman vice president at Kroger’s Dillion’s and QFC divisions. Additionally, she is active in the Michigan business community, serving as a board member of the 
Michigan Chamber of Commerce and Forgotten Harvest, a hunger relief organization in Metro Detroit. Ms. Homco’s ability to leverage her business experience and management skills on behalf of Michigan has helped make it a great place to live and work, and I have confidence that she will continue to lead in business and in the community in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Jayne Homco for her work with Kroger Co. and in the community. Ms. Homco has been an effective leader as President of Kroger’s Michigan Division while working on behalf of the southeast Michigan community. 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PAY EQUITY FOR ALL ACT OF 2017 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce the Pay Equity for All Act of 2017, a bill that will help eliminate the gender and racial pay gap by prohibiting employers from asking job applicants for their salary history before making a job or salary offer. Representatives ROSA DELAURO , JERROLD NADLER , and J ACKIE  SPEIER are original cosponsors of the bill. Even though many employers may not intentionally discriminate against applicants or employees based on gender, race or ethnicity, setting wages based on salary history can reinforce the wage gap. Members of historically disadvantaged groups often start out their careers with unfair and artificially low wages compared to their white male counterparts, and the disparities are compounded from job to job throughout their careers. Our bill will ensure that applicants’ salaries are based on their skills and merit, not on a potentially problematic salary history, by assessing penalties against employers who ask applicants for their salary history during the interview process or as a condition of employment. It would also provide job applicants and employees with a private right of action against employers who violate these provisions. Although the wage gap has decreased for some women, it still persists for women and men of color with similar skill sets. There is much work to be done to address the wage gap for everyone, and our bill is just one step toward that goal. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERVICE AND SELFLESS SACRIFICE OF STAFF SERGEANT MARK R. DE ALENCAR 
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is with both profound sadness and deep gratitude that I rise to pay tribute to a fallen decorated American hero. On April 8, 2017, Staff Sergeant Mark R. De Alencar, who was assigned to Bravo Company, 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, tragically succumbed to injuries received from small arms fire in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan. Staff Sgt. De Alencar was 37 years old, but lived a lifetime marked by and full of service. Born in a U.S. Army hospital in Nuremburg, Germany, Staff Sgt. De Alencar’s childhood followed his father’s military career. Graduating from Joppatowne High School, Joppa, Maryland, in 1998, he then worked odd jobs before becoming a carpenter. But it was in 2009, that he choose to follow in his father’s footsteps and joined the U.S. Army. After attending Basic Combat Training and Cannon Crewmember (13B) Advanced Individual Training (AIT) at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, Staff Sgt. De Alencar was assigned to Bravo Battery, 2nd Battalion, 11th Field Artillery Regiment, 2nd Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. After arrival, he was deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn. Staff Sgt. De Alencar later attended Ranger School, graduated, and reclassed as an Infantryman (11B). During his time at Schofield Barracks, he served as Fire Team Leader, Rifle Squad Leader, and attended multiple training events with partnered forces throughout the Pacific; including Australian Jungle Operations, Operation Cobra Gold in Thailand, and multiple rotations to the National Training Center in Fort Irwin, California. In September 2016, Staff Sgt. De Alencar graduated from the Special Operations Qualification Course earning the qualification as a Weapons Sergeant (18B) and was assigned to Bravo Company, 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne) located at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. Staff Sgt. De Alencar’s military education includes Basic Leaders Course, Advanced Leaders Course, Jungle Operations Course, Ranger School, Airborne School, Air Assault School, Special Forces Qualification Course, and Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape School. Staff Sgt. De Alencar’s awards and decorations include the Army Commendation Medal with five Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Achievement Medal with 6 Oak Leaf Clusters, Meritorious Unit Citation, Army Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Iraqi Campaign Medal with two Campaign Stars, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Non Commissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon, Expert Infantryman’s Badge, Special Forces Tab, Ranger Tab, B Badge, and the Drivers Badge. As exemplified by his extraordinary heroism, Staff Sgt. De Alencar’s life stands as a testament that freedom is not free, and his legacy will echo in time as an example of the ultimate sacrifice made in the name of freedom On behalf of a humble and grateful Nation, I hope the De Alencar family will find solace in knowing their support, love, and counsel helped make him the hero he became both in uniform and as a father. I pray that God will be with Mark’s wife, Natasha; sons, Rodrigo and Marcos; stepson, Deshaun; daughter, Tatiyana; stepdaughter, Octavia and all their family and friends during this time of great mourning and may God continue to bless the United States of America. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KEN FISCHER FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE ON BEHALF OF THE UNIVERSITY MUSICAL SOCIETY 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ken Fischer for his 30 years as President of the University of Michigan’s University Musical Society. Under Mr. Fischer’s leadership, UMS has become one of the leading performing arts organizations in the country, brought some of the world’s top performers and artists to the University of Michigan, and provided unparalleled cultural and artistic opportunities at the University and to the southeast Michigan community. Mr. Fischer has been the President of UMS since 1987. During these years, Mr. Fischer has helped the UMS grow and expand its artistic offerings to the wider southeast Michigan community by attracting worldclass performers to UMS, including the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra. In addition, UMS has partnered with local communities to expand access to the arts. He has done extensive work with metro Detroit’s Arab American community, which launched a multiyear program to showcase art from different regions and cultures. Under Mr. Fischer’s direction, UMS has also commissioned many new works, sponsored artist residences, and organized collaborative performances with local, national and international artists. Mr. Fischer’s outstanding tenure has positioned UMS for success in the coming years. In addition to introducing new programs and expanding the organization’s outreach to students and new members of the southeast Michigan community, Mr. Fischer has also grown the organization’s development efforts to support these new initiatives. Since appointing Mr. Fischer as President, UMS’s budget has increased fourfold, allowing it to reach new audiences. Mr. Fischer has also worked to further intercultural understanding by serving as a speaker and cultural ambassador to Brazil, China, Lithuania and Mexico under the direction of the U.S. State Department. Because of Mr. Fischer’s outstanding leadership for three decades, UMS was chosen as a 2014 recipient of the National Medal of the Arts, which is awarded by the President of the United States to organizations that have demonstrated artistic excellence. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ken Fischer for his 30 years of success as President of the University of Michigan’s University Musical Society. Mr. Fischer talent and passion for the arts has built a worldclass organization that offers access to artistic performances to a variety of audiences. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2891–S2922 Measures Introduced: Twentyfive bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 1094–1118, and S. Res. 162.
Measures Reported: S. 174, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens. (S. Rept. No. 115–61) S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs. S. 583, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers. S. 934, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the userfee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1028, to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy.
Measures Passed: Merit Systems Protection Board: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 1083, to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum, and the bill was then passed.
Rosen Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, May 15, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation; that the time until 5:30 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the pending cloture motions ripen at 5:30 p.m.                  Page S2921 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nomination: By 82 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. EX. 127), Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador. 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 81 yeas to 15 nays (Vote No. 126), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Nominations Received: Senate received the following nominations: David J. Kautter, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security.
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—127)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 5:50 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, May 15, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2921.) 
FEDERAL INSECTICIDE, FUNGICIDE, AND RODENTICIDE ACT Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Committee concluded a hearing to examine pesticide registration under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, 
and Rodenticide Act, focusing on providing stakeholders with certainty through the Pesticide Registration Improvement Act, after receiving testimony from Richard P. Keigwin, Jr., Acting Director, Office of Pesticide Programs, Environmental Protection Agency; Sheryl Kunickis, Director, Office of Pest Management Policy, Department of Agriculture; Gary W. Black, Georgia Commissioner of Agriculture, Atlanta, on behalf of the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture; Dale Murden, Texas Citrus Mutual, Mission; and Jay Vroom, CropLife America, and Virginia Ruiz, Farmworker Justice, both of Washington, D.C. VETERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITY CARE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine reducing burden and increasing access to healthcare, focusing on improving Department of Veterans Affairs community care, after receiving testimony from David J. Shulkin, Secretary, and Baligh R. Yehia, Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Community Care, Veterans Health Administration, both of the Department of Veterans Affairs. CYBER POLICY Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine cyber policy, strategy, and organization, after receiving testimony from James R. Clapper, Jr., Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, former Director of National Intelligence; Admiral James G. Stavridis, USN (Ret.), Tufts University Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, former Commander, United States European Command; and General Michael V. Hayden, USAF (Ret.), The Chertoff Group, former Director, Central Intelligence Agency. HOUSING FINANCE SYSTEM STATUS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the status of the housing finance system after nine years of conservatorship, including S. 838, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to include retrofit loans such as property assessed clean energy loans, after receiving testimony from Melvin L. Watt, Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 934, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the userfee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and S. 1028, to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs; S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and S. 583, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers. NOMINATION Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Althea Coetzee, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Risch, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. WORLDWIDE THREATS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded open and closed hearings to examine worldwide threats, after receiving testimony from former Senator Daniel R. Coats, Director of National Intelligence; Michael Pompeo, Director, Central Intelligence Agency; Andrew McCabe, Acting Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation; and Admiral Michael Rogers, USN, Director, National Security Agency; Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, USMC, Director, Defense Intelligence Agency; and Robert Cardillo, Director, National GeospatialIntelligence Agency, all of the Department of Defense. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 public bills, H.R. 2405–2421; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 319–322, were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1073, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–113); H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–114); H.R. 1677, to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–115, Part 1); H.R. 115, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional aggravating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the victim, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–116); H.R. 510, to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog (H. Rept. 115–117); and H.R. 1293, to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an annual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by Federal employees, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–118).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Chabot to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Scott Wilson, Capitol Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, DC.
        Page H4187 Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance—Reappointment: The Chair announced on behalf of the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, the joint reappointment effective May 13, 2017 of Ms. Barbara L. Camens of Washington, DC and Ms. Roberta L. Holzwarth of Rockford, Illinois, each to a fiveyear term on the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance.
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4187. Senate Referrals: S. 140 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. S. 249 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and adjourned at 2:03 p.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 15 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Monday, May 15 
Program for Monday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E625 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E622, E624 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E621 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E623, E624, E625, E625, E626, E627 Faso, John J., N.Y., E621 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E625 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E627 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E623 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E626 Jayapal, Pramila, Wash., E624 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E623 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E626 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E624 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E621 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E625 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E627 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E622 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E622 RoybalAllard, Lucille, Calif., E622 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E621 Tenney, Claudia, N.Y., E623 