Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Perry Technical Institute for receiving the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges’ 2017 School of Excellence Award. Perry Tech has continually provided highquality education and technical training for students in the Yakima Valley of central Washington, and this award is well deserved. On top of that, I would like to recognize Tyler Andringa, who received the commission’s 2017 Outstanding Graduate Award. Tyler graduated from Perry Tech in December 2016 with a certificate in information technology and communication systems. Tyler has cerebral palsy and has overcome many challenges to obtain his certificate. He has served as a role model and a leader among his classmates. Applying the resources and guidance he received at Perry Tech, Tyler is currently employed with Continuant, a telecommunications service provider, where he is succeeding in advancing his career goals. His achievements are commendable, and I wish him the best in his future endeavors. Please join me in congratulating Perry Technical Institute on their achievements as they continue to provide excellent education and job training to equip students just like Tyler Andringa. f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, our tax system is broken and in desperate need of reform. We need a simpler Tax Code that is fiscally responsible, makes American businesses more competitive, and allows working families to prosper in a 21st century economy. But the RyanMcConnell tax proposal would do the opposite and fails on the promises made by President Trump to boost the middle class. Middle class families would see an average tax increase of $1,290 per year. That is a 380 percent increase for an average family of four. A new analysis from the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center said that the Ryan McConnell proposal would add $5.6 trillion to the national debt, a 27 percent increase from the current debt which is already too high. Under this proposal, the increased deficits will far outweigh the benefits 
of reductions, and economic growth and hardworking Americans will both suffer. Instead, we need forwardlooking policies that are fiscally responsible and create opportunities for families and businesses in today’s economy. That will only come from bipartisan negotiations where we can work together to create the best possible tax conditions for Americans. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FARM TO SCHOOL MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, October is National Farm to School Month. It is time when we celebrate food education, school gardens, and lunch trays filled with healthy, local ingredients. Farm to School brings healthy foods from local farms to schoolchildren nationwide. The program teaches students about the path from farm to fork and instills healthy eating habits that can last a lifetime by introducing children to real food. At the same time, use of local produce in school meals and educational activities provides a new direct market opportunity for family farmers in the area and lessens environmental impacts of transporting food long distances. More than 31 million children eat a school lunch 5 days a week, 180 days a year. If school lunch can taste great and support the local community, everybody wins. In the early 1990s, there were merely a few Farm to School programs, and today there are thousands. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Nutrition Subcommittee, it is encouraging to see this program grow and our schoolchildren’s diets improving. A lifelong love of healthy, locally grown food from your local farmer is something we can all support. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, 585, the number of people murdered and injured in Las Vegas on Sunday during the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. 477, the number of days since the previous deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history in Orlando. 521, the number of mass shootings since Orlando. 91, the average number of Americans killed by gun violence every day. 69, the number of homicides in Charlotte in 2017. Zero, the number of actions taken by Congress to address the gun violence epidemic in our country. When is enough enough? What is it going to take for Congress to end gun violence? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stop wasting time and demand that a joint select committee be established to combat gun violence and the bipartisan KingThompson bill be brought to the floor for a vote. It is time that we had the moral courage to act. Our Nation can’t wait, and they shouldn’t. f 
RECOGNIZING BRETT RUBIN OF BUCKS COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of a brave young man in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, Brett Rubin. A resident of Northampton, Brett’s positive attitude and boundless energy make him a promising young leader in our community. This is even more notable due to the challenges Brett faces from type 1 diabetes. Despite these obstacles, Brett has never allowed this illness to define him or hold him back. More amazing, Mr. Speaker, is that Brett has channeled his desire to cure this illness and to help others. Partnering with the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Brett and his mother, Sandy, have raised thousands of dollars to combat type 1 diabetes. Participating in foundation walks, the Rubins join a closeknit group of family and friends, and they call themselves Brett’s Band, which is a fitting name honoring a teenager who marches to his own beat and steals the show wherever he goes. It is my honor to recognize this exemplary young man. I know Brett’s future will be bright and that type 1 diabetes will never interfere with his ambitions or his aspirations. 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Pursuant to House Resolution 553 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 71. Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) kindly take the chair. b0911 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, with Mr. SIMPSON(Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, October 4, 2017, amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–339 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 IN THE NATURE OF A  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–339. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
statement of managers, as applicable, accompanying this concurrent resolution to account for new information. 
In the House of Representatives, for purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, and the rules or orders of the House of Representatives, a bill or joint resolution, or an amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year the transfer occurs. 
In the House of Representatives, any provision of a bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that increases, or extends the increase of, any guarantee fees of the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall not be counted for purposes of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, this concurrent resolution, or clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
In the House of Representatives, any provision of a bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers any portion of the net surplus of the Federal Reserve System to the general fund of the Treasury shall not be counted for purposes of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, this concurrent resolution, or clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. Subtitle B—Other Provisions 
In the House of Representatives, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the appropriate aggregates, allocations, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution to reflect any adjustments to the baseline made by the Congressional Budget Office. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary 
effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that only consists of a full repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the health carerelated provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that repeals or replaces provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that repeals all or part of the decreases in Medicare spending included in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
In the House, if the Committee on Ways and Means reports a bill or joint resolution that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any such bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027 when the macroeconomic effects of such reforms are taken into account. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution reported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that such chair determines are necessary to implement a trade agreement, and the budgetary levels for any companion measure that offsets such trade measure, if the combined cost of each measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution reported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that decreases revenue. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms policies and programs to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility, but only if such measure would neither adversely impact job creation nor increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution to accommodate the enactment of a deficit and longterm debt reduction agreement if it includes permanent spending reductions and reforms to direct spending program, and does not increase outlays in any fiscal year. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that reforms the supplemental nutrition assistance program (SNAP), but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that reforms the Social Security Disability Insurance program under title II of the Social Security Act, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, improves and updates the Federal retirement system, as determined by such chair, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152) should be repealed. 
It is the policy of this resolution that Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) should be block granted to the States in a manner prescribed by the State Health Flexibility Act. 
It is the policy of this resolution that all meanstested welfare programs should include work activation requirements for able bodied adults. 
It is the policy of this resolution that a carbon tax would be detrimental to American families and businesses, and is not in the best interest of the United States. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) and currently unavailable areas of the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) should be open for energy exploration and production. 
It is the policy of this resolution that no taxpayer dollars shall go to any entity that provides abortion services. 
It is the policy of this resolution that State and local officials are in a much better position to understand the needs of local commuters, not bureaucrats in Washington. Federal funding for transportation should be phased down and limited to core Federal duties, including the interstate highway system, transportation infrastructure on Federal land, responding to emergencies, and research. As the level of Federal responsibility for transportation is reduced, Congress should also concurrently reduce the Federal gas tax. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 553, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 15 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3
1⁄2minutes. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to present the Republican Study Committee’s 2018 budget, Securing America’s Future Economy. This proposal combines savings that have been proposed by the Congressional Budget Office, many RSC members, and public policy think tanks, including The Heritage Foundation, Citizens Against Government Waste, and the National Taxpayers Union. It is based on a simple principle that government should spend its money as carefully as families spend what they have left after they have paid their taxes. By restraining the growth of spending and refocusing resources on core government responsibilities, adopting commonsense reforms, and placing Medicare and Social Security back on sound financial footing, we believe there is still time to save this country from financial and economic ruin. But time is running out. On our current course, the Congressional Budget Office warns that, within 4 years, our deficits will balloon to $1 trillion annually, adding about $8,000 a year to an average family’s debt that they will have to pay off in future taxes. Two years after that, interest on 
the national debt will reach $654 billion. That is more than we currently spend for the entire defense establishment. Let me repeat that so it sinks in. Six years from now, we will spend more than our current defense budget accomplishing nothing but renting the money that we have already borrowed and spent. Three years later, Medicare will collapse. Six years after that—if we get that far—Social Security runs out of money. This approaching crisis can be described with just three numbers: 26, 35, and 49. Once you understand those three numbers—26, 35, and 49—you can plainly see the root of our problems. Twentysix percent is the combined population and inflation growth over the past 10 years. Thirtyfive percent is the growth in Federal revenues. Clearly, this is not a revenue problem. The problem is that third number. Forty nine percent is the growth in spending—nearly twice the rate of inflation and population combined. We are about to hear about the draconian cuts from the opposition. Let me emphasize, the RSC budget continues to grow the Federal Government every year. I repeat, the RSC budget spends more every year. Over the decade, we have provided for more than $1 trillion of government growth. Only in Washington can that be described as a cut. The RSC budget merely restrains the growth of spending over the next decade to give families the time and room to catch up. b0915 By doing so, we can arrest the ruinous spiral of debt and interest costs that now threaten the very solvency of our Nation. This budget gores a lot of sacred cows, because we want to point out the wide range of savings available to achieve. But I would ask the opponents of this budget to consider one thing as we race toward the looming fiscal crisis just 4 years down the road: you cannot provide for the common defense or general welfare or do all of the other things our government is called upon to do if you cannot pay for them. Our mountainous debt, driven by outof control spending, now threatens our ability to do so. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 15 minutes. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am going to cut to the chase: the Republican Study Committee budget is so extreme, it cannot be taken seriously. It cuts spending by $10 trillion over 10 years, which is $4 trillion more than the already irresponsible spending cuts in Chairman BLACK ’s budget. To its credit, the RSC tells us where those cuts will come from, rather than leaving large amounts unspecified or using matching asterisks or phony economic assumptions to reduce spending. The RSC budget cuts Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. It cuts programs that ensure basic living standards, protect the environment, and help families afford college. For 2018, the RSC budget matches the President’s level for defense, including war funding. But for nondefense discretionary spending, the RSC budget provides $394 billion, which is $122 billion, or 24 percent, below the austerity cap. There is no way this House or any House would approve an appropriations bill that inflicted a 24 percent cut on all government operations. If just two programs—veterans’ programs and NIH funding—were excluded from those cuts, everything else would be cut by more than 55 percent. So yes, this budget claims to reach balance, but it would achieve it by making cuts that would be catastrophic. Not even Congress is that selfdestructive. I contend that the two Republican budgets actually show how dismissing the notion that revenues must be a part of any solution to restrain deficits and debt, compounded with the flawed notion that balance must be achieved in the short term, will inflict intolerable hardship on the American people. While totally unintentional, they make a pretty compelling case that for Congress to responsibly address our debts and deficits, while funding the Federal programs and investments that the American people want and expect, raising revenues has to be part of the equation. One of the things that amuses me, in a very kind of dark way, is that I remember so well, in 2010, when Republicans actually rode to victory in the House by claiming that we Democrats were going to cut $750 billion out of Medicare. That wasn’t true, but they claimed it. Now, in this Republican Study Committee budget, they have doubled down on that. It is not exactly double, but they are going to cut it by $898 billion. I don’t think America’s seniors and the disabled population would feel very good about that. I would like to thank my colleagues for bringing that important issue to the debate. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ), the chairman of the Republican Study Committee. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, $20.2 trillion. Our national debt is more than $20.2 trillion. Let’s put it this way: each American’s share of the national debt is $62,000. From the retiree in North Carolina who has already done so much to serve the country, to the newborn child in New York with so much potential, that is $62,000. In fact, it is more than the median American family brings home in an entire year. Our debt continues to mount, even as Federal reserves reach record highs. This leads to an undeniable conclusion, even from Captain Obvious: the Federal Government has a spending problem. The growing Federal Government has significant negative consequences for the country and its people. The large Federal debt reduces investment, productivity, and wages, while Federal interventions in the economy reduce the incentive to work, resulting in a shrinking labor market. The debt can have dangerous implications for our national security, recently causing a bipartisan group of leading national security officials to write that ‘‘our longterm debt is the single greatest threat to our national security.’’ Most fundamentally, when the Federal Government is too big and too intrusive, it interferes with our unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Eleven months ago, the American people voted to give Republicans unified control of government. Now it is time to follow through and implement the policy agenda that Congress and the President were elected on. As the calendar moves into fall, the grade of the 115th Congress will be delivered on whether we can reform our inefficient Tax Code. This process starts with the budget. Along with repealing ObamaCare and securing our border, the Republican Study Committee budget allows us to fulfill these promises, and more. This fiscal year 2018 RSC budget ensures a strong national security, robust economic growth, equal opportunity for all, a sustainable social safety net, and a return to constitutionally limited government, all with a goal of securing America’s future economy. Instead of a future of high debt and low growth, the RSC budget proposes a positive blueprint for success and opportunity. Our budget focuses on progrowth, profamily policies that will boost America’s economy and provide a strong fiscal foundation for generations to come. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would like to thank my friend, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , for his leadership of the RSC budget task force, as well as all the members of the Republican Study Committee who participated in this effort. With this budget, we have accomplished our goals of detailing the variety of bold policy solutions, as well as helping to influence the balanced budget offered by my friend, Chairman BLACK , to include meaningful, enforceable, reconciliation targets, as the RSC budget does, so that we can begin the essential task of implementing these policies into law. My fellow Members, when will our debt matter? Next year? The year after? 
In 6 years, we are projected to spend more than $650 billion on interest alone on our debt. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. WALKER. What will it take for our friends on the left to stop hijacking the American Dream for our children and grandchildren? Is it not a moral injustice to leave this level of debt to the next generation? Mr. Chairman, we have been making this argument in the House for years. Today, it is time to make a difference. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, it is fascinating to have this debate and speaking in such highprincipled ways about the need to reduce deficits and debt. I don’t think any Democrat would argue that we need to do something to reduce deficits and debt. We face a very dire, long term fiscal future. But we also lose sight of the fact that the American people expect something from their government. They expect our government to keep them safe, but they also expect their government to protect their drinking water, protect their air, to make sure that the food they eat is not dangerous, to provide law enforcement and help local law enforcement to do many things. The budget, as well as Chairman BLACK ’s committee budget, would decimate all of those services that the American people expect from the Federal Government. I think only about what is going on right now with Houston, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands and the enormous cost that the Federal Government is going to have to bear to help restore those communities and those territories to some degree of normalcy. That is what they expect the American Government to do. These budgets would make that all but impossible. So we look at it both ways. Later, we will propose a Democratic alternative that actually makes those kind of investments and makes sure that the notion of American security is not just a huge military, but is a foundation of investment in human capital and research and infrastructure that will allow this economy to grow. We do it with keeping debt at the same percentage of the economy, as it is now, because we are willing to raise revenues. On the other hand, Republican budgets, both the Republican Study Committee budget and the chairman’s budget, anticipate enormous tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and corporations—tax cuts that have been proven to do exactly the opposite of what many on the other side claim they do, which is to stimulate economic growth. We will hear claims that, yes, we can cut taxes by $2 trillion or $3 trillion over 10 years, and they are going to be paid for by this renewal of economic activity. But history tells us that is not what happens. Not only history tells us that, but virtually all the economists in the country tell us that, too. Goldman Sachs, Steve Mnuchin’s previous employer, says that the tax cuts outlined last week would maybe create an additional 0.2 percent of growth in the economy. CBO and the Federal Reserve say tax cuts don’t pay for themselves. Even Bruce Bartlett, the author of ‘‘Reaganomics,’’ says this whole notion that tax cuts pay for themselves is nonsense. He actually said bull, which is half of what he said, but you get the idea. This is not easy. We can speak in the darkest terms of how we are imposing this debt on our grandchildren and try to use emotional arguments. But the fact is, we are dealing with a very realistic, pragmatic dilemma, and that is: how to do what the American people expect us to do without making the future impossible. It is not done by the Republican budgets. We think it is helped along by the Democratic alternative, and we look forward to having that debate just a little bit later this morning. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I would remind my friend from Kentucky that Ronald Reagan reduced the Federal income tax rate from 70 percent down to 28 percent, and income tax revenues doubled. He is correct that we expect things from our government. We have seen a 49 percent increase in spending in the last decade. Have we seen a 49 percent increase in the quality of education or a 49 percent increase in our infrastructure or our defense capability? What we have seen is a 49 percent increase in bureaucracy and government. I would remind the gentleman that when we squander the people’s money, we rob them of the means to meet the disasters and unforeseen circumstances that confront our country. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES), my friend and former chairman of the Republican Study Committee. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I want to go off script for a little bit and echo the comments the gentleman was making. He talked about the Reagan tax cuts and what they did to stimulate the economy and to grow tax revenues and to allow hardworking American families to keep more of their paychecks. I would also go on to remind the gentleman from Kentucky, to disabuse him about his views of tax reform, and remind him that President John F. Kennedy, a Democrat, reduced the top marginal rates from 93 percent to 73 percent. The economy grew, more jobs were created, and more revenue was created for the Federal Government. Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government doesn’t have a revenue problem. It has a spending problem. That is what we tackle with the Republican Study Committee budget. I thank Mr. MCCLINTOCK for his incredible and insightful leadership in generating the FY 2018 RSC budget that we are now considering. The House Budget Committee’s budget proposals continue to benefit from the framework of the RSC budget by including meaningful, enforceable reconciliation targets, as our budget does. The House budget will begin the essential task of implementing these policies into law. Other instances where the RSCled budget proposals have historically wound up being adopted in the larger House budget include the following: First, balancing the budget within a 10year budget window. Two, including policies to ensure the solvency of entitlement programs, such as Social Security, Medicare, and also Medicaid. Number three, providing the necessary funding and resources for a robust national security. Number four, fully repealing ObamaCare. Number five, establishing a pathway to progrowth tax reform that will jumpstart our economy and help hardworking American families take home more of their paychecks. I was humbled to serve as the chairman of the RSC during the 114th Congress. At that time, we generated a new budget for fiscal year 2017, called the Blueprint for a Balanced Budget 2.0. It was written and released in the spring of 2016. Like the current RSC budget, it provided a robust agenda of conservative policies to show the American people our vision for this Nation. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. FLORES. In the tradition of The Heritage Foundation’s 1980 mandate for leadership that provided a policy agenda for the incoming Reagan administration, our Blueprint for a Balanced Budget 2.0 for the new President and his administration set forth an agenda for governing in 2017. b0930 By all accounts, the RSC budget has proven successful in achieving this goal, with President Trump basing many of the policies for his fiscal 2018 budget request on the RSC’s fiscal 2017 budget. I am pleased to see that many RSC led proposals are included in both the President’s budget and the House budget that we will consider later today. In the coming years, I look forward to continuing to see the RSC putting forth and leading on many conservative, sound policy ideas for our budgetary process. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge all our colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the RSC budget and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the House GOP budget. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I feel like I have to be Paul Harvey for a second and talk about the rest of the story. Because while what Mr. MCCLINTOCK  said was true about the initial phases of the Reagan administration, at the end of the Reagan administration, the national debt had almost tripled, and he had been forced to raise taxes a couple of times in the interim. So, again, we can argue about how positive cutting taxes were in the Reagan administration, but the end result wasn’t particularly good for the American economy. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, who wins in the Republican budget? Same old same old; millionaires, billionaires, large corporations. The Republican budget paves the way for their plan, which gives 80 percent of its tax cuts to the top 1 percent of Americans, while 30 percent of middle class households making between $50,000 and $150,000 a year would actually see a tax increase. This is according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. It slashes $1.5 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid, even worse than TrumpCare, and it ends the guarantee of Medicare benefits for American seniors. It attacks women’s health by defunding, of course, Planned Parenthood, once again. It slashes SNAP— SNAP, the Food Stamp program—by $154 billion, taking nutrition assistance away from up to 7 million households. Did you really come to Congress to take food out of the mouths of hungry children? Now we are considering the Republican Study Committee budget, which includes even deeper cuts for children and families and seniors while giving tax cuts to the wealthy. My Democratic colleagues and I offer A Better Deal for America. The United States is the richest country in the world at the richest time in history. We can have quality healthcare, affordable childcare, debtfree college, secure retirement, and worldclass infrastructure, but not if we give massive tax cuts to the wealthiest individuals and corporations. So I urge my colleagues to reject the RSC budget, reject the Republican budget, and to support the Democratic alternative. Americans deserve a budget that grows our middle class and invests in our future. I want to read just one paragraph of a letter from Planned Parenthood that says: ‘‘The House Budget Resolution proposes cuts that would be disastrous for women, men, and young people Planned Parenthood sees every day. It sacrifices access to healthcare, repealing the Affordable Care Act, gutting Medicaid, and proposing even deeper cuts to lowincome nondefense discretionary spending. It undermines access to critical reproductive healthcare, including no copay birth control, for millions of women.’’ The women of America are watching. This budget is a particular disaster for them, for us. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, Article I, section 9 of the Constitution grants Congress the power of the purse. This assigns to Congress the role of final arbiter of the use of public funds. Despite this clear declaration of power, the Office of Management and Budget estimates that agencies collected over $513 billion in fines, fees, penalties, and other offsetting collections and receipts in fiscal year 2017. Allowing agencies to have slush funds outside of the normal appropriations process is a recipe for bad acting. The RSC budget calls for implementing the Agency Accountability Act, which directs that all fines, fees, and settlements go to the Treasury, making them subject to the normal appropriations process. This would end the agencies’ ability to operate independently and outside of the oversight of Congress. More importantly, it would allow Congress to fully account for how much money the government actually collects and where that money is coming from. I am also pleased that the RSC budget does what is increasingly becoming an impossible task: it balances the budget, all while prioritizing defense spending to keep this country secure. This budget sets forth the bold ideas necessary to put the country back on a path of fiscal responsibility. The Congressional Budget Office reports that if we stay on the current irresponsible fiscal path we are on, by 2047, in 30 years, our debt to GDP will be 150 percent. Stated more simply, our debt will be 50 percent greater than our entire gross domestic product. We must put our Nation back on a path of fiscal responsibility, and the RSC budget does exactly that. As former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Michael Mullin warned, our national debt is the greatest threat to our national security. By putting our Nation on a sensible fiscal path of balancing the budget, we reduce the extremely heavy burden that a bloated Federal Government places on America’s working families, allowing them to prosper and making the government less intrusive in their lives. I would also like to add extemporaneously in regard to what we are doing on SNAP benefits. What we are doing is imposing work requirements on ablebodied adults with no children. I want to repeat: ablebodied adults with no children. I think most Americans would agree that if they are getting payments from the Federal Government, they ought to at least do some work. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), a distinguished member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I want to state to my colleagues on this budget that there are two fundamental assumptions that are being made that need to be challenged. One, you are saying that we have a spending problem, not a revenue problem. This country is spending on domestic priorities and defense at a level that existed when the President of the United States was Dwight D. Eisenhower, and that was before Medicaid and Medicare. We have a significant issue about how we are going to meet the needs of the people of this country, both on defense, where we need some help, but definitely on the domestic side as well. The second assumption that you are making—and it is an assertion that is made over and over again—is that tax cuts will pay for themselves. That is the theology of your budget: tax cuts pay for themselves. You know, why not go to zero, and we will all be rich? That is essentially what is being said here. But the tax cuts are always at the high end of the income spectrum, which is exacerbating inequality and creating a problem for us to meet essential needs in this country. So this question of tax cuts paying for themselves and fiscal responsibility, let’s have a little bit of history here. This was the theology of George Bush when he passed the tax cuts when he became President. They did not pay for themselves. We went from the Clintonera surpluses to the Bushera deficits, and in another fiscally, grossly irresponsible move, he put the war on the credit card. The war was on the credit card. We had unpaidfor tax cuts and we had an unpaidfor war. And this is not just fiscal responsibility; this is governmental, personal, congressional irresponsibility. You have got to pay for things. Whether it is the war or it is food stamps or it is any program that you want to pick, you have got to pay for it. You don’t pay for it by the magic asterisk of saying, ‘‘the tax cuts that we propose,’’ when we are going to spend by cutting taxes or going into a war that we don’t pay for, $1 trillion, it doesn’t work. And that is why we are in this path that is very dangerous with respect to the longterm debt. I believe in that. We have got to pay our bills. When we had the majority, we had a doctrine that said: Pay as you go. If any Democrat, the budget chair, or me wanted to propose some spending, we either had to come up with the revenue or we had to cut somewhere else. I believe in that. But I don’t believe in unpaidfor tax cuts paying for themselves. I don’t believe that more spending pays for itself 
and we can just put it on the credit card. Now, we have got some problems and challenges in this country. We have got an opportunity problem. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, kids going to school get out with a debt the size of a mortgage. We have got an inequality problem. It has never been worse. It goes back to the Great Depression, when we had this divide between what hardworking people made and what the top 1 percent made. We have got a healthcare affordability problem, but you don’t solve that by slashing access to healthcare and throwing 24 million people off of healthcare. We have got an infrastructure problem that we are totally neglecting. It is not addressed in this budget. We have got a DREAMer problem. How is it that, in this Congress, we are literally not allowing 800,000 young people who came here, through no fault of their own, not voluntarily, and we are going to give them the hook and deport them? It is outrageous? We have got a rural America problem. Rural America has been left behind. The inequality in this country is really hitting hard on rural America, in parts of Vermont, and in all parts of this country. And there is nothing in this budget that says: We are going to give hope to rural America by investing in them. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), the Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Chairman, I rise to urge the whole House to support this Republican budget, H. Con. Res. 71. Let me just say a few things. First, this is a budget that reflects our first principles: freedom, freedom enterprise, a government accountable to the people it serves. It is a budget that will help grow our economy, and it is a budget that will help rein in our debt. It strengthens our national defense. It supports our men and women in uniform. It eliminate mindless, endless spending, and it maximizes American’s tax dollars. It reforms Medicaid. It strengthens Medicare. This is a budget that keeps our responsibilities to our children and our grandchildren. Remember, we have a responsibility here, each and every generation, each and every Member: leave the country better off so your kids and your grandkids can prosper. That American legacy is seriously at risk because of our growing deteriorating budget situation, because of the coming debt crisis. This budget tackles that. There is one more thing that this budget does that is so important. It paves the way for historic tax reform. It unlocks the reconciliation process. We need to pass this budget so that we can deliver real relief for middleincome families across this country. We need to pass this budget for the people who are living paycheck to paycheck in America, who are trying to juggle it all. They are looking to get under a hopelessly broken Tax Code. We haven’t reformed this tax system since 1986. We need to pass this budget so that we can help bring more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks for people across this country. The time for this is now, and the opportunity is right in front of us. I want to especially commend Chairman BLACK for her commitment to this vision. I want to especially commend the members of the Budget Committee for their steadfast commitment to this vision. We would not be in a position today to pass this budget without her tireless leadership and the leadership of her members of the committee. It is so encouraging that the Senate has passed their budget out of committee. They are on the track, too. That means we look forward to working with the Senate to take the next step. We have an opportunity to make right by our fellow countrymen. We have an opportunity to make right by the people we represent. We have an opportunity to actually restore prosperity in this country. b0945 We haven’t seen that kind of economic potential in this country in at least a decade. We can fix that this year. We know a debt crisis is coming. We know if we do nothing, the next generation will be worse off. We can stop that, fix this, and make them better off. That is what this budget paves the way for, and that is why I urge all of my colleagues to support this budget. I thank the chair for her steadfast support. I thank the Members for getting us to where we are today, and I really look forward to the day where we can look at this moment as when we got the country on the right track. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would just say that we need to cut right to the chase. It is unlikely that either the Republican Study Committee budget or the Republican Budget Committee budget could pass this House. It certainly couldn’t pass the Congress. This is all about moving the ball forward so we can push through a massive tax cut to the wealthiest Americans, with 51 votes in the Senate. That is what this day is about, and that is what this process is about. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject both the Republican Study Committee budget and the Republican Budget Committee budget, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD letters of support of the Republican Study Committee budget from the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, FreedomWorks, and Heritage Action for America. COMMITTEE FOR A RESPONSIBLE  FEDERAL BUDGET , September 8, 2017. Hon. MARKWALKER , Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE WALKER : I am writ ing you to express our appreciation for the fiscally responsible budget released by the Republican Study Committee. Your budget would make important progress by putting debt on a downward path as a share of GDP, reducing it from 77 percent today to 56 percent by 2027—instead of letting it rise to 89 percent as under current law. By calling for spending cuts and entitlement reforms, your budget helps to keep the national debt on a sustainable path. We applaud the Republican Study Committee for your serious contribution to the ongoing budget debate. Sincerely, MAYAMACGUINEAS , President, Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. 
COUNCIL FOR CITIZENS AGAINST  GOVERNMENT WASTE , Washington, DC, October 4, 2017. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : You will soon vote on several different budget proposals for fiscal year (FY) 2018. On behalf of the more than one million members and supporters of the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste (CCAGW), I urge you to support the budget resolution as reported by the House Budget Committee and the Republican Study Committee’s (RSC) budget resolution, both of which would put the nation back on the path to fiscal sanity and pave the way for comprehensive, progrowth tax reform. Under the leadership of Chairman Diane Black (R–Tenn.), H. Con. Res. 71, as reported by the House Budget Committee, would reduce spending by $6.5 trillion over 10 years and balance the budget by 2027. H. Con. Res. 71 provides reconciliation instructions for fundamental tax reform that, if enacted, will allow Americans to keep more of their money, simplify the filing of taxes, and allow small businesses to boost wages and create jobs. While H. Con. Res. 71 would increase defense spending above Budget Control Act mandated cap levels, this legislation also calls for $203 billion in spending cuts across various programs and a $700 billion reduction in improper payments. The RSC budget enacts many of the same reforms as the House Budget Committee’s plan, but it proposes to reduce government spending by $10 trillion over 10 years and achieves balance in six years. The RSC plan creates a pathway for tax reform; repeals and replaces Obamacare; makes Social Security solvent; rescues Medicare and disability insurance; and decreases FY 2018 nondiscretionary spending to $394 billion. Tax reform presents an historic opportunity to unleash the economic potential of the American people. While Congress is well positioned to enact tax reform, that cannot occur until a budget resolution with reconciliation instructions is adopted. I urge 
you to support both the House Budget Committee’s FY 2018 budget resolution as reported and the RSC’s FY 2018 budget resolution. All votes on the FY 2018 budget resolutions will be among those considered in CCAGW’s 2017 Congressional Ratings. Sincerely, TOMSCHATZ , President, CCAGW. 
[From FreedomWorks, Oct. 4, 2017] KEYVOTEYES ON THE MCCLINTOCK  AMENDMENT TO H. C ON. RES. 71 On behalf of FreedomWorks’ activist community, I urge you to contact your representative and ask him or her to vote YES on the amendment offered by Rep. Tom McClintock (R–Calif.) to H. Con. Res. 71, the budget resolution for FY 2018. The amendment, which includes reconciliation instructions for fundamental tax reform, is the Republican Study Committee’s FY 2018 budget alternative. The Republican Study Committee’s (RSC) FY 2018 budget would reduce federal spending by more than $10 trillion over the ten year budget window, bringing the budget into balance in FY 2023. The RSC’s budget would repeal ObamaCare and enact other patientcentered health insurance reforms, make Social Security and Medicare solvent, and reform federal welfare programs. It also promotes free trade, regulatory reform, and other free market, limited government principles. The current text of H. Con. Res. 71 and the McClintock amendment include language that allows the House Ways and Means Committee to produce legislation to reform the tax code. Riddled with loopholes and special interest deductions, America’s tax code has become far too complex. According to the Tax Foundation, Americans spent 8.9 billion hours and $409 billion complying with the more than 74,000page tax code. It has been more than 30 years since Congress passed fundamental tax reform. Congress has a generational opportunity to reform the tax code by consolidating and lowering tax rates, broadening the tax base, and promoting job creation and international competitiveness for American businesses. This will make the tax code fairer and simplify the filing process, allowing the vast majority of Americans to file their taxes on a postcard. FreedomWorks will count the vote on the McClintock amendment to H. Con. Res. 71 on our 2017 Congressional Scorecard. The scorecard is used to determine eligibility for the FreedomFighter Award, which recognizes Members of the House and Senate who consistently vote to support economic freedom and individual liberty. Sincerely, ADAMBRANDON , President, FreedomWorks. 
[From Heritage Action for America, Oct. 3, 2017] ‘‘YES’’ ON THE RSC’ SBUDGET : SECURING  AMERICA ’SFUTURE ECONOMY  (By Andrea Palermo) On Thursday, the House will vote on the Fiscal Year 2018 (FY18) Budget offered by the Republican Study Committee (RSC) as an amendment to the committeeapproved FY18 budget resolution. The RSC’s Budget: Securing America’s Future Economy, introduced by RSC Budget and Spending Task Force Chairman Tom McClintock (R–Calif.), would balance in 2023, reduce nondefense discretionary spending, reestablish national defense spending to support the military, break the ‘‘firewall’’ between defense and nondefense discretionary spending, fully repeal and replace Obamacare, repeal DoddFrank by implementing the Financial CHOICE Act, reform entitlement programs, and finally, enact progrowth tax reform. If passed, the RSC’s budget would give lawmakers a serious conservative blueprint for reform. ProGrowth Tax Reform. Republicans campaigned and promised to fix America’s broken tax code. The current code has become a significant obstacle to economic growth, job creation and higher wages for American workers. The RSC budget would fulfill the Republican campaign promise by enacting tax reform that cuts taxes for families, makes American businesses competitive around the globe, ends double taxation, and simplifies the code. Repealing Obamacare. Republicans owe their majorities to their unwavering opposition to Obamacare, a reality that is reflected in the RSC’s budget. The budget remains committed to fully repealing the law despite recent Republican failures, and sends a signal to the American people that conservatives will continue to push for freemarket, patientcentered health care reforms. Funding Defense. Although the Budget Control Act of 2011 has put significant pressure on our military, a conservative budget would align military spending with strategic priorities by breaking the firewall. The RSC’s budget does not rely on the muchdiscussed OCO gimmick, but increases defense spending to a total of $668 billion in FY18, which is $119 billion above the current defense cap. Importantly, that cost is offset by lowering nondefense discretionary spending to $394 billion in FY18, which is $122 billion below the cap. Reforming Entitlements. The RSC’s budget maintains the Medicare premium support reforms, which are widely established and broadly supported. In addition, the budget lays down bold markers on Social Security, Social Security Disability Insurance and Medicaid. It takes a similarly aggressive approach on mandatory program spending like food stamps (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) and Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) by building on the success of the 1996 welfare reforms and enacting work requirements as outlined in the Welfare Reform and Upward Mobility Act (H.R. 2832/S. 1290) and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Reform Act (H.R. 2996). Other important items in the budget include: Enacting the Financial CHOICE Act, eliminating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), holding federal agencies accountable, reducing funding for the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), separating food stamps and farm programs, ending commodity subsidy programs, reforming crop insurance, ending unconstitutional amnesty for illegal immigrants, enforcing existing immigration laws, securing our borders, delegating elementary and secondary education to states and localities modeled after the Academic Partnership Leads us to Success (APLUS) Act, reforming Higher Education by passing the Higher Education Reform and Opportunity (HERO) Act, eliminating Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, returning transportation and infrastructure policy to the states, reorganizing the executive branch, and protecting the life of the unborn. Taken as a whole, the RSC’s ‘‘Securing America’s Future Economy’’ demonstrates a seriousness of purpose when it comes to governing. If passed, this budget would provide a fiscally responsible path forward for our nation, limit the size and scope of our bloated federal government, and unleash economic prosperity for all Americans. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, Just a few steps from this Hall, Thomas Jefferson addressed his first inaugural address. After listing all of the blessings that our country enjoys, he asked what more do we need to maintain a happy and prosperous society. He said: ‘‘Still one thing more, fellow citizens. A wise and frugal government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government. . . .’’ We have it within our power to restore that wise and frugal government and the prosperity and happiness that free societies always produce the moment we summon the political will to do so. The Republican Study Committee seeks that shining city on a hill and today offers this map to get us there. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 139, noes 281, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Culberson Davidson DesJarlais Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Norman Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rouzer Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Tipton Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Frelinghuysen Kihuen Murphy (PA) Napolitano Rosen RoybalAllard Sarbanes Titus Walz Young (AK) 
b1011 Ms. STEFANIK, Messrs. DUNCAN of South Carolina, CLEAVER, DENHAM, NORCROSS, CONYERS, CUMMINGS, RUTHERFORD, BACON, and Ms. SLAUGHTER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. WEBSTER of Florida, SESSIONS, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS, and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment in the nature of a substitute was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 555. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I was absent during roll call votes No. 553 through 555 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on the Grijalva of Arizona Substitute Amendment No. 1, aye on the Scott of Virginia Substitute Amendment No. 2, and no on the McClintock of California Substitute Amendment No. 3. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 IN THE NATURE OF A  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–339. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
The Chair of the House Committee on the Budget may adjust the allocations, aggregates, reconciliation targets, and other appropriate budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution to reflect changes resulting from the Congressional Budget Office’s update to its baseline for fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
Special Counsel appointed by the Department of Justice so that he can perform a thorough and nonpartisan investigation of Russia’s campaign to affect the 2016 U.S. presidential election and any individuals in the United States that may have colluded in those efforts. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 553, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ) and a Member opposed each will control 15 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, Democrats and Republicans are looking at the same challenges facing our country and American families. Education, healthcare, and housing costs have all increased while wages stay stagnant. It used to be that the two parties would debate different strategies to address the problems facing the American people. Sadly, those times are behind us. In giving millionaires, including the majority of this Congress, the President, and wealthy donors a giant tax cut, the Republican budget does not even pretend to address the problems facing the American people. Not only does it ignore working families, it increases their challenges. The Democratic budget alternative, in stark contrast to the Republican budget, begins to address the real challenges our country faces now and in the long term. b1015 We are less than a decade removed from the worst economic crisis in most of our lifetimes, and we have a chance to rebound in a way that builds a foundation for our country to thrive for generations, but we have to seize that opportunity. Rather than giving resources to people and businesses that already have them, we are calling for targeted investments in programs that grow our economy, create goodpaying jobs, and provide real support for working families and real security in retirement. Rather than sending thankyou notes to the corporations that bankroll campaigns, we have an opportunity to make vital public investments that lead to a brighter future rebuilding roads, bridges, and other critical infrastructure, all of which lead to good jobs now and in the long run. Rather than giving the President a multimilliondollar refund on taxes he refuses to disclose, we can invest in retirement security for seniors who didn’t inherit millions. We can invest in affordable education so young people do not have to grow up wealthy to have a shot at earning it in their future careers. Instead of taking healthcare away from people, straining emergency rooms, and making Americans sicker, we have an opportunity to continue investing in affordable quality healthcare for all of us, finally eliminating a great burden on American families, a burden that no other developed nation shares. This budget is an opportunity for our country to invest in our future, and if we adopt the Republican budget plan, we will have squandered it. Democrats believe in a government that prioritizes American families, and they should be the priorities of this Congress. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to oppose the Republican budget and support the Democratic alternative. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Tennessee is recognized for 15 minutes. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this budget substitute, which is, put simply, an abdication of our fiscal responsibility as a governing body. Our country is $20 trillion in debt, with $9 trillion added to the national debt during the Obama years. We have the responsibility to our children and our grandchildren to stop this Congress’ addiction to spending. It is a responsibility that I take seriously; it is a responsibility that the members of my committee take seriously; and it is a responsibility that Republicans in the House take seriously. Clearly, it is not a responsibility that our friends across the aisle take seriously. Our budget works to end the addiction to spending that has dominated Washington for far too long. The House budget, passed out of committee with unanimous Republican support in July, begins to address our spending addiction by balancing the budget over 10 years so that we can start paying down our national debt, and it addresses mandatory spending in a significant way for the first time since 1997. This budget substitute does quite the opposite. The Democrats’ budget raises taxes by $2.7 trillion, which would be the largest tax increase in U.S. history. It increases spending by $6.2 trillion, compared to the budget passed by my committee. It never balances, with a deficit in 2027 of $852 billion. What we hear from the other side of the aisle and what we see in this budget is simply more of same: more spending, more tax increases, and more debt. I don’t think that is acceptable, and neither do the American people. Since we began this budget debate yesterday, my counterparts on the other side of the aisle have been throwing out misleading numbers about our budget and our tax reform effort in order to hide the fact that they offer no new solutions to the most pressing problems our country faces. Here is a number that they should keep in mind while they discuss this fiscally irresponsible substitute. The national debt for every person is over $63,000. Every man, woman, and even child in our country has a $63,000 weight hanging over their heads. Our budget takes real steps to fix this crisis. This budget substitute does not. Honestly, it is as simple as that. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this Democrat substitute, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Chair, once again, House Republicans are determined to visit cruel and unusual punishment on the American people by presenting a budget that is reckless, regressive, and reprehensible. It is a budget that will hurt working families, middle class folks, senior citizens, the poor, the sick, the afflicted, veterans, and rural America. It is a budget that will eradicate the social safety net, end Medicare as we know it, rip away health insurance from 23 million Americans, and impose billions and billions of dollars in life altering debt on younger Americans. It is outrageous that this is all being done to enact tax cuts for the wealthy and the welloff, tax cuts for the privileged few, tax cuts for special interests here in Washington, D.C. This parade of horribles is being jammed down the throats of this country so that everyday Americans can subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. We deserve better. The Democratic budget will invest in transportation and infrastructure, invest in education and job training, invest in the social safety net, invest in research and development, invest in affordable housing, and invest in the wellbeing of everyday Americans. The Republican budget is a raw deal. The Democratic budget is a better deal, focused on better jobs, better wages, and a better future. It is worthy of our support. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. HANDEL) assumed the chair. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1117. An act to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to applicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or disaster. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY). Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chair, with all respect, the cruel and unusual punishment is the Democraticproposed substitute amendment. The raw deal is the Democraticproposed substitute amendment that increases spending $6.2 trillion over our budget. This thing raises taxes—$2.7 trillion, the largest tax increase in American history, at a time when we are drowning in debt and stagnant wage growth. It requires a onetoone match of defense and nondefense discretionary spending at a time when we can’t keep our F–18s flying and we have airplanes crashing around the country for lack of maintenance. This is unconscionable. This budget never balances. It will leave us with an $852 billion deficit by fiscal year 2027. It expands ObamaCare, the most disastrous and heinous trick played on the American people that I can remember. It prioritizes amnesty over security. We are never going to get our country straight and preserve our sovereignty if we don’t protect our security. On the other hand, we have got the Republican budget that offers to do a lot of things. One thing it offers to do is put a work requirement for ablebodied adults with no dependent children into welfare. Mr. Chair, I include in the RECORD an article by Nicholas Eberstadt of AEI talking about the horrible condition of our labor force now and how drastically important this is and how much it will improve the opportunities for people to rise out of poverty. We have got three 25 to 54yearold males sitting out of the labor force collecting benefits for every one that is unemployed. The unemployed rate is 4.7 percent. That makes the total 20 percent. It is almost over 5 million people that we owe them a moral obligation to offer them an opportunity to rise out of poverty through work, and that is what the Republican budget does. 
[Commentary, Feb. 15, 2017] ECONOMY : OURMISERABLE 21STCENTURY  (By Nicholas N. Eberstadt) On the morning of November 9, 2016, American’s elite—its talking and deciding classes—woke up to a country they did not know. To most privileged and welleducated Americans, especially those living in its bicoastal bastions, the election of Donald Trump had been a thing almost impossible even to imagine. What sort of country would go and elect someone like Trump as president? Certainly not one they were familiar with, or understood anything about. Whatever else it may or may not have accomplished, the 2016 election was a sort of shock therapy for Americans living within what Charles Murray famously termed ‘‘the bubble’’ (the protective barrier of prosperity and selfselected associations that increasingly shield our best and brightest from contact with the rest of their society). The very fact of Trump’s election served as a truth broadcast about a reality that could no longer be denied: Things out there in America are a whole lot different from what you thought. Yes, things are very different indeed these days in the ‘‘real America’’ outside the bubble. In fact, things have been going badly wrong in America since the beginning of the 21st century. It turns out that the year 2000 marks a grim historical milestone of sorts for our nation. For whatever reasons, the Great American Escalator, which had lifted successive generations of Americans to ever higher standards of living and levels of social well being, broke down around then—and broke down very badly. The warning lights have been flashing, and the klaxons sounding, for more than a decade and a half. But our pundits and prognosticators and professors and policymakers, ensconced as they generally are deep within the bubble, were for the most part too distant from the distress of the general population to see or hear it. (So much for the vaunted ‘‘information era’’ and ‘‘bigdata revolution.’’) Now that those signals are no longer possible to ignore, it is high time for experts and intellectuals to reacquaint themselves with the country in which they live and to begin the task of describing what has befallen the country in which we have lived since the dawn of the new century. Consider the condition of the American economy. In some circles people still widely believe, as one recent New York Times businesssection article cluelessly insisted before the inauguration, that ‘‘Mr. Trump will inherit an economy that is fundamentally solid.’’ But this is patent nonsense. By now it should be painfully obvious that the U.S. economy has been in the grip of deep dysfunction since the dawn of the new century. And in retrospect, it should also be apparent that America’s strange new economic maladies were almost perfectly designed to set the stage for a populist storm. Ever since 2000, basic indicators have offered oddly inconsistent readings on America’s economic performance and prospects. It is curious and highly uncharacteristic to find such measures so very far out of alignment with one another. We are witnessing an ominous and growing divergence between three trends that should ordinarily move in tandem: wealth, output, and employment. Depending upon which of these three indicators you choose, America looks to be heading up, down, or more or less nowhere. From the standpoint of wealth creation, the 21st century is off to a roaring start. By this yardstick, it looks as if Americans have never had it so good and as if the future is full of promise. Between early 2000 and late 2016, the estimated net worth of American households and nonprofit institutions more than doubled, from $44 trillion to $90 trillion. Although that wealth is not evenly distributed, it is still a fantastic sum of money—an average of over a million dollars for every notional family of four. This upsurge of wealth took place despite the crash of 2008— indeed, private wealth holdings are over $20 trillion higher now than they were at their precrash apogee. The value of American realestate assets is near or at alltime highs, and America’s businesses appear to be thriving. Even before the ‘‘Trump rally’’ of late 2016 and early 2017, U.S. equities markets were hitting new highs—and since stock prices are strongly shaped by expectations of future profits, investors evidently are counting on the continuation of the current happy days for U.S. asset holders for some time to come. A rather less cheering picture, though, emerges if we look instead at real trends for the macroeconomy. Here, performance since the start of the century might charitably be described as mediocre, and prospects today are no better than guarded. The recovery from the crash of 2008—which unleashed the worst recession since the Great Depression— has been singularly slow and weak. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), it took nearly four years for America’s gross domestic product (GDP) to reattain its late 2007 level. As of late 2016, total value added to the U.S. economy was just 12 percent higher than in 2007. The situation is even more sobering if we consider per capita growth. It took America six and a half years—until mid2014—to get back to its late 2007 per capita production levels. And in late 2016, per capita output was just 4 percent higher than in late 2007—nine years earlier. By this reckoning, the American economy looks to have suffered something close to a lost decade. But there was clearly trouble brewing in America’s macroeconomy well before the 2008 crash, too. Between late 2000 and late 2007, per capita GDP growth averaged less than 1.5 percent per annum. That compares with the nation’s longterm postwar 1948–2000 per capita growth rate of almost 2.3 percent, which in turn can be compared to the ‘‘snap back’’ tempo of 1.1 percent per annum since per capita GDP bottomed out in 2009. Between 2000 and 2016, per capita growth in America has averaged less than 1 percent a year. To state it plainly: With postwar, pre 21stcentury rates for the years 2000–2016, per capita GDP in America would be more than 20 percent higher than it is today. The reasons for America’s newly fitful and halting macroeconomic performance are still a puzzlement to economists and a subject of considerable contention and debate. Economists are generally in consensus, however, in one area: They have begun redefining the growth potential of the U.S. economy downwards. The U.S. Congressional Budget Office (CBO), for example, suggests that the ‘‘potential growth’’ rate for the U.S. economy at full employment of factors of production has now dropped below 1.7 percent a year, implying a sustainable longterm annual per capita economic growth rate for America today of well under 1 percent. Then there is the employment situation. If 21stcentury America’s GDP trends have been disappointing, laborforce trends have been utterly dismal. Work rates have fallen off a cliff since the year 2000 and are at their lowest levels in decades. We can see this by looking at the estimates by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) for the civilian employment rate, the jobstopopulation ratio for adult civilian men and women. Between early 2000 and late 2016, America’s overall work rate for Americans age 20 and older underwent a drastic decline. It plunged by almost 5 percentage points (from 64.6 to 59.7). Unless you are a labor economist, you may not appreciate just how severe a falloff in employment such numbers attest to. Postwar America never experienced anything comparable. From peak to trough, the collapse in work rates for U.S. adults between 2008 and 2010 was roughly twice the amplitude of what had previously been the country’s worst postwar recession, back in the early 1980s. In that previous steep recession, it took America five years to reattain the adult work rates recorded at the start of 1980. This time, the U.S. job market has as yet, in early 2017, scarcely begun to claw its way back up to the work rates of 2007—much less back to the work rates from early 2000. U.S. adult work rates never recovered entirely from the recession of 2001—much less the crash of ’08. And the work rates being measured here include people who are engaged in any paid employment—any job, at any wage, for any number of hours of work at all. On Wall Street and in some parts of Washington these days, one hears that America 
has gotten back to ‘‘near full employment.’’ For Americans outside the bubble, such talk must seem nonsensical. It is true that the oftcited ‘‘civilian unemployment rate’’ looked pretty good by the end of the Obama era—in December 2016, it was down to 4.7 percent, about the same as it had been back in 1965, at a time of genuine full employment. The problem here is that the unemployment rate only tracks joblessness for those still in the labor force; it takes no account of workforce dropouts. Alas, the exodus out of the workforce has been the big labormarket story for America’s new century. (At this writing, for every unemployed American man between 25 and 55 years of age, there are another three who are neither working nor looking for work.) Thus the ‘‘unemployment rate’’ increasingly looks like an antique index devised for some earlier and increasingly distant war: the economic equivalent of a musket inventory or a cavalry count. By the criterion of adult work rates, by contrast, employment conditions in America remain remarkably bleak. From late 2009 through early 2014, the country’s work rates more or less flatlined. So far as can be told, this is the only ‘‘recovery’’ in U.S. economic history in which that basic labormarket indicator almost completely failed to respond. Since 2014, there has finally been a measure of improvement in the work rate—but it would be unwise to exaggerate the dimensions of that turnaround. As of late 2016, the adult work rate in America was still at its lowest level in more than 30 years. To put things another way: If our nation’s work rate today were back up to its startofthecentury highs, well over 10 million more Americans would currently have paying jobs. There is no way to sugarcoat these awful numbers. They are not a statistical artifact that can be explained away by population aging, or by increased educational enrollment for adult students, or by any other genuine change in contemporary American society. The plain fact is that 21stcentury America has witnessed a dreadful collapse of work. For an applestoapples look at America’s 21stcentury jobs problem, we can focus on the 25–54 population—known to labor economists for selfevident reasons as the ‘‘prime working age’’ group. For this key laborforce cohort, work rates in late 2016 were down almost 4 percentage points from their year 2000 highs. That is a jobs gap approaching 5 million for this group alone. It is not only that work rates for prime age males have fallen since the year 2000— they have, but the collapse of work for American men is a tale that goes back at least half a century. (I wrote a short book last year about this sad saga.) What is perhaps more startling is the unexpected and largely unnoticed falloff in work rates for primeage women. In the U.S. and all other Western societies, postwar labor markets underwent an epochal transformation. After World War II, work rates for prime women surged, and continued to rise—until the year 2000. Since then, they too have declined. Current work rates for primeage women are back to where they were a generation ago, in the late 1980s. The 21stcentury U.S. economy has been brutal for male and female laborers alike—and the wreckage in the labor market has been sufficiently powerful to cancel, and even reverse, one of our society’s most distinctive postwar trends: the rise of paid work for women outside the household. In our era of no more than indifferent economic growth, 21stcentury America has somehow managed to produce markedly more wealth for its wealthholders even as it provided markedly less work for its workers. And trends for paid hours of work look even worse than the work rates themselves. Between 2000 and 2015, according to the BEA, total paid hours of work in America increased by just 4 percent (as against a 35 percent increase for 1985–2000, the 15year period immediately preceding this one). Over the 2000–2015 period, however, the adult civilian population rose by almost 18 percent—meaning that paid hours of work per adult civilian have plummeted by a shocking 12 percent thus far in our new American century. This is the terrible contradiction of economic life in what we might call America’s Second Gilded Age (2000—). It is a paradox that may help us understand a number of overarching features of our new century. These include the consistent findings that public trust in almost all U.S. institutions has sharply declined since 2000, even as growing majorities hold that America is ‘‘heading in the wrong direction.’’ It provides an immediate answer to why overwhelming majorities of respondents in publicopinion surveys continue to tell pollsters, year after year, that our everricher America is still stuck in the middle of a recession. The mounting economic woes of the ‘‘little people’’ may not have been generally recognized by those inside the bubble, or even by many bubble inhabitants who claimed to be economic specialists—but they proved to be potent fuel for the populist fire that raged through American politics in 2016. So general economic conditions for many ordinary Americans—not least of these, Americans who did not fit within the academy’s designated victim classes—have been rather more insecure than those within the comfort of the bubble understood. But the anxiety, dissatisfaction, anger, and despair that range within our borders today are not wholly a reaction to the way our economy is misfiring. On the nonmaterial front, it is likewise clear that many things in our society are going wrong and yet seem beyond our powers to correct. Some of these gnawing problems are by no means new: A number of them (such as family breakdown) can be traced back at least to the 1960s, while others are arguably as old as modernity itself (anomie and isolation in big anonymous communities, secularization and the decline of faith). But a number have roared down upon us by surprise since the turn of the century—and others have redoubled with fearsome new intensity since roughly the year 2000. American health conditions seem to have taken a seriously wrong turn in the new century. It is not just that overall health progress has been shockingly slow, despite the trillions we devote to medical services each year. (Which ‘‘Cold War babies’’ among us would have predicted we’d live to see the day when life expectancy in East Germany was higher than in the United States, as is the case today?) Alas, the problem is not just slowdowns in health progress—there also appears to have been positive retrogression for broad and heretofore seemingly untroubled segments of the national population. A short but electrifying 2015 paper by Anne Case and Nobel Economics Laureate Angus Deaton talked about a mortality trend that had gone almost unnoticed until then: rising death rates for middleaged U.S. whites. By Case and Deaton’s reckoning, death rates rose somewhat slightly over the 1999–2013 period for all nonHispanic white men and women 45–54 years of age—but they rose sharply for those with highschool degrees or less, and for this lesseducated grouping most of the rise in death rates was accounted for by suicides, chronic liver cirrhosis, and poisonings (including drug overdoses). Though some researchers, for highly technical reasons, suggested that the mortality spike might not have been quite as sharp as Case and Deaton reckoned, there is little doubt that the spike itself has taken place. Health has been deteriorating for a significant swath of white America in our new century, thanks in large part to drug and alcohol abuse. All this sounds a little too close for comfort to the story of modern Russia, with its devastating vodka and drugbinging health setbacks. Yes: It can happen here, and it has. Welcome to our new America. In December 2016, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported that for the first time in decades, life expectancy at birth in the United States had dropped very slightly (to 78.8 years in 2015, from 78.9 years in 2014). Though the decline was small, it was statistically meaningful—rising death rates were characteristic of males and females alike; of blacks and whites and Latinos together. (Only black women avoided mortality increases—their death levels were stagnant.) A jump in ‘‘unintentional injuries’’ accounted for much of the overall uptick. It would be unwarranted to place too much portent in a single year’s mortality changes; slight annual drops in U.S. life expectancy have occasionally been registered in the past, too, followed by continued improvements. But given other developments we are witnessing in our new America, we must wonder whether the 2015 decline in life expectancy is just a blip, or the start of a new trend. We will find out soon enough. It cannot be encouraging, though, that the Human Mortality Database, an international consortium of demographers who vet national data to improve comparability between countries, has suggested that health progress in America essentially ceased in 2012—that the U.S. gained on average only about a single day of life expectancy at birth between 2012 and 2014, before the 2015 turndown. The opioid epidemic of pain pills and heroin that has been ravaging and shortening lives from coast to coast is a new plague for our new century. The terrifying novelty of this particular drug epidemic, of course, is that it has gone (so to speak) ‘‘mainstream’’ this time, effecting breakout from disadvantaged minority communities to Main Street White America. By 2013, according to a 2015 report by the Drug Enforcement Administration, more Americans died from drug overdoses (largely but not wholly opioid abuse) than from either traffic fatalities or guns. The dimensions of the opioid epidemic in the real America are still not fully appreciated within the bubble, where drug use tends to be more carefully limited and recreational. In Dreamland, his harrowing and magisterial account of modern America’s opioid explosion, the journalist Sam Quinones notes in passing that ‘‘in one threemonth period’’ just a few years ago, according to the Ohio Department of Health, ‘‘fully 11 percent of all Ohioans were prescribed opiates.’’ And of course many Americans selfmedicate with licit or illicit painkillers without doctors’ orders. In the fall of 2016, Alan Krueger, former chairman of the President’s Council of Economic Advisers, released a study that further refined the picture of the real existing opioid epidemic in America: According to his work, nearly half of all prime workingage male laborforce dropouts—an army now totaling roughly 7 million men—currently take pain medication on a daily basis. We already knew from other sources (such as BLS ‘‘time use’’ surveys) that the overwhelming majority of the primeage men in this unworking army generally don’t ‘‘do civil society’’ (charitable work, religious activities, volunteering), or for that matter much in the way of child care or help for others in the home either, despite the abundance of time on their hands. Their routine, 
instead, typically centers on watching— watching TV, DVDs, Internet, handheld devices, etc.—and indeed watching for an average of 2,000 hours a year, as if it were a full time job. But Krueger’s study adds a poignant and immensely sad detail to this portrait of daily life in 21stcentury America: In our mind’s eye we can now picture many millions of unworking men in the prime of life, out of work and not looking for jobs, sitting in front of screens—stoned. But how did so many millions of unworking men, whose incomes are limited, manage en masse to afford a constant supply of pain medication? Oxycontin is not cheap. As Dreamland carefully explains, one main mechanism today has been the welfare state: more specifically, Medicaid, Uncle Sam’s meanstested healthbenefits program. Here is how it works (we are with Quinones in Portsmouth, Ohio): [The Medicaid card] pays for medicine— whatever pills a doctor deems that the insured patient needs. Among those who receive Medicaid cards are people on state welfare or on a federal disability program known as SSI. . . . If you could get a prescription from a willing doctor—and Portsmouth had plenty of them—Medicaid health insurance cards paid for that prescription every month. For a threedollar Medicaid co pay, therefore, addicts got pills priced at thousands of dollars, with the difference paid for by U.S. and state taxpayers. A user could turn around and sell those pills, obtained for that threedollar copay, for as much as ten thousand dollars on the street. In 21stcentury America, ‘‘dependence on government’’ has thus come to take on an entirely new meaning. You may now wish to ask: What share of primeworkingage men these days are enrolled in Medicaid? According to the Census Bureau’s SIPP survey (Survey of Income and Program Participation), as of 2013, over one fifth (21 percent) of all civilian men between 25 and 55 years of age were Medicaid beneficiaries. For primeage people not in the labor force, the share was over half (53 percent). And for unworking Anglos (nonHispanic white men not in the labor force) of prime working age, the share enrolled in Medicaid was 48 percent. By the way: Of the entire unworking primeage male Anglo population in 2013, nearly threefifths (57 percent) were reportedly collecting disability benefits from one or more government disability program in 2013. Disability checks and meanstested benefits cannot support a lavish lifestyle. But they can offer a permanent alternative to paid employment, and for growing numbers of American men, they do. The rise of these programs has coincided with the death of work for larger and larger numbers of American men not yet of retirement age. We cannot say that these programs caused the death of work for millions upon millions of younger men: What is incontrovertible, however, is that they have financed it—just as Medicaid inadvertently helped finance America’s immense and increasing appetite for opioids in our new century. It is intriguing to note that America’s nationwide opioid epidemic has not been accompanied by a nationwide crime wave (excepting of course the apparent explosion of illicit heroin use). Just the opposite: As best can be told, national victimization rates for violent crimes and property crimes have both reportedly dropped by about twothirds over the past two decades. The drop in crime over the past generation has done great things for the general quality of life in much of America. There is one complication from this drama, however, that inhabitants of the bubble may not be aware of, even though it is all too well known to a great many residents of the real America. This is the extraordinary expansion of what some have termed America’s ‘‘criminal class’’—the population sentenced to prison or convicted of felony offenses—in recent decades. This trend did not begin in our century, but it has taken on breathtaking enormity since the year 2000. Most wellinformed readers know that the U.S. currently has a higher share of its populace in jail or prison than almost any other country on earth, that Barack Obama and others talk of our criminaljustice process as ‘‘mass incarceration,’’ and know that well over 2 million men were in prison or jail in recent years. But only a tiny fraction of all living Americans ever convicted of a felony is actually incarcerated at this very moment. Quite the contrary: Maybe 90 percent of all sentenced felons today are out of confinement and living more or less among us. The reason: the basic arithmetic of sentencing and incarceration in America today. Correctional release and sentenced community supervision (probation and parole) guarantee a steady annual ‘‘flow’’ of convicted felons back into society to augment the very considerable ‘‘stock’’ of felons and exfelons already there. And this ‘‘stock’’ is by now truly enormous. One forthcoming demographic study by Sarah Shannon and five other researchers estimates that the cohort of current and former felons in America very nearly reached 20 million by the year 2010. If its estimates are roughly accurate, and if America’s felon population has continued to grow at more or less the same tempotraced out for the years leading up to 2010, we would expect it to surpass 23 million persons by the end of 2016 at the latest. Very rough calculations might therefore suggest that at this writing, America’s population of noninstitutionalized adults with a felony conviction somewhere in their past has almost certainly broken the 20 million mark by the end of 2016. A little more rough arithmetic suggests that about 17 million men in our general population have a felony conviction somewhere in their CV. That works out to one of every eight adult males in America today. We have to use rough estimates here, rather than precise official numbers, because the government does not collect any data at all on the size or socioeconomic circumstances of this population of 20 million, and never has. Amazing as this may sound and scandalous though it may be, America has, at least to date, effectively banished this huge group—a group roughly twice the total size of our illegalimmigrant population and an adult population larger than that in any state but California—to a neartotal and seemingly unending statistical invisibility. Our excons are, so to speak, statistical outcasts who live in a darkness our polity does not care enough to illuminate—beyond the scope or interest of public policy, unless and until they next run afoul of the law. Thus we cannot describe with any precision or certainty what has become of those who make up our ‘‘criminal class’’ after their (latest) sentencing or release. In the most stylized terms, however, we might guess that their odds in the real America are not all that favorable. And when we consider some of the other trends we have already mentioned—employment, health, addiction, welfare dependence—we can see the emergence of a malign new nationwide undertow, pulling downward against social mobility. Social mobility has always been the jewel in the crown of the American mythosand ethos. The idea (not without a measure of truth to back it up) was that people in America are free to achieve according to their merit and their grit—unlike in other places, where they are trapped by barriers of class or the misfortune of misrule. Nearly two decades into our new century, there are unmistakable signs that America’s fabled social mobility is in trouble—perhaps even in serious trouble. Consider the following facts. First, according to the Census Bureau, geographical mobility in America has been on the decline for three decades, and in 2016 the annual movement of households from one location to the next was reportedly at an alltime (postwar) low. Second, as a study by three Federal Reserve economists and a Notre Dame colleague demonstrated last year, ‘‘labor market fluidity’’—the churning between jobs that among other things allows people to get ahead—has been on the decline in the American labor market for decades, with no sign as yet of a turnaround. Finally, and not least important, a December 2016 report by the ‘‘Equal Opportunity Project,’’ a team led by the formidable Stanford economist Raj Chetty, calculated that the odds of a 30year old’s earning more than his parents at the same age was now just 51 percent: down from 86 percent 40 years ago. Other researchers who have examined the same data argue that the odds may not be quite as low as the Chetty team concludes, but agree that the chances of surpassing one’s parents’ real income have been on the downswing and are probably lower now than ever before in postwar America. Thus the bittersweet reality of life for real Americans in the early 21st century: Even though the American economy still remains the world’s unrivaled engine of wealth generation, those outside the bubble may have less of a shot at the American Dream than has been the case for decades, maybe generations—possibly even since the Great Depression. The funny thing is, people inside the bubble are forever talking about ‘‘economic inequality,’’ that wonderful seminar construct, and forever virtuesignaling about how personally opposed they are to it. By contrast, ‘‘economic insecurity’’ is akin to a phrase from an unknown language. But if we were somehow to find a ‘‘Google Translate’’ function for communicating from real America into the bubble, an important message might be conveyed: The abstraction of ‘‘inequality’’ doesn’t matter a lot to ordinary Americans. The reality of economic insecurity does. The Great American Escalator is broken—and it badly needs to be fixed. With the election of 2016, Americans within the bubble finally learned that the 21st century has gotten off to a very bad start in America. Welcome to the reality. We have a lot of work to do together to turn this around. 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ), a distinguished member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, the other day, a young man who lives in my neighborhood came over, and he asked me to try to teach him how to drive a car. And I told him: Son, it is real easy to drive a car. It is just kind of like these budget proposals you will see in Congress. If you want to go forward and do things down the road, you put the car in D, like Democrat, for drive, and your car will go forward. But if you want to go backwards and reverse back to the 1950s, you put it in R, like a Republican. He learned quick, and that is what these budgets are about. If you want to 
go forward, you go with the Democratic budget—forward on building highways, school construction, broadband expansion; research, research on the deadly diseases that are killing each and every one of us and our children in time to come, and research by the National Institutes of Health that are cut by the budget. There is nothing more important that can be in the budget than moneys for the National Institutes of Health, yet they are being cut. Cancer, Alzheimer’s, AIDS, stroke, diabetes, all are going to come at us and our relatives. Some will say, and I said this one time before, and Mr. Kingston on the other side said: Well, our children and our grandchildren will have to pay for it. Who do you think is going to get the cures and the treatments? Our children and our grandchildren and generations to come. And they cut research. They cut opportunities for America. You talk about taxes and the debt, the Republican plan gives billionaires the biggest cuts in history, over $50 billion with estate tax elimination for people like the Koch brothers and the Waltons and all those folks, and that money will never come back. The alternative minimum tax is eliminated. That is the only thing that made clear that President Trump paid any taxes in the only tax return we know about. If it weren’t for that, he wouldn’t have paid anything. We are talking multimillion and billiondollar tax cuts for the richest that create deficits in the future, but that is okay when it is giving money to those who already have it. Franklin Roosevelt was right. You judge a society not by what it does for those who have an abundance, but you judge it by what it does for those who have the least. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I do want to say to my good friend and colleague from Tennessee that I think the D stands for debt for Democrats, and I think the R stands for Republicans and recovery. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee and the Appropriations Committee. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished chairwoman of the Budget Committee for her outstanding work. My friend from Tennessee talks about driving forward. I think we need to pump the brakes. You are driving right off a cliff with this budget. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. It is my strong belief that our Nation has a debt crisis on its hand, and I am astonished by how many people on the other side of the aisle, Mr. Chairman, just refuse to acknowledge the problem. It is as if the problem doesn’t exist. Under their plan, taxes are going to be raised nearly $3 trillion. We are going to continue to raise spending to the tune of over $6 trillion. We will have a meager $2.6 billion in deficit reduction, by the way, compared to our budget that does well over $6 trillion in deficit reduction. Our Nation is $20 trillion in debt, and it is a complete absurdity to think that we could begin to relinquish this process if we enacted such a burdensome budgetary proposal that is being offered by our friends on the other side of the aisle. This budget would also diminish our national security apparatus. It would end the global war on terrorism fund by 2019. Let’s go ahead and telegraph that we are going to end the global war on terrorism fund by 2019. The only people who I know who would support that would be our adversaries. It seeks to promote the collapsing Affordable Care Act by keeping those burdensome mandates in place. This resolution before us right now refuses to do anything about the runaway entitlement programs that are the primary drivers of the deficit and debt in the country. Mr. Chairman, their budget just will never balance. Never. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SIMPSON ). The time of the gentleman has expired. b1030 Mrs. BLACK. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. WOMACK. It will give no reconciliation instruction so that we can finally get control and protect for long term sustainability the social safety net program that many depend on. The bottom line is, you either acknowledge we have a deficit and a debt crisis, or you do not. And if you believe as I do, you will refuse this budget, and you will support ours. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), a distinguished member of the Agriculture Committee. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, members of the Committee, I rise in support of the Democratic budget alternative and in opposition to the Republican budget that has been proposed. It has been often said that gracious living and good politics is all about gratitude. Paying something forward is how you show your gratitude. Quite frankly, the simple truth about this Republican budget is that it rolls back a century of progress. It sets the stage for the dismantling of Social Security, which lifted more people out of poverty than anything, and for Speaker RYAN’s plan to turn it over to Wall Street. It sets the stage for turning Medicare over to the insurance industry—Medicare that provided our elderly with insurance and life opportunities that heretofore had not existed. This century of progress that this budget rolls back includes clean air and water. It includes healthy, safe working places and conditions. It includes an opportunity society that invests in our people. And guess what? In a little over a century, we doubled life expectancies. Wow, what a marvelous accomplishment. We created the best and biggest middle class in the history of the world. We became a model for the world; jobs with living wages and healthcare benefits and pension benefits. This Republican budget proposes to roll back that entire century of progress. It is nothing about paying it forward. It is nothing about paying things back. It is about rolling back a century of progress, and we can not let that happen. That is what the Democratic budget is really all about, investing in people, investing in infrastructure, investing in America, and investing in people’s jobs and living wages, and in their benefits. That is how you show your gratitude, and we have got a lot to be grateful for. Let’s vote and enact this Democratic budget proposal which invests in America, which invests in people, which invests in opportunities. That is what this debate is really all about. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), who is a member of the Budget Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I saw recently, and I remember Ronald Reagan said something when he finally got his tax reform package done back in 1986—why it took so long and why it was so difficult. And at the end the day, he said: You know, the lawmakers and the policymakers forgot one important factor in their calculations that brought us to this point; they forgot to include what the American people have to say about this. That is what is happening here today, Mr. Chairman. The American people have told us they want economic growth. They want opportunities for their kids and their families, a better quality of life. They want Washington to live within its means and stop taking more and more and more from them out of their paychecks. So let’s do a little bit of comparison. Let’s look at, my colleagues, the Democrat budget. It raises taxes by $2.7 trillion, compared to the CBO January baseline. That is almost $3.8 trillion more than revenue levels in our House Republican budget. It increases spending by $6.2 trillion, compared to the Republican budget over that 10year period. It increases the debt held by the public by $3.9 trillion, almost $4 trillion relative to the House Republican budget. And what is important, Mr. Chair, it never balances. There is not even an attempt to balance; not to mention that there are no reconciliation instructions that would give us an opportunity to deal with healthcare and other economic growth reforms. Mr. Chairman, this is not a responsible budget that is being offered by 
our colleagues on the other side. I urge my colleagues to oppose it and to support the House Republican budget later today. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his astute analysis on what the American people really want. I thank the manager, the chairwoman of this bill, and I acknowledge the position that they take. But what America really wants is for Washington, for America, for the government, to stand by them in their time of need. I am very grateful to be part of a party that is not about politics but is about values. We are the better choice party. We offer a better deal on this project that we have worked so hard on called the American budget. The American budget, in contrast to our friends on the other side of the aisle, recognizes, as I visited the National Institutes for Health, that 80 percent of their budget that we are going to lose goes for research and researchers—looking those researchers in the eyes when they explain the research in medical science to help save lives, and to know that the Republican budget cuts the NIH, the Centers for Disease Control, and takes up the TrumpCare that cuts trillions in Medicaid and $500 billion in Medicare. That is the story of this bill. Then, as my good friend from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) indicated, we invest in infrastructure, and we help this young man, not only with his healthcare but with education. Do we realize how many jobs go unable to find individuals in this country? Hundreds of thousands because of the lack of training. So if my friends want growth, you know how you get growth? You invest in the American people. Or you tell the American people when tragedies strike, whether it is the Virgin Islands, or Puerto Rico, or Florida, or Texas, or tragically, in Nevada, that you will stand by them. You provide them with the infrastructure to be able to overcome. Not the Republican budget, because the Republican budget is giving trillions in tax cuts, and the distribution of those moneys will not see the front door of lowincome, moderateincome, middle class working Americans. That is the distinction between the Democratic budget. It increases opportunity through a higher minimum wage. It believes in equal pay for equal work. It knows that immigration reform will bring in billions of dollars. It will create opportunities for work. Then, of course, we know that the Democratic budget strengthens our healthcare, and it provides that her Social Security, her Medicare, will not be in jeopardy. The Medicare trust fund will not lose with a Republican budget and the trillions of dollars of tax cuts, her life, as she continues to seek some balance of good life will be lost. We are the right direction. We are for the American people. We are standing by the American people with the Democratic budget. I ask my colleagues to vote for the Democratic alternative. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Tennessee, the chair of the Budget Committee, for the wonderful work she has done on bringing us to this position. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this substitute amendment. As chair of the Education and the Workforce Committee, my priority this Congress is to ensure that our policies promote a climate of job creation through economic growth, a sound fiscal policy, and a global economic competitiveness. Our budget helps achieve all of these priorities by laying the foundation for a robust and comprehensive simplification of our burdensome Tax Code. The Democrat substitute not only fails to do so but would decimate America’s workforce. Our budget reforms our broken Tax Code so that it works for every American at every income level, regardless of where they live or how much money they earn. The top U.S. tax rate for individuals has been as high as 90 percent and as low as 28 percent. At the same time, income tax revenue has remained fairly steady, despite these sharp rate swings. It turns out that the biggest driver of Federal revenue is not higher tax rates but economic growth. In fact, a sizeable majority of economists point out that a broad base and low rates are key in a tax system that fosters economic growth and competitiveness. Legislators on both sides of the aisle agree on this basic principle, and history has shown it to be true. Instead of raising taxes, we should, instead, embrace the policies contained in this budget resolution that encourages economic growth, like reducing regulatory burdens, welfare reform, and comprehensive tax reform for all individuals, not just a select few. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ), a member of our Budget Committee. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise, as well, in opposition to the substitute amendment, and I do so because I am struck by the ways in which you can, at times, agree on the diagnosis but disagree on the cure. I think we would all agree, Republicans and Democrats alike, that we have a real problem in the way that wages have indeed stagnated over the last 30 years. A lot of my Democratic colleagues are nailing it in terms of that diagnosis. The question though, is the cure. And the question there is: Can we fix that problem by raising taxes by $2.7 trillion? Can we fix that problem by increasing spending by $6.2 trillion? Can we fix that problem by increasing the debt by $3.9 trillion and, in essence, having a budget that never balances? I would argue, no, and I would say, instead, what we have to look at is the basics, which we have been dancing around, which is the mathematic formula that says: Savings drives investment, which drives productivity gain which, ultimately, impacts standard of living or wages. And what we don’t focus on enough is this notion of the investment part of investment; if you want to increase productivity, you have got to increase investment. In fairness to my Democratic colleagues, part of that is public investment, but another part is private. What my colleague from Virginia was just getting at a moment ago was, for 50 years, regardless of tax rate, 90 or 28 percent, the take to government has been about 18 percent of GDP very consistently. So what I would argue is we, indeed, need more public investment, but we also need private investment to go with it. And if we don’t watch out, what is being contemplated with this Democratic substitute is a process that will ultimately crowd out that much more in the way of private investment so key to increasing productivity. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky has 31⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 1
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, in closing, it is clear that we have a very different budget and a very different understanding of the challenges facing our country. We see that so many Americans are working harder and longer and can’t remember the last time they got a raise. We know families are worried about how to pay for college, or if their parents’ retirement is secure, or if they will ever be able to afford to stop working. And we know that trillions of dollars in tax cuts for millionaires and large corporations will turn these fears of hardworking Americans families into reality. b1045 Just a few minutes ago, my Republican colleague from Ohio talked about what the American people want. On many of those things, we agree. But I know one thing the American people don’t want. They don’t want massive tax cuts for the top 1 percent of Americans. The Democratic budget rejects tax cuts for the wealthy. We invest in programs that will grow our economy, create goodpaying jobs, provide real support for working families and real security in retirement. We make education 
and childcare more affordable, and we support policies to help every American get the healthcare that they need. Those are the priorities of our budget, and they are the priorities of the American people. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to support the Democratic alternative, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I look into my children’s and grandchildren’s eyes, and I say: I want you to know that right now you owe $63,000 for your part of the debt of this country. What we are doing in Congress right now, if we were to vote on and accept this amendment, we would be increasing that burden on our children and grandchildren. I, for one, cannot do that, and I think that we have got to be responsible. We have got to look at how we in this country can get back to the place, as has already been said, that we ask families and businesses to do, and that is to live within their means. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 156, noes 268, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—268 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—9 
Bridenstine DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Kihuen Murphy (PA) Napolitano Rosen Titus Walz 
b1111 Ms. SINEMA, Messrs. GAETZ, MARSHALL, MAST, BANKS of Indiana, and FRANKS of Arizona changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mses. VELA´ZQUEZ, WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Messrs. KEATING, and CARSON of Indiana changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment in the nature of a substitute was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. WALORSKI ). Pursuant to the rule, it is now in order to consider a final period of general debate, which shall not exceed 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget. The gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) and the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ) each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ), who is a member of the Budget Committee. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chairman, I appreciate the hard work the Budget Committee has put forth to produce a budget that prioritizes our national defense and sets forth bold policy reforms that will get this country back on track to fiscal responsibility. Specifically, I am pleased to see that this budget commits to reducing the substantial amount of improper payments throughout the Federal Government. The Government Accountability Office estimates that there were $144 billion—I want to emphasize $144 billion—in improper payments in 2016 alone, and that is not even a complete estimate. In fact, 18 Federal programs did not report their improper payments, so the total is undoubtedly higher. To make matters worse, since 2013, the amount we have been incorrectly sending out has been trending upwards. Instead of reducing our fraudulent payments, the rate at which we pay them out has been increasing. Since 2003, there has been a total of $1.2 trillion in improper payments. Let me repeat, that is $1.2 trillion plus interest. b1115 Because we have been running deficits over that timeframe, we have literally had to borrow that money to send it to fraudsters and others who 
would not have received it. This is unacceptable. As you can see from this chart, this represents improper payments for 2016 alone. It is money borrowed that we pay interest on to send to people who are not supposed to get it. We are borrowing money and adding to our debt through improper payments. This budget, for the first time, sets forth a bold strategy for cutting these payments in half over the budget window, saving us $700 billion over our 10 year window. While I hope, in the near future, we can zero these payments out, I am thrilled to see that we are beginning to tackle a problem that is putting an additional strain on this country’s fiscal problems. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this budget. Mr. YARMUTH. Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself 4 minutes. Madam Chairwoman, I suppose I should be saying thank you. I will get a huge tax cut under the Republican tax cut plan, as well the majority of those people sitting here—the majority of our colleagues in Congress—who are, like me, fortunate enough to be millionaires already. Forgive me if I am in no mood to say thank you, because I was elected not just to represent millionaires, but to represent aspiring millionaires, working families, seniors, and veterans. For all of them, for anyone who isn’t already a millionaire, this budget is a slap in the face. With all of the problems facing our country right now, all the people struggling to get ahead, it is unfathomable to me that this Congress could look at people like me and say: Hey, that guy, let’s give him more money. In fact, let’s give all millionaires hundreds of thousands of dollars in tax cuts. Really, I am small potatoes. President Trump, according to his financial disclosure, will get hundreds of millions of dollars in tax cuts. Where is all that money coming from? If you are listening to this and you are not a millionaire, probably from you. To pay for our own tax cuts and the tax cuts for wealthy donors, Republicans are going to increase taxes on 45 percent of American families with children. That is just the start. Seniors, people with disabilities, and lowincome families will see their healthcare cut. Poor seniors will lose benefits that help them keep food on the table and their homes heated in the winter. Veteran benefits, meals for hungry schoolchildren, programs that make education affordable and job training available, investments that generate economic growth and create goodpaying jobs are all at risk in this budget. They are also cutting corporate tax rates, which we will be paying for by plunging our Nation into deeper and deeper debt, giving multinational giants another advantage over small and midsize businesses in the name of perpetuating the myth of supplyside economics. Supplyside failed. They renamed it trickledown, but nothing trickled down. Now it is job creators. When that fails, maybe they will call it ‘‘I get mine now; you get yours later— maybe.’’ But whatever they name it, it is a sham. This plan is a hoax on the American people, and it will make most people’s lives more difficult. So forgive me if I am in no mood to say thank you for the extra money in my pocket. With millions of Americans struggling and scraping to get ahead, and with my tax cut increasing their challenges, I cannot begin to justify my extra money, and, quite frankly, I cannot fathom how my Republican colleagues are able to justify theirs. With this budget, Republicans aren’t just passing the buck, they are pocketing it. Madam Chair, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Republican budget. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished minority leader. Ms. PELOSI. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank him for his great leadership as the ranking member on the Budget Committee in the House, and I thank all of the members of the Budget Committee for their great work to make the budget that was proposed earlier, the Yarmuth budget, a statement of our values. That is exactly what a budget should be. A Federal budget should be a statement of our national values, and what is important to us as a country should be reflected in the priorities that we place into that budget. The budget before us, proposed by the Republicans, is just the opposite of that. It is accompanied by a tax proposal that they put in, one of the biggest transfers of wealth to the wealthiest people in our country in our country’s history. Every time they do it, they make it worse. I let you be the judge: Is a statement of our national values to cut a trillion dollars from Medicaid, cap and take Medicaid down a bad path, in order to give tax cuts to the richest people in our country? Is it a statement of our values to take a half trillion dollars out of Medicare to give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in our country? Our distinguished ranking member has listed some of the things that would be cut if we went down this unfortunate path posed by our colleagues on the other side. This is a budget that steals from the middle class. It steals hundreds of billions of dollars from critical jobcreating, wageincreasing investments, infrastructure, job training, and clean energy. It harms veterans, it cuts education, it abandons rural America, and it guts education. This is really a mystery to me. When you cut education, with the stiff competition we have, this is one of the worst budget decisions that you have made. Nothing brings more money to the Treasury than investing in education: early childhood, K–12, higher education, postgraduate, and lifetime learning for our workers. That is how you grow the economy. That is how you bring money to the Treasury, and not by cutting it in order to give tax cuts to the wealthiest people in our country. Is it a statement of values to cut education so that you have a tax cut that benefits 80 percent? I know you don’t want the public to hear this, and I can understand why. How could it be a statement of the values of the American people to cut the education of our children in order to have a tax cut where 80 percent of it benefits the top 1 percent of people in our country? It is just not right. As they do that, the deficit hawks, who seem to be an endangered species on the Republican side of the aisle these days, are adding close to $2.4 trillion to the deficit, not counting debt service or interest on that national debt. Then they say: Oh, that is okay; we need to increase the national debt by trillions of dollars so that we can give tax cuts. Where do the tax cuts go? $2.6 trillion goes to corporate America. Guess what happens to the middle class. There are $470 billion in tax increases to the middle class, about a half trillion dollars in increases to the middle class, $2.5 trillion in tax cuts for corporate America. Again, it is adding so much to the deficit. Now they say: Oh, trickledown economics is going to pay its own way. We will get that money back. Not so. It never happens. Nonsense. But don’t take it from me. No less a figure than Bruce Bartlett, who worked for Congressman Jack Kemp, a real supporter of supplyside economics— and, as was said, supplyside turn into trickledown, et cetera. As a proponent of supplyside economics, he said: We never said it would pay for itself. We just advocate it as an economic approach. But anyone who says, and this is from him, that the whole supplyside dynamic scoring pays for itself—part of this argument—is all nonsense. It is not true. He went on to say that it was bull—you finish the sentence. So, here we are at a place where we can increase the deficit, decrease job creation, hurt the middle class, benefit the top 1 percent, and add to the national debt in historic proportions that will be very hard to collect from deficit hawks—if any of you exist over there. Instead, we have an opportunity today for a better deal for the American people—better jobs, better pay, better wages, and a better future— where we lower costs for America’s working families and middle class families, and where we prepare them with the tools for the economy of the 21st century. 
I thank the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky, the chair of the Bourbon Caucus, for his great leadership in bringing a better budget that is a statement of our national values, that supports American workers with responsible tax reform, calls for parity between defense and nondefense, and strengthens the ACA and protects Medicare. Every time the Republicans come to the floor and try to stack the deck even further for their wealthy friends, we have to have this conversation. Democrats will fight these tax cuts and this unfortunate, deceptive budget that they have on the floor. I urge my colleagues to start by voting ‘‘no’’ today and to continue the conversation with the American people to fight this unfortunate path they want to take us down: the road to ruin. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. YARMUTH. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Chairman, I am going to be brief in my closing comments. I do want to ask my colleague to consider this: Are we proud of a country where we are leaving our children and grandchildren in further and further debt? During our discussion in this Chamber, we have shared our ideas for building a better America, an America that we would be proud to entrust to future generations. While it requires confronting real challenges along the road ahead, it is, undoubtedly, worth the journey. First, our budget forces the Federal Government to live within its means, just like hardworking Americans and small businesses do on a daily basis. Second, our budget identifies wasteful spending and finds muchneeded savings and reforms for unsustainable mandatory spending. In fact, our committee has put forward the largest reform package for mandatory programs that has been seen in 20 years. Third, it calls for a robust funding of our military, ensuring the resources that will allow us to be ready and protect our mainland. It also starts the process of restoring our military readiness, which suffered dramatically during the Obama administration. Finally, our budget is the golden key that unlocks progrowth tax reform and takes us one step further to the great ideas unveiled in the framework last week. Without question, our budget plan reflects American values and shared priorities. I urge my colleagues to join me in their support for a win for all Americans, because doing so will begin to ensure a brighter and better future for generations to come, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 553, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) having assumed the chair, Mrs. WALORSKI , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, and, pursuant to House Resolution 553, she reported the concurrent resolution back to the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. The question is adoption of the concurrent resolution. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Members will record their votes by electronic device. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on adoption of the concurrent resolution will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 219, nays 206, not voting 9, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—206 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bridenstine DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Kihuen Murphy (PA) Napolitano Rosen Titus Walz 
b1148 Mr. HOYER changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the concurrent resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent during roll call votes No. 556 through 557 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on the Yarmuth of Kentucky Substitute Amendment No. 4, and no on final passage of the Budget Resolution. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House on account of Columbus Day. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. In addition, the House will consider S. 585, the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act, sponsored by Senator RONJOHNSON . Dr. Kirkpatrick was a psychologist who was fired from the VA medical center where he worked after raising concerns about patients’ medications. He committed suicide the day he was fired. This bill will enhance whistleblower protections while ensuring supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers are punished. I look forward to the House passing this bill and continuing our work to fundamentally change the culture of the VA. Mr. Speaker, I also expect the House to make a motion to go to conference on the National Defense Authorization Act. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I expect the House to consider an additional supplemental package to assist the ongoing recovery efforts following Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. I would ask him, Mr. Speaker, will the supplemental that the gentleman mentioned—which is, as I understand, approximately $29 billion, which will take care of forest fires in the West; $16 billion, as I understand it, in debt relief, which will raise the borrowing level for FEMA; and then, of course, money directly for the victims of the hurricanes. Can the gentleman tell me whether or not there will be any, what I will call, extraneous matters that might be controversial, or will this be a straight supplemental without controversy? We all want to make sure that we have the resources to help. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman is correct. The White House has sent up a supplemental, and I do not believe this will be the last of the supplementals, based on the damage that has been done from the numerous hurricanes. But, yes, there will be more money for the Disaster Relief Fund to help throughout Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. As you know, too, the West had devastating forest fires, so there is roughly $577 million there. And the National Flood Insurance Program has hit a ceiling. To deal with all of the flooding that has gone on, we have to deal with that, as well. The Appropriations Committee has just received that last night. They are working through it now. I don’t intend on seeing other things with it. I look forward to the Member working with me on that to make sure we get it right from what the President has asked. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his thought that there will not be anything in there that would make it a partisan bill. I think, as the President sent it down, it is, obviously, something that we need to do quickly and in a bipartisan way. Mr. Speaker, the majority leader and I have talked about the Dream Act. Another week has gone by and, therefore, the 6month deadline is closer, and the President has urged us to pass legislation. Can the gentleman tell me what the expectations are to address the Dream Act? As you know, MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM, the chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, has filed a discharge petition on the bill sponsored by LUCILLE ROYBAL ALLARD and I LEANA ROS LEHTINEN . Can the gentleman tell me what progress we are making on that? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Yes, we are dealing with the DACA situation and the situation along the border. As you know, the Speaker has put together a task force. They have met numerous times. I have had dinner with the President just this week dealing with this issue, and you and I have talked, as well. I think the best way to solve this problem, to make sure we get to the root cause, we have to secure the border, we have to deal with DACA, and, more importantly, I think we do it in a manner where we are all working together. I am, as you know, not a fan of a discharge petition. I think the best way to handle this is continuing to work through the matter with the committees—and on your side of the aisle, as well—to solve this problem. The President gave us 6 months. I would like to get this done before then. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his answer. Let me, if I might, Mr. Speaker, simply suggest to the gentleman, we certainly understand, and this side agrees, we want to have secure borders. There is, obviously, a disagreement on the President’s proposal of a wall, I think, frankly, on your side as well as on my side of the aisle. I would hope that we would not, in effect, hold hostage the 800,000 students, workers, and young people brought here as children who know no other country. In my discussions with Mr. RYAN, and his public comments have indicated, he is sympathetic to making sure that we address that issue. He urged, as you know, President Trump not to rescind DACA. The President did anyway. I am hopeful that we can deal with the DREAMers, which I think certainly has very robust support on both sides of the aisle, in my view, Mr. Leader. I hope we can deal with that without clouding it with an issue, i.e., the wall. Not security; security I think we can reach agreement on. But I am hopeful that we can do that. The DREAMers are extraordinarily anxious. I presume you have met with some of the DREAMers. They are really very impressive people and are enhancing our communities and our country. So I would hope that we could do that. I look forward to talking to you personally about how we move forward and, hopefully, move quickly. I would like to have done it by next week. As you know, I said that it would be nice to do it in this work period, to lay to rest the anxiety of the 800,000plus people who will be affected. But, if we can’t do that, certainly I would hope that we could do it shortly after we get back after the next district work period. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW, AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 2017, TO TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 2017 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. tomorrow; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
b1200 BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Every day, nearly 1,000 women in this country receive a lifechanging diagnosis that they will be affected by breast cancer. Nearly 200,000 of these diagnoses occur each year. One in eight women in our country will face breast cancer. Breast cancer has a devastating effect on our families, taking away wives, mothers, aunts, uncles, sisters, and daughters. I wish I was a brilliant scientist and could develop a cure. I wish I was a magician and could wave a magic wand and cure breast cancer, but I am just a Member of Congress. Actually, there are things this Congress could do to make breast cancer less likely, less deadly, and less painful. Cannabis has shown promise in cancer research for over 2 decades. This research finally came to fruition in 2007, when Dr. Sean McAllister showed that cannabisrelated compounds helped fight malignant forms of breast cancer. In the decade since, other research has confirmed and built on Dr. McAllister’s findings, and there is now conclusive research that shows that cannabisrelated compounds have antitumor properties. Yet, despite these findings, scientists are going too slow. It is time for cannabis research to begin, and we should declassify it as a schedule I drug. 
LOCKING PEOPLE UP WITHOUT DUE PROCESS IS UNAMERICAN (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, this week, Congressman ADAM SMITH and I introduced the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act. This legislation is critical to dismantle President Trump’s mass deportation machine, to protect families, and to restore justice and due process to our broken immigration system. Our detention system brings huge profits for large private corporations. About 38,000 people are detained every single day at a cost to taxpayers of over $2 billion a year. Mr. Speaker, this bill is about two things: dignity and justice for families, pregnant women, people with serious illnesses, survivors of torture and violence. It is unconscionable that we are detaining these people sometimes for months or even years. Congress can’t afford to sit on the sidelines anymore. It is time to make clear that locking people up without due process is not only unconstitutional, it is unAmerican. At a time when net migration is zero, when DREAMers are at risk of losing their DACA status, and the world reels from unprecedented numbers of refugees fleeing for their lives, we must act with compassion. I urge my colleagues to pass the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act, and I thank the over 55 cosponsors who have already come on to this piece of legislation. f 
GUN CONTROL DOESN’T WORK (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, within minutes of the tragic shooting in Las Vegas, Democrats and the liberal media called for more gun control measures. A recent Washington Post oped describes how one gun control advocate researched restrictive gun laws in Great Britain and in Australia, only to discover that gun buybacks and gun bans do not reduce mass shootings or gunrelated crimes. She said: ‘‘The case for the’’—gun control—‘‘policies I had lobbied for crumbled when I examined the evidence. . . . But I can’t endorse policies whose only selling point is that gun owners hate them. Policies that often seem as if they were drafted by people who have encountered guns only as a figure in a briefing book or an image on the news.’’ This researcher concluded that more lives would be saved by focusing on individuals instead of guns. We should ensure that background checks work as intended and prevent those with mental health issues from acquiring guns. This actually will do some good, as opposed to meaningless gun regulations. CONGRESS MUST REAUTHORIZE THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the swift reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. CHIP helps families provide care for their children. Throughout our Nation, it covers 9 million children and pregnant women. In California, it covers 2 million children. And in my district, half of the kids get their healthcare from Medicaid or CHIP. Now, CHIP was implemented over 20 years ago, championed by two Senators on opposite sides of the political spectrum, ORRIN HATCH and Ted Kennedy, and it has continued to receive strong bipartisan support. But because of inaction by the House of Representatives, because of the distractions by this administration, millions of our children may be denied coverage. They may not get to see their doctors for routine checkups. With the upcoming flu season, kids may not be able to get the necessary care when they are sick, and children with allergies may not have access to lifesaving medications and health services. If this Congress does not step up to fix this mistake before it is too late, children will pay the price of our inaction. Congress must take action to come together to pass CHIP for the millions of kids who continue to depend on us for this healthcare. 
HELP IS ON THE WAY TO PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN ISLANDS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I sit as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs that deals directly with the jurisdiction of Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, and other territories of the U.S. We had a very good briefing this week led by JENNIFFER GONZA´LEZ COLO´Nfrom Puerto Rico, as well as STACEY PLASKETT of the Virgin Islands. It was very important information. As we all know of the difficult situation, especially we are seeing so much in Puerto Rico as well as the Virgin Islands; President Trump visiting Puerto Rico this week. Help is on the way. Indeed, it has been on the way, and we need to just keep pushing to rebuild that infrastructure and push out into the islands where the need is still felt. So we know, we see, we are aware, and we will keep working to achieve positive results in the short term as well, as we look at the situation with Puerto Rico and the difficulty with PREPA, the power company, and other 
issues that we will address as a committee in order to have a longterm, positive solution for the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico and what they need. 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO BEGIN WORK ON GUN SAFETY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, many of us will be going home to our districts, facing constituents who will be asking the question: Why? It really is painful when fellow Americans lose their lives. It is painful as we watch our soldiers go off into battle, and many of them do not come home in any other way but as a fallen soldier. This past week, Americans, who were not in battle but were enjoying the life and the liberty of this Nation, fell by a murderous actor. I think we will have to go home and comfort our constituents, and we will also tell them what we are going to do. I don’t know why we have to climb this high mountain of understanding that laws can make a difference; not end all violence, but make a difference: legislation that says that guns have to be locked to save the lives of children; gun legislation that deals with banning armorpiercing bullets that would harm and injure our first responders; and then to get rid of the kits that this murderous individual utilized to make a semiautomatic an automatic. Mr. Speaker, I ask this Congress, together, to begin to do work on gun safety that will save American lives. I go home to my district to meet with my constituents, and I am going to tell them that I am going to do something that makes sense for the American people. 
UNDERSTANDING WHAT LATE TERM ABORTION IS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, the Chamber took up H.R. 36, a bill dealing with paincapable unborn children; and a bill that, in its result, would cause the United States to join the vast bulk of nations in the world wherein the termination of lives of children who are not only capable of feeling pain, but under what we understand to be the best science may, in fact, feel more pain because of the density of the nerve tissue, as they are in this roughly fifth month of development. I guess four times in the brief time that I have been in this building, we have seen the Chamber erupt into applause, oftentimes over partisanperceived victories. The first time the Chamber erupted into applause is when my colleagues across the aisle were giddy with joy when a bill that would have ensured that the Department of Defense didn’t spend money to perform transgender procedures on soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines failed in the form of an amendment. Another had to do with healthcare. Another had to do with the return of Majority Whip STEVE SCALISE. That was indeed a bipartisan eruption in applause. Then there was an eruption from this side of the Chamber when H.R. 36 passed, as there was a recognition that lateterm abortion is barbaric and counter to the ideas put forth to the world when, in the Declaration of Independence, it was written that we hold certain truths to be selfevident, and among those was life. Too many people have failed to grasp the nature of what lateterm abortion is, yet to grapple with the problem will require to understand what exactly that problem is. So to look at the other six nations in the world that allow the termination of life after 5 months, we see nations like Vietnam, North Korea, China, and the United States. Then to listen to the doctors who have performed these procedures describe in what was literally excruciating detail how the procedure is performed, that an instrument is inserted into the uterus, and probing is done until something is found, and the instrument is latched on, and then there is pulling, and out comes an arm or a leg or a piece of a head or a torso. Then, in fact, that unborn child, who science tells us can feel pain, dies by virtue of bleeding to death inside its very host. That is the nature of these procedures. Estimates tell us that if the United States joined the fast bulk of the nations on the planet in outlawing late term abortions, somewhere between 14,000 and 20,000 children every year wouldn’t experience an unspeakable demise of literally being ripped from their host limb by limb and bleeding to death, all whilst, in the best estimates of scientists, feeling the pain of that death. To put that in terms of Virginia’s Fifth District, that is the population of Cumberland County twice every year, roughly. So there was applause from the Members who saw that the United States would join the ranks of the civilized nations in the world who put appropriate value on life, Mr. Speaker, and disappointment from some on the other side of the aisle, other than a few brave individuals to be distinguished by departing from the herd and recognizing the value and sanctity of life thereto, and immediate news stories about how H.R. 36 was dead on arrival in the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, it is my sincere hope that the American people will not let that be the case. I often speak of the history of the Fifth District of Virginia that gave us great Americans like Booker T. Washington and Barbara Johns, Thomas Jefferson, John Marshall, James Madison, James Monroe, and Patrick Henry. As I thought about how to best address the need for action in the other Chamber, Mr. Speaker, I determined that there were no better words than those delivered by Patrick Henry from Virginia, slightly amended, on March 23, 1775, in St. John’s Cathedral as he addressed the second Virginia Assembly in Richmond, Virginia. So with all credit to the author, whom I paraphrase, I would read: Mr. Speaker, no man thinks more highly than I do of the patriotism and abilities of the very worthy people who have served and do serve in this Senate. b1215 But different people often see the same subject in different lights; and, therefore, I hope it will not be a thought disrespectful to those Senators if entertaining, as I do, opinions of a character very opposite of many of theirs, I shall speak forth of my sentiments freely and without reserve. This is no time for ceremony. The question before the Senate is one of an awful consequence to this country. For my part, I consider it nothing less than a question of life or death, and in proportion to the magnitude of the subject, ought to be the freedom of debate. It is only in this way that we can hope to arrive at truth and fulfill the great responsibility which we hold to our creator and country. Should I keep back my opinions at such times through a fear of giving offense or political loss? I should consider myself guilty of treason and of cowardice, an act of disloyalty towards the majesty of our creator, who I revere above all earthly kings. Mr. Speaker, it is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope. We are apt to shut our eyes against painful truth and listen to the song of the siren until she transforms us into beasts. Is this the role of wise people engaged in a great and arduous struggle for life? Are we disposed to be of the number of those who, having eyes, see not, and having ears, hear not the things which so nearly concern their temporal salvation? For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the whole truth, to know the worst, and to provide for it. I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience, of history. I have no way of judging the future but by the past. In judging the past, I wish to know for what has been the conduct of the abortion industry for the last 44 years to justify those hopes with which gentlemen are pleased to solace themselves. The Senate, is that insidious smile which our petition has been received lately? Trust it not, sir. It will prove a snare at your feet. Suffer not yourselves to be betrayed with the promise 
of later action. Ask yourselves how this gracious reception of our petition comports with these nearly 60 million lives lost in this country alone, which cover our waters and darken our lands. Is taking an unborn life a work of love and reconciliation? Is subjecting to pain a 5monthold child as no other nation save six on the Earth allowed to happen? Let us not deceive ourselves. These are the implements of death and destruction. I ask what means this perpetual delay of voting? What is its purpose? What is the force of inaction? Can gentlemen assign another possible motive for it than to ensure that it never occurs? Destruction? No, sir, destruction. They are set to send and perpetuate this loss of life, and have so long supported this loss of life, and now an opportunity presents itself to vote, and what do we have to oppose inaction? Mr. Speaker, we have our voices. Shall we try again and again? Shall we bring this bill back next year? We have been trying that for 40 years. Have we anything new to offer upon the subject? Nothing. We have held this subject in every light of which it is capable. It has all been, to this date, in vain. Shall we resort to entreaty and supplication? What terms shall we find that have not already been exhausted? Let us not, I beseech you, Mr. Speaker, deceive ourselves. We have done everything that we could do to avert this death that has claimed nearly 60 million lives and 14 to 20 million unborn lives after the age of 5 months in utero every single year. We have petitioned, we have remonstrated, we have supplicated, we have prostrated ourselves and have implored its inner position to arrest the tyrannical hands of the abortion industry and its champions in Washington, and our petitions have been slighted. Our remonstrations produce additional death and insult. Our supplications have been disregarded, and we have been spurned with contempt from the floor of the Chamber of the opposing body. In vain these things we may indulge the fond hope of life and justice. If we support life, if we mean to preserve and violate this fundamental right for which we have been so long arguing, if we mean not basely to abandon this noble struggle which we have been so long engaged in, in which we have pledged ourselves to never abandon until the glorious object of our contest shall be obtained, we must hope the American people demand the Senate hold a vote. We must hope the American people demand the Senate hold a vote. An appeal to democracy and to the Lord of hosts is all that is left to us. Suffer not yourselves to be betrayed with a promise of later action. Ask yourselves how this gracious reception of our petition comports with the nearly 60 million lives ended. We can be heard in numbers across the fruited plain. A vote should be held for or against life. Let us have it. Let us have it. In this vein, sir, to extenuate the matter, gentlemen may cry: Later; later; next year. But there is no later. The killing has continued for over 40 years. The next gale that sweeps to the North will bring to our ears cries of the yet born. The House has voted. Why is the Senate idle? What is it that they wish? What would they have? Is political victory so dear or a title so sweet as to be purchased at the price of human life? Forbid it, Almighty God. Mr. Speaker, I know not what course others may take, but as for me, my hope is that there is a vote. My hope is that we stand for life. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for October 4 after 8 p.m. and for the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. Ms. ROSEN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of work in district relating to tragic shooting in Las Vegas. 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 178. An act to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. S. 652. A act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hardofhearing newborns, infants, and young children. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, October 6, 2017, at 10:30 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2989. A bill to establish the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 340). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. D ELBENE (for herself, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Ms. NORTON , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. H ECK, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. EVANS , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, and Ms. BONAMICI ): H.R. 3963. A bill to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to encourage the employment of veterans in manufacturing positions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. MACARTHUR , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico): H.R. 3964. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to establish additional registration requirements for prescribers of opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself and Mr. LAWSON of Florida): H.R. 3965. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eligible organizations for the provision of transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces recently separated from active duty service and spouses of such members; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 3966. A bill to provide that provisions of title 46, United States Code, popularly 
known as the Jones Act and relating to carriage of passenger and merchandise in coastwise trade shall not apply for 5 years with respect to such carriage to and from Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 3967. A bill to amend the Solid Waste Disposal Act to authorize States to restrict interstate waste imports and impose a higher fee on outofState waste; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. E VANS , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 3968. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide loan guarantees for the acquisition of cybersecurity technology and services by eligible small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Mr. NORCROSS ): H.R. 3969. A bill to amend title 11, United States Code, to include certain pension as administrative expenses in bankruptcy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 3970. A bill to assist communities affected by stranded nuclear waste, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. TENNEY (for herself, Mr. SHERMAN, and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): H.R. 3971. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial institutions with respect to certain rules relating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3972. A bill to clarify that family offices and family clients are accredited investors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself and Mr. SHERMAN ): H.R. 3973. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require certain entities to develop internal risk control mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of market data; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 3974. A bill to limit the use of taxpayer dollars on noncommercial flights for cabinet officials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CORREA (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3975. A bill to require covered entities to provide notification in the case of a breach of unsecured sensitive personally identifiable information in electronic or digital form, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. C OOK, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. BRAT, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 3976. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to allow for certain third party payments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 3977. A bill to establish the Infrastructure Bank for America to serve as a lender for infrastructure projects, both directly and through State and local governments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. KIHUEN ): H.R. 3978. A bill to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G RAVES  of Louisiana, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California): H.R. 3979. A bill to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer services, community partnership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for himself, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. E VANS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. NORTON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. R USH, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. KEATING , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. COHEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. S HEAPORTER, and Mr. K HANNA ): H.R. 3980. A bill to establish a United States Commission on Hate Crimes to study and make recommendations on the prevention of the commission of hate crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 3981. A bill to establish a cost of greenhouse gases for carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide to be used by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 3982. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the amount of, and remove the marriage penalty with respect to, social security benefits excludable from gross income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3983. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to remove the statue to the memory and in honor of Albert Pike erected near Judiciary Square in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. COHEN , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. SIRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H.R. 3984. A bill to repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, and provide for the discoverability and admissibility of gun trace information in civil proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TROTT (for himself and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 3985. A bill to establish a working group of public and private entities led by the Food and Drug Administration to recommend voluntary frameworks and guidelines to increase the security and resilience of Internet of Medical Things devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Mr. S ERRANO ): H.R. 3986. A bill to provide for the establishment of a national standard for incorporating a passive identification ability into all firearms sold in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 3987. A bill to reduce gun violence, fund gun violence research and victim assistance, and enhance the tracking of lost and stolen firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 3988. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow abovetheline deductions for charitable contributions for individuals not itemizing deductions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H. Res. 558. A resolution recognizing October 7th as National Trigeminal Neuralgia Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. RUSH, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. B OST, and Mr. L IPINSKI): H. Res. 559. A resolution recognizing Navy Pier as a public community resource and treasured Chicago landmark; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. W ITTMAN , 
Mr. K IND, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. KIHUEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. V ELA, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. SABLAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. HUFFMAN , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H. Res. 560. A resolution encouraging observance of National Wildlife Refuge Week with appropriate events and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
128. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No. 82, strongly denouncing and opposing the violent terrorism, totalitarian impulses, xenophobic biases, and bigoted ideologies that are promoted by radical hate groups and declare these groups to be domestic terrorist organizations; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 60: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. KILMER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, and Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 389: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 559: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 785: Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. N ORMAN, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 807: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 850: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 930: Mr. MESSER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. A RRINGTON , and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 936: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. ESHOO , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. TIPTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 1318: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1405: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1474: Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 1475: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 1552: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 1568: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 1626: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 1651: Mr. HUDSON and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 1655: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 1676: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 1683: Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. HARPER , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 1832: Ms. ROSEN and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1898: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 1919: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 1953: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 2004: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 2092: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 2095: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2259: Mr. JONES . H.R. 2295: Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 2436: Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. MENG, and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 2472: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2482: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2583: Mr. NADLER and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2687: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 2690: Ms. PINGREE and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2712: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 2740: Mr. WELCH and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 2832: Mr. WOMACK , Mr. F RANKS of Ari zona, Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 2836: Mr. SOTO, Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2899: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 2926: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2936: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 2954: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 3117: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3124: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 3145: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 3161: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3192: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3222: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 3227: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3271: Mr. LONG. H.R. 3273: Mr. HIMES, Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, Mr. KILMER , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, and Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3380: Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 3395: Mr. SUOZZI and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 3473: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 3497: Mr. GIBBS, Ms. C LARK of Massa chusetts, and Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 3509: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 3699: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3712: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. O’HALLERAN , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor gia. H.R. 3738: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 3770: Mr. GARRETT , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. KATKO , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3773: Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3784: Mr. VALADAO and Ms. S HEAPORTER. H.R. 3792: Mr. TONKO and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 3808: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 3822: Mr. POSEY , Mr. F RANKS of Ari zona, Mr. HARRIS , and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 3832: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 3845: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. S IRES, and Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN . H.R. 3847: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3905: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3930: Mr. BARTON and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 3936: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3947: Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. B ERA, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3957: Mr. GROTHMAN . H. Con. Res. 56: Ms. BROWNLEY of Cali fornia. H. Res. 128: Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H. Res. 142: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H. Res. 220: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. F ASO. H. Res. 257: Mr. FERGUSON . H. Res. 283: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H. Res. 313: Mr. OLSON . H. Res. 466: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mrs. DINGELL . H. Res. 467: Mr. ENGEL . H. Res. 511: Ms. NORTON and Mr. P ETERS . H. Res. 555: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6327 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 2017 No. 160 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 