Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Franklin Hobson for 60 years of service in the Fall Creek Volunteer Fire Department in Yadkin County. Franklin was a young man of 21 when he became a charter member of the fire department in 1957. Since that time, he has been a dedicated leader in both the department and his community, including service as the Yadkin County fire marshal. Still active in the Fall Creek Volunteer Fire Department today, he will celebrate his 82nd birthday on September 27. It is volunteers like Franklin Hobson who help our Nation thrive. Through the generous example he has set, Franklin inspires others to think about ways they can give to their local community. I thank Franklin for all of the good that he does for his community and for being a great example for all of us. RECOGNIZING FALL CREEK VOLUNTEER FIRE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 60th anniversary of the Fall Creek Volunteer Fire Department in Yadkin County. The first meeting of these dedicated citizens was held on June 13, 1957, at Fall Creek Elementary School as 12 local men worked to establish the fire department. Its charter calls for 60 members, and its membership ranks have remained nearly full for 60 years. A pillar of the community, members have been awarded North Carolina’s Order of the Long Leaf Pine on three occasions. Helping others is one of the most honorable activities anyone can engage in, and this kind of selfless dedication to one’s community is critical to the wellbeing of our country. I thank the members of the Fall Creek Volunteer Fire Department for the selflessness and bravery they demonstrate as firefighters. America needs more courageous individuals like them to give of their time and talents to keep our communities safe. 
FUNDING THE ENEMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, today I have the front page cover of Douglas Wissing’s book, ‘‘Funding the Enemy: How U.S. Taxpayers Bankroll the Taliban.’’ A few years ago, I had the pleasure of meeting with Douglas in my office here in D.C. to discuss his book. One of the analyses of this book by the Publishers Weekly said: ‘‘‘Funding the Enemy’ is sober, sad, and important . . . it peels back the layers of American engagement in Afghanistan to reveal its rotten core: that United States dollars meant for that country’s future instead fund the insurgency and support the Taliban. Paying for both sides of the war ensures America’s ultimate defeat, and Wissing’s book tells the story.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am reminded of this book as we recently heard President Trump talk about how he would allow General Mattis to recommend troop level increases in Afghanistan. I am disappointed for many reasons. I am disappointed because Congress deserves a debate and a vote, and I am disappointed because we continue to lose American lives. Mr. Speaker, I would like to remind the administration of comments that President Trump made a few years ago regarding Afghanistan: First, in August of 2011, he said that the United States was wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan. In 2012, President Trump referred to Afghanistan as a ‘‘complete waste’’ and also declared it was ‘‘time to come home.’’ Then again the next year, he made many comments on the Twitter feed, first saying: ‘‘Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024—with all costs by USA.’’ He further tweeted: ‘‘Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense. Rebuild the USA.’’ That is what President Trump said, and I agree with President Trump. 
Returning to the book, ‘‘Funding the Enemy’’ shows: ‘‘With the vague intention of winning hearts and minds in Afghanistan, the U.S. Government has mismanaged billions of development and logistics dollars, bolstered the drug trade, and dumped untold millions into Taliban hands.’’ President Trump and Douglas Wissing clearly agree. Afghanistan is a failed policy. Mr. Speaker, that is why Congressman JOHNGARAMENDI and I have introduced H.R. 1666, asking for a debate on Afghanistan and a new AUMF. You can vote against the bill, but the discussion is still needed. We are joined by at least 13 of our colleagues in support, and I hope more Members in both parties will join us. All we are asking for is a debate. Mr. Speaker, the week before the Fourth of July, I handed a letter to Speaker RYAN asking for a debate, which I include in the RECORD . 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN: First, let me commend you on your words regarding the need for Congress to find increased civility following the tragic shooting in Alexandria. Your words were very prophetic at this time in history. Sir, respectfully, your recent response to my Afghanistan letter was very disappointing. At the time of my writing this, President Trump has decided to give troop level increase authority over to James Mattis. Now more than ever, it is time for a policy debate on the future in Afghanistan by the U.S. House of Representatives. The bill that I have introduced, H.R. 1666, would allow that debate. Members of both parties are so frustrated by the 16 years we have spent in Afghanistan. Without further intervention by Congress, the loss of life and the waste of tax dollars in that country will continue. Sir, you have the authority as Speaker of the House to instruct the U.S. House committees to debate this conflict. Let me close with a sentence from a recent email I received from the 31st Commandant of the Marine Corps, General Chuck Krulack: ‘‘[Afghanistan] is fragmented . . . tribal . . . controlled by war lords, economically a basket case, no real government outside of Kabul and that is questionable, a poorly organized and led Army (who will shoot at Americans as well as the ‘enemy’), and no sense of what the country wants to be.’’ On behalf of all Americans who have died in Afghanistan, and the continued waste, fraud and abuse of money that persists, I respectfully ask how much longer will Congress do nothing? Please join in our effort to bring a debate to the House floor. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, WALTER B. J ONES , Member of Congress. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I said that if he doesn’t read my letter, at least read the comments from the 31st Commandant of the United States Marine Corps, my friend and unofficial adviser, General Chuck Krulak. This is what I wanted PAULRYANto read, and I hope he did read it: ‘‘No one has ever conquered Afghanistan . . . and many have tried. We will join the list of nations that have tried and failed.’’ How prophetic is that, Mr. Speaker, that we will continue to go down this road and see this country spend and waste lives for absolutely nothing, known as Afghanistan? f 
GOVERNMENT SPENDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, this Saturday, my staff and I finished our 34th townhall in the home of one of America’s greatest citizens: my mentor and my hero, Bob Dole. At every location we go, most often, several people ask me about the $20 trillion of deficit this country has and our debt, the $600 billion of deficit we have every year. Americans work too hard and there are too many worthwhile functions of government for the Federal Government to irresponsibly spend taxpayer dollars. From the time I started thinking about running for office, it has been a priority of mine to help create a fiscally responsible plan to reduce our annual deficits and national debt. Yet again, this year, 70 percent of our budget is mandatory spending—70 percent of our budget is mandatory spending— and therefore is spent before the annual appropriations discussions even begin. If we hope to eliminate the deficit, we must address mandatory spending programs and be willing to engage in tough conversations. This administration and Congress have taken steps to limit bureaucracy and rein in the size and scope of the Federal Government. In this spirit, we hope Congress stays true to this objective as we debate the upcoming budget in order to ensure that our limited taxpayer dollars are spent where they are most needed. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring my colleagues up to date on my last visit to Clark County, Kansas. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues may remember that earlier this year wildfires consumed a vast sum of Clark County. The wildfires wrought havoc for many ranchers, farmers, families, and landowners in Clark County and across much of southwest Kansas, not to mention parts of Texas, Colorado, and Oklahoma. Besides the lives lost, including one in Kansas, thousands of livestock, 650,000 acres, and many family properties that had been passed down through generations burned in this disastrous blaze. Through the perseverance of Kansans living in this region, a considerable amount of progress has been made since I visited right after the fires in March thanks to so many people throughout the country who donated hay as well as their personal services helping rebuild the hundreds of miles of fences that were burned down. After visiting with the Giles family and the Grigsby family—both families impacted by the fires—their resilience, their strength, and their faith was made clear. These are the type of folks who are now working day in and day out to restore this section of the heartland. I am delighted to see green rising in the pastures which was once scorched earth, burnttotheground grass. I am again reminded of the honor I have of working to represent some of the most hardworking Americans in the world: the Kansas agriculture, the Kansas farmers, and the Kansas ranchers. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving and gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pray for the needs of the Nation, the world, and all of creation. Bless those who seek to honor You and serve each other and all Americans in this House through their public service. May the words and deeds of this place reflect an earnest desire for justice, and may men and women in government build on the tradition of equity and truth that represents the noblest heritage of our Nation. These July days are busy, and the work to be done in the people’s House is complicated—and very important. Bless all Members with a surfeit of energy, wisdom, patience, and firm resolve to do their best work for the benefit of all Americans. May Your blessing, O God, be with us this day and every day to come, and may all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) come forward and 
lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. NORTON led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S SUCCESSFUL G20 SUMMIT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, President Donald Trump’s success during his overseas trip to Poland and the G20 summit in Germany makes it clear that America is once again the clear leader of the free world. In Poland, the President reaffirmed that Western nations will stand together against threats to our security and our way of life. His remarks focused on his strategy of peace through strength—increasing defense spending, confirming our commitment to NATO, and promoting American energy as an alternative to Russian sources in Eastern Europe. During the G20, President Trump made it clear that, under his leadership, America remains committed to blocking the funding of terrorism and extremism, empowering women across the world, affirming the right of nations to defend themselves, and pledging to end unfair trade. Additionally, working with other foreign leaders, he successfully negotiated a ceasefire in Syria. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Sadly, Canada has forgotten the 26 Canadians murdered on 9/11 by awarding millions of dollars to a confessed terrorist who killed U.S. Army Sergeant First Class Christopher Speer, putting American families and Canadian families at risk. 
TRUMPCARE (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, despite attempts at resuscitation, TrumpCare is close to impasse, charitably speaking. The Senate bill does so much harm to all concerned—to Americans who depend on Medicaid or Medicare or have a preexisting condition, and actually raises costs out of pocket with less coverage while kicking 22 million people, including 61,000 D.C. residents, off their healthcare plans altogether—that some may be tempted to cheer the coming demise of TrumpCare. Defeat of TrumpCare may be better than repeal of the Affordable Care Act, but to leave it there is to show contempt for the American people. Republicans argue that ObamaCare was flawed because it was the product of only one party. If so, Republicans should avoid the same mistake. The best way for Congress to spend the remaining weeks before recess is with Democrats and Republicans at the same table. f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 392 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 392, a bill originally introduced by Representative Chaffetz of Utah, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL JOE ‘‘SOLO’’ KUNKEL (Mr. DUNN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding member of the United States Air Force, Colonel Joe ‘‘Solo’’ Kunkel. Solo has been selected for reassignment from Tyndall Air Force Base in the Second District of Florida, where he served as the vice commander of the 325th Fighter Wing. He will continue his service at Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho as commander of the 366th Fighter Wing, the ‘‘Gunfighters.’’ Colonel Kunkel has been an exceptional leader at Tyndall, where he oversaw more than 4,000 people who train and support F–22 Raptor pilots and crews. He has worked tirelessly to improve the lives of his officers, airmen, and their families. He improved mission performance, facilities, and family programs at Tyndall. Mr. Speaker, please join me in extending congratulations and gratitude to Colonel Kunkel; his wife, Jenny; and their children, Madeline, Drew, Riley, and Brayden. May God continue to bless our Nation with his kind of exemplary patriotism and service. 
MAJORITY OF AMERICANS DO NOT TRUST THE MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll found that a combined 68 percent of Americans said that they do not trust the media very much or not at all. The same poll also found that Americans trust President Trump more than the media. It is no surprise that Americans do not trust the media. The media have stopped reporting and have started attacking. As The Federalist’s David Harsanyi noted in a recent article, ‘‘News organizations have become obsessed with fighting the President rather than covering him.’’ A Harvard study recently found that 80 percent of the news coverage of President Trump in his first 100 days in office was negative, a new unfortunate record. The media is so fixated on attacking the President that they rush to print unfounded stories using a single anonymous source. Last month, three CNN employees resigned for their role in a botched TrumpRussia story. This debacle revealed the media’s insatiable appetite to print any story—no matter how groundless—that is critical of the President. The liberal media should stop fighting the President and start covering his Presidency in a fair and unbiased manner. Then they will regain the trust of the American people. f 
CONGRATULATING ERIN SMITH (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate 17yearold Erin Smith of Shawnee Mission West High School in Overland Park in my district at home in Kansas. Erin recently won the International BioGENEius Challenge held in San Diego, California, earning $7,500 for her research with the award from the Biotechnology Institute. The International BioGENEius Challenge pushes high school students from across the world to find solutions to healthcare, sustainability, and environmental needs through biotechnology. Erin’s research and work focused on Parkinson’s disease which affects about 7 to 10 million people worldwide and about 60,000 new patients in America each year. Erin coded a website that can record the facial expressions of subjects using special software which enabled her to discover early indicators of Parkinson’s disease. She then built an algorithm that could be used as a diagnostic tool. Mr. Speaker, Erin sounds like one of the world’s foremost researchers, but she is only a rising senior at Shawnee Mission West. She is truly incredible. I congratulate her and wish her the best in what is just the beginning of a long journey helping many people living with this dreaded disease. 
HONORING VICE ADMIRAL DIEGO ‘‘DUKE’’ HERNANDEZ (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand before the House today to recognize Vice Admiral Diego ‘‘Duke’’ Hernandez, a decorated war hero and patriot who passed away on Friday, July 7, at 83 years old. Admiral Hernandez was born and raised in Puerto Rico, the son of two schoolteachers who became a three star admiral and the highest ranking Hispanic officer in the United States Navy at the time. Throughout his distinguished 35year career, he served as a commander to various naval forces earning the Silver Star, the Distinguished Flying Cross, and the Purple Heart. He exemplified the valor and commitment that his brothers in arms from Puerto Rico have demonstrated since the Great War. On July 14, 1998, Admiral Hernandez testified before the Senate and highlighted Puerto Rican participation in our Nation’s wars and the reality of their marginalization from the democracy they fought to defend and uphold. He urged Congress to respond to the people of Puerto Rico so they can achieve political selfdetermination. In his honor, I echo the same. Today, I ask the House to join me in expressing our profound gratitude to Admiral Hernandez and his contributions to the United States of America. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MOOLENAAR ) at 4 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1492) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to direct the Attorney General to register practitioners to transport controlled substances to States in which the practitioner is not registered under the Act for the purpose of administering the substances (under applicable State law) at locations other than principal places of business or professional practice. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1492 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), who is the chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation. I want to thank the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. WALDEN from Hood River, Oregon, as well as the Health Subcommittee chairman, MICHAEL BURGESS from Lewisville, Texas. I appreciate Dr. BURGESS for yielding me time on this bill that is mine, that I presented several years ago, Mr. Speaker, that we are finally getting a chance to support today. I wish to express my full support for H.R. 1492, the Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017. This legislation represents commonsense reforms that will ensure certainty and regulatory clarity, while recognizing the needs of doctors, patients, and law enforcement alike. I hope Members on both sides recognize the need for not only this legislation, but will be in support. Currently, physicians and other DEAlicensed medical practitioners are barred from transporting controlled substances from one practice setting to another. This is particularly strenuous on physicians who travel for their jobs. For example, team physicians at both the college and professional level have been particularly affected by the lack of clarity in the current law. Physicians who travel with teams to away games carefully practiced transporting medicines—and they have done so for decades—in a manner that they believed to be in compliance with DEA regulations. Recently, however, there has been uncertainty surrounding this issue, as a number of teams have found themselves being challenged by the Drug Enforcement Administration. Those physicians who had, for years, been in compliance, or felt like they were in compliance, were unable to provide players with proper medical care after many injuries while they were at an away game. H.R. 1492 will allow physicians to obtain a separate mobile registration with the DEA for the ability to transport these very specific substances for medically relevant reasons directly related to the care of patients between practice settings. This registration allows for physician transport, up to 72 hours, while maintaining updated records of transport and the administration of these controlled substances. Such allowances would ensure that physicians whose practices are inherently dynamic have the necessary provisions to provide care to their patients regardless of the setting. I would like to thank the Drug Enforcement Administration for working with me and my office for the last 5 years on this important issue. I would also like to thank Dr. Dan Cooper, who is the lead physician for the Dallas Cowboys. I would like to thank the gentleman who owns the Dallas Cowboys, Mr. Jerry Jones, for standing up on behalf of professional teams and their players to ensure that we work together for a commonsense answer. I want to thank the gentleman, Dr. BURGESS, for yielding me the time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1492, the Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017, authored by my good friend from Texas, the chairman of the Rules Committee, Representative PETESESSIONS . Whether it is emergency medical service providers traveling to a disaster area to provide care or a team physician at an away game, certain medical practitioners often need to travel with and administer antiseizure or pain medications. Although many of these are regulated under the Controlled Substances Act, current law does not specifically authorize the transportation or administration of such substances away from their registered location. Currently, the Controlled Substances Act does not specifically authorize the transportation and the administration of controlled substances away from the location registered with the Drug Enforcement Administration. In order to ensure appropriate oversight of this practice, H.R. 1492 would establish a separate registration process for mobile practitioners who are already registered with the DEA and in good standing. For a practitioner to transport and administer controlled substances pursuant to this new registration, he or she must be licensed, registered, or otherwise permitted by the State in which the substances are administered to carry out such activity at the location where it occurs. In addition, the practitioner must limit the time of transport to not more than 72 consecutive hours and return any such substances not administered to their registered location from which they were obtained. Further, the practitioner must maintain records of the transporting and administering, and DEA would maintain the authority to deny or revoke a registration. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 24, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write with respect to H.R. 1492, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 1492 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1492 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1492 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 1492. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 24, 2017. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 1492, Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017. I appreciate your willingness to forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. I agree that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1492 at this time, the Judiciary Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that your Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any remaining issues in its jurisdiction. I understand the Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation and will support any such request. I will include a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during the Floor consideration of H.R. 1492. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1492, the Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act. This legislation will allow physicians, in agreement with the Drug Enforcement Agency, to transport and administer controlled substances to patients in another setting or disaster area. Under current law, the Controlled Substances Act prohibits the transport 
and storage of controlled substances away from the site that is registered with the DEA. This makes it illegal for athletic team doctors to transport a small amount of critical medications that may be needed to treat athletes while on the road. Athletics are awfully important in Texas, and I think it is by luck of the draw—specifically, football—that you have three Texans today who want to make sure that our teams can have their doctors treat them. For equal time for my colleague from Dallas, I am sure this law would also provide for the Houston Texans, not just for the Dallas Cowboys. It also complicates care for patients in emergency disaster areas where a doctor may want to offer their services during a crisis. This bill would allow a physician to transport controlled substances to another practice setting or to a Presidentially declared disaster area if the physician is registered to dispense controlled substances listed on schedules II, III, IV, or V, and they enter into a specific agreement with the DEA. The agreement would require a physician to provide advance notification to the DEA of any transport, identify the controlled substances to be transported and the locations to and from, the intended dates of transport, and the anticipated travel time. The physician is also required to maintain records in their primary practice setting on the dispensing of transported substances, and the duration of the agreement is limited to 72 hours. As the Nation grapples with the ongoing prescription drug abuse crisis, these safeguards are important to ensuring appropriate use, while allowing doctors to treat patients where they are. I want to thank the sponsor, Representative PETE SESSIONS , and the committee for their work to advance this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1492, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to commend Chairman SESSIONS for working on this important legislation with the Energy and Commerce Committee, the House Judiciary Committee, and the Drug Enforcement Administration to ensure that we got it right. This is a good bill with appropriate safeguards. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1492, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017.’’ This bill amends the Controlled Substances Act (CSA) to direct the Attorney General to register practitioners to transport controlled substances to States in which the practitioner is not registered under the CSA to administer these substances at locations other than principal places of professional practice. H.R. 1492 provides necessary guidance to the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) to clarify the requirements of physicians whose jobs inherently require transporting controlled substances. By requiring the registration of practitioners who transport and administer controlled substances across state lines, this bill also increases oversight to ensure physicians are appropriately administering controlled substances to their patients. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1492 addresses a crucial element in America’s current opioid crisis regarding the mishandling of powerful prescription drugs by licensed physicians which can result in problems with addiction or abuse for patients. This issue is particularly relevant in the arena of sports medicine, where specialized physicians are often required to swiftly treat athlete injuries while on the road. In highpressure environments, physicians and trainers sometimes prioritize athletic performance over physical and mental health, a mentality which has been shown to leave the door open for longterm, potentially devastating consequences for the players. Earlier this year, a group of more than 1,800 former professional football players filed a federal lawsuit against all 32 teams of the National Football League (NFL) for allowing teams to violate federal laws governing the transportation, distribution, and administration of prescription drugs. The lawsuit revealed a slew of dangerous, illegal practices within the NFL and individual teams, including the excessive administration and use of powerful painkillers and antiinflammatory drugs as well as the failure of league and team officials to acknowledge or comply with guidance from the DEA. In 2012, for instance, the average NFL team prescribed nearly 5,777 doses of antiinflammatory drugs and 2,213 doses of controlled medications to its players. The staggering levels of opioid use in the NFL have led to a number of chronic health problems for many former players who continue to suffer from longterm organ and joint damage years or even decades after they have retired. Even more troubling, a 2011 survey of 644 retired players found that 7 percent were still actively using opioid drugs in retirement— more than four limes the rate of opioid use in the general population. National sports leagues like the NFL are massive, multibillion dollar industries that drive many local economies in the United States; last year, the average NFL team was worth $2.3 billion and employed 3,739 people. However, it is vital that we recognize the human cost of this highly profitable business. With the immense economic and cultural value of America’s sports teams and athletes in mind, the federal government should take all necessary measures to ensure that fans and players are able to enjoy their favorite pasttimes safely and fairly. H.R. 1492 is a crucial step in improving the DEA’s ability to protect prescription drug recipients who are vulnerable to misusing or abusing painkillers and other powerful medications. Fixing our national opioid epidemic is a bipartisan cause, and I am confident that this legislation has the potential to effect powerful and positive change for large numbers of Americans. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1492. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1492. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE ANTIDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 702) to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal Government, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 702 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017’’. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall prevent a Federal agency’s Human Capital or General Counsel office from providing advice or counsel to Federal agency personnel on the processing and resolution of a complaint, including providing legal representation to a Federal agency in any proceeding. 
‘‘The head of each Federal agency’s Equal Employment Opportunity Program shall report directly to the head of the agency. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 702, the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017, introduced by my colleague on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the ranking member, ELIJAH CUMMINGS . I should note that Mr. CUMMINGS is unable to be with us here today for this important bill. He is recuperating from surgery, and we wish him a speedy recovery. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 702 amends the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002, or the NO FEAR Act, to better identify and correct issues of discrimination throughout the Federal Government. Ranking Member CUMMINGS introduced H.R. 702 in response to problems identified in the Baltimore office of the Social Security Administration. The bill requires Federal agencies to establish a system to track Equal Employment Opportunity complaints from beginning to end. This system must also track any disciplinary action that resulted from a finding of a discriminatory act. b1615 The bill also requires both the disciplinary action and the reason for the action to be included in the employee’s personnel record. Mr. Speaker, this bill implements notification and reporting requirements for instances of discrimination within Federal agencies. Agencies must provide a notice on an internal website if the agency or Equal Employment Opportunity Commission finds that a discriminatory or retaliatory act has occurred. The bill requires agencies to submit a report to the EEOC if such an act has occurred. The report must include any disciplinary action initiated against an employee for discrimination or retaliation against another employee. Lastly, the bill bars agencies from using nondisclosure agreements to restrict Federal employees from reporting waste, fraud, and abuse to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, and Inspector General. I thank Mr. CUMMINGS for his work on this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 702, the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017, as amended. I also thank my good friend, Ranking Member ELIJAH CUMMINGS , for his work on this measure and for his leadership and passion of our committee’s ongoing efforts to ensure that Federal equal opportunity programs truly guarantee equal opportunity. Most agencies are careful to ensure that their personnel policies protect employees’ rights and that their EEO programs ensure that if discrimination does occur, employees can seek fair and timely redress. Unfortunately, there have been instances in which agencies fail to meet the standards of a model EEO program. When that occurs, hardworking Federal employees are harmed. For example, during the last Congress, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform conducted a number of hearings to examine how allegations of harassment and retaliation were handled at the National Park Service and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, including the Forest Service. In the case of the Park Service, a former superintendent of the Grand Canyon, one of our premier parks, received a report in 2013 documenting multiple allegations of sexual harassment. But rather than determining whether further investigation was warranted or disciplinary action should be pursued, the superintendent attempted to bury the report. A year later, more than a dozen current and former employees sent their allegations directly to the Secretary of the Interior. The Secretary referred those allegations to the Inspector General. After an extensive investigation, the IG found ‘‘a longterm pattern of sexual harassment and a hostile work environment’’ at the Grand Canyon River District. The Inspector General’s Office also identified more than 20 other individuals who ‘‘reported experiencing or witnessing sexual harassment and hostile work environments,’’ and the IG confirmed that previous reports of sexual harassment ‘‘were not properly investigated or reported.’’ As disturbing as these findings are, the Inspector General has also found instances of sexual harassment and retaliation at other parks, including iconic places like Yellowstone National Park and the Canaveral National Seashore. While the Park Service has announced measures to address the serious shortcomings in its EEO programs, it is clear that deficiencies in these programs are longstanding and have hurt numerous employees. Similar chronic problems have occurred at the Department of Agriculture. The EEO program there has now been the subject of two extraordinary letters sent by the Office of Special Counsel to the President of the United States. In May 2015, the Special Counsel wrote to warn the President that USDA’s civil rights program ‘‘has been seriously mismanaged, thereby compromising the civil rights of USDA employees.’’ Just last month, the Office of Special Counsel wrote again to the President, finding that ‘‘while the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights has taken positive steps to improve its performance, based on the significant number of cases that are still subject to delays, OSC has determined that the agency response is unreasonable in part. USDA may need to devote more resources to the Office to ensure that cases are promptly processed and hold senior supervisors accountable for the mismanagement in this office.’’ Such findings are not to be tolerated, and they highlight why this bill, H.R. 702, the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act, is urgently needed. This measure would require that the head of an agency’s EEO program report directly to the head of the agency himself or herself. The measure would also require that an agency’s EEO program be operated independently of its human resources or general counsel offices, ensuring that the EEO program is focused solely on protecting the civil rights of all employees and applicants. H.R. 702 would strengthen the accountability mechanisms central to the effectiveness of the EEO process. For example, the bill would expand the notifications that agencies are required to provide when discrimination is indeed found to have occurred, and it would require agencies to track and report whether such findings resulted in any disciplinary action. The bill would also prohibit agencies from attempting to gag employees by banning policies, forms, or agreements that seek to prohibit or restrict an employee from disclosing to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or an Office of the Inspector General any information that might relate to a violation of any law, rule, regulation, or waste, fraud, or abuse. H.R. 702 is essentially identical to the bill we considered in the last Congress, which passed the House by a vote of 403–0. I urge Members to support the measure again. As I close, Mr. Speaker, I join with Ranking Member CUMMINGS in urging the Senate to move on this measure as expeditiously as possible, without the addition of extraneous and harmful amendments that might seek to curtail due process rights of Federal employees. Any employee who engages in discriminatory or retaliatory behavior or who harasses another employee must be held accountable. The American public expects no less. Current personnel policies and practices are adequate to ensure that this can occur, and there is no need for any amendment to this bill that would undermine or weaken employees’ due process rights. Mr. Speaker, I talked to Representative ELIJAH CUMMINGS recently. He is doing great. He is full of fight and can’t wait to get back here to Congress. We expect to see him shortly. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I wish Mr. CUMMINGS a speedy recovery. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 702, the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017, as amended. I thank all of the bill’s cosponsors, including Representatives NORTON , S ENSENBRENNER  and JACKSON LEE, for working with me on this measure and for their commitment to strengthening federal Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) programs. I also thank Tanya Ward Jordan, Paulette Taylor, and all the members of the Coalition 4 Change (C4C) for their years of work on this measure and their perseverance. H.R. 702 is essentially identical to H.R. 1557, which was considered in the last Congress. That legislation passed the House by a vote of 403–0. However, the bill did not pass the Senate before the end of the 114th Congress. I am hopeful that this year, we can finally get this measure over the finish line and to the President’s desk for signature. I authored H.R. 702 to make longoverdue reforms of federal EEO programs to ensure that they are better able to protect the rights of federal employees and applicants for federal employment. Federal EEO programs exist to uphold the guarantee of equal opportunity that is the right of every citizen in this nation and to ensure that any barriers impeding fairness in personnel decisions are identified and eliminated. While the vast majority of federal workplaces comply with current EEO requirements, some federal agencies still have not met the standards of a model EEO program set forth by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). For example, in 2014, the EEOC issued a report on the Social Security Administration (SSA) that made 12 findings regarding SSA’s failure to maintain a model EEOC program, ensure efficient management of the complaint process, provide uniform training to ensure equal opportunities, and implement effective and efficient antiharassment policies and procedures. The EEOC made more than 60 recommendations for reform of that one program alone. Last year, bipartisan investigations conducted by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the National Park Service and the U.S. Forest Service found significant deficiencies in both agencies’ EEO programs. At both agencies, employees suffered when their complaints of discrimination were not handled in a fair and timely manner. Employees were also harmed by agencies’ failure to safeguard complainants’ personal information. To help end these failings, my bill would require that EEO programs operate independently of an agency’s human resources or general counsel offices—and that the head of the program reports directly to the head of an agency. This would ensure that effective implementation of the EEO program is prioritized at the highest level of an agency—and that it operates with the sole purpose of ensuring equal opportunity for all employees. H.R. 702 would also strengthen the accountability mechanisms that are central to the effectiveness of the EEO process. Further, H.R. 702 would make clear that agencies cannot impose any nondisclosure agreement on federal employees to prohibit employees from disclosing fraud or illegal actions to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel (OSC), or an Inspector General. According to the 2014 Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, only 60 percent of federal employees agreed that they could, quote, ‘‘disclose a suspected violation of any law, rule or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ The Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act would help ensure that federal employees can report discrimination without suffering retaliation—and that such reports will be thoroughly and fairly investigated and adjudicated in a timely manner. Finally, as I close, I want to address some of the issues that arose during consideration of this measure in the Senate Homeland Security Committee last year. I want to be crystal clear that I believe that supervisors who engage in discriminatory or retaliatory action must be held accountable. However, this can be accomplished without curtailing any existing due process rights for federal employees and I will continue to oppose all efforts to roll back any due process right. I urge all Members to support H.R. 702, and I hope that in this Congress, we can finally enact this measure into law. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 702, the ‘‘Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017.’’ I support this legislation because it ensures agencies effectively implement their Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) programs and that federal employees are never prevented from disclosing discriminatory or wasteful actions to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or Inspectors General. Let me express my thanks to Ranking Member Cummings for introducing this critical legislation that is essential to ensuring that our federal workplaces are free from discrimination, and that any barriers impeding fairness in personnel decisions are identified and eliminated. This is not the first time we have addressed and offered legislation regarding workplace equality. In 2002, the ‘‘No Fear Act’’ was first introduced in Congress and set the precedent for imposing additional duties upon Federal agency employers that are intended to reinvigorate their longstanding obligation to provide a work environment free of discrimination and retaliation. On October 2, 2000, the House Science Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Intolerance at EPA—Harming People, Harming Science?’’ Dr. Marsha ColemanAdebayo, an EPA whistleblower, won a 600,000 dollar jury decision against EPA for race and sex discrimination under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. During that hearing, thenchairman of the Science Committee Congressman Sensenbrenner illuminated the dangerous precedent set by the EPA, stating, ‘‘While EPA has a clear policy on dealing with employees that discriminate, harass and retaliate against other EPA employees, no one apparently involved in the ColemanAdebayo or Nolan cases have yet to be disciplined by EPA.’’ Mr. Speaker, no employee should fear voicing their concerns in reference to a safer more work conducive environment. According to the 2014 Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, only 60 percent of federal employees agreed that they could quote, ‘‘disclose a suspected violation of any law, rule or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ We must do better and ensure employees have confidence that they can report an act of discrimination without suffering retaliation. Employees need to know that EEO reports will be thoroughly, fairly, and timely investigated and adjudicated. H.R. 702 would require that EEO programs operate independently of an agency’s human resources or general counsel offices. This bill requires the head of the program report directly to the head of an agency and the act would prohibit the use of nondisclosure agreements that restrict an employee from disclosing to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or instance of waste, fraud or abuse. We often look at individuals or groups who step forward as whistleblowers. This term has been used with a negative connotation to describe insubordinate employees, but history has shown us that whistleblowers are often heroes that have shed light on employers’ illegal practices and as a result made the workplace better for future employees. Mark Felt, the FBI agent known as deep throat during the Watergate Scandal of the 1970s. Frank Serpico, New York police officer who confronted his department for the rampant corruption the leadership let take place. Jeffrey Wigand, a tobacco executive who admitted that tobacco companies knew they were putting addictive chemicals into their cigarettes. And Sherron Watkins, an executive of the Enron corporation who was vital in exposing the financial lies and frauds of the company. All these individuals stood up against well established corporations and agencies even when others doubted their claims. We must protect these types of acts in Federal offices and successfully implement the Equal Employment Opportunity Programs (EEO). Mr. Speaker, in a sense every Member of Congress is a whistleblower for the people in that uncovering and correcting problems in the agencies that administer the laws is an essential part of our oversight responsibilities. As a senior member of the Committees on Homeland Security and the Judiciary, and as Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I understand the importance of safe and discrimination free workplaces. By strengthening existing requirements to ensure federal EEO programs meet high standards, we are implementing the best practices available to combat workplace discrimination. It is our duty as Members of Congress to be whistleblowers, bring attention to this pressing matter, and put a stop to injustices occurring in the workforce. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 702, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MERLE HAGGARD POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1988) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1988 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1988, which designates a post office in Bakersfield, California, as the Merle Haggard Post Office Building. Merle Haggard once sang about being a ‘‘branded man out in the cold’’ because, having served time in prison, ‘‘no matter where I travel, the black mark follows me, I’m branded with a number on my name.’’ He lamented that: ‘‘If I live to be a hundred, guess I’ll never clear my name.’’ Well, Merle didn’t quite make it to 100, but it is safe to say that the people of Bakersfield will appreciate seeing the post office bear the name of Merle Haggard. Merle can hold his head up and be proud of who he was. Now this will be a time for celebration, but remember: ‘‘We don’t smoke marijuana in Muskogee; we don’t take no trips on LSD.’’ So in honor of the Okie from Muskogee, illicit substances will be prohibited at the Haggard Post Office. It will be okay to just stay there and drink, but keep in mind that tonight could be the night the bottle let’s you down. We would also appreciate if people refrain from burning draft cards on Main Street, and please don’t let your ‘‘hair grow long and shaggy’’ at the Merle Haggard Post Office. Waving Old Glory down at the courthouse will, of course, be encouraged. Now, Merle didn’t always make it easy for people, particularly his mother. His mother did everything she could to raise him right, but Merle didn’t listen. So, like others, he turned 21 in prison, doing life without parole, and that left only Merle to blame because ‘‘Mama tried, Mama tried.’’ Merle appreciated all our fighting men and women who fought and died to keep America free. Merle was right to ask if we can really count on being free if we have to depend on ‘‘some squirrely guy who claims he just’’ doesn’t believe in fighting. Merle was a patriot who loved this country. If you don’t love it, then just leave it. But be warned: ‘‘When you are running down my country hoss, you are walking on the fighting side of me. . . . ’’ May God bless Merle Haggard. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, that was a hard act to follow. I was transported to the 1960s. I was always a fan of Merle Haggard, but not necessarily his political philosophy. I don’t believe the proposition that if you disagree with the policies of your government, you have to leave the country. I actually believe the beauty of America is that you get to disagree, you get to respectfully dissent, and you still get to live here as a fullfledged American. I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of this bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Bakersfield, California, as the Merle Haggard Post Office Building. Merle was born in Bakersfield in 1937, and, as my friend from Florida said, took a circuitous route to becoming ‘‘the poet of the common man,’’ as he was known. As a teenager, he often found himself in reform school after committing petty crimes. By the age of 20, he was serving time, as Mr. DESANTIS said, in a California prison. It was that experience, however, that helped him turn his life around. In prison, Merle Haggard rediscovered his love of music, and later put his talent to work on the Bakersfield club circuit. By singing about poverty, the struggles of the ordinary man and woman, and how music saved him during dark times, he captured the imagination and the attention of the entire country, and had 38 number one country hits. In 1994, Merle was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame. In 2010, he received a Kennedy Center Honors from President Barack Obama. After a long and fulfilling life, Merle died on his 79th birthday in April of last year. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize the incredible accomplishments to our culture that Merle Haggard represents to celebrate his country music and his ability to give a voice to working men and women everywhere who keep their ‘‘nose on the grindstone’’ and ‘‘work hard every day.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 1988, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY), the distinguished majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am from California, but I happen to be from Bakersfield, California. I thank the gentleman for his creative use of the lyrics. Merle would be proud. Mr. Speaker, when you take a look back at American history, you can see figures standing tall who spoke for the everyday working man. Following the long tradition of Whitman and Twain, Merle Haggard was a man who knew America instinctively because he lived an American life. It wasn’t a life of the movies, but it was all the more compelling because it was all the more real. That is the reason they called him ‘‘The Poet of the Common Man.’’ Merle Haggard didn’t have it easy. At the height of the Depression, his family searched for opportunity out West. Merle grew up with little means and lived with a past of mistakes and regrets. So he sang. He sang in ‘‘Branded Man’’ of the stigma of prison, crooning ‘‘I held my head up high, determined I would rise above the shame.’’ He sang in ‘‘Working Man Blues’’ of the grind of doing his duty to his family, ‘‘working as long as my two hands are fit to use.’’ And he sang of his roots, not of power or wealth or status, but of pride in being ‘‘an Okie from Muskogee,’’ a place of leather boots, football, and Old Glory. He found success and, more importantly, redemption in the music he shared with his country. Now, the Bakersfield Sound changed country music, and it is a testament to Merle Haggard’s talent that when you listen to his hits, from ‘‘Branded Man’’ to ‘‘Mama Tried,’’ to ‘‘Big City,’’ to ‘‘Working Man Blues,’’ or even to ‘‘Okie from Muskogee,’’ you not only hear the hardship and wisdom of a welllived life, but you can hear the roots of so much of the music we still listen to today. From a man who went from Bakersfield High School to San Quentin prison, to the Country Music Hall of Fame, a building doesn’t seem like much. But I hope that when people pass by the Merle Haggard Post Office Building in 
downtown Bakersfield, they will remember an icon of our community, an artist who never backed down, a man whose honesty above his own failings and willingness to pick himself back up inspired music that lifts our spirits and feeds our souls. Merle Haggard’s name will live on in this building, but his spirit will live on in his music that calls us to do the best we can every day God gives us. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this side. I just want to echo the sentiments of Mr. MCCARTHY , the majority leader, in honoring a great artist who overcame enormous obstacles in his life to achieve great success and to make contributions to American culture. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1988. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REMOVAL OF USE RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN LAND TRANSFERRED TO ROCKINGHAM COUNTY, VIRGINIA Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 954) to remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 954 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 954, offered by our colleague, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Congressman BOB GOODLATTE of Virginia, would remove certain deed restrictions on an approximately 1acre portion of a property previously transferred in Rockingham County, Virginia, under the terms of the National Park Service’s Federal Lands to Parks Program. The transferred land included a garage that had previously been used by the National Park Service. Following the transfer, Rockingham County decided that the nonprofit Plains Area Daycare Center, which provides affordable childcare for nearly 100 children, would benefit from use of the garage. In 1990, Congress passed a law allowing for a portion of the previously transferred land to be used for the childcare center. Although a portion of the transferred property is authorized for use as a daycare center, the center encounters hurdles in securing financing for improvements and repairs due to the terms of the original deed and the subsequent legislation. H.R. 954 would remove certain deed restrictions from an approximately 1 acre portion of the property, while the other 2 acres would continue to be subject to the existing deed restrictions and revisionary clause. Removal of these deed restrictions will ensure that improvements and repairs can take place without further delay in the future. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 954 removes the use restrictions on a 1acre parcel of Federal land provided to Rockingham County, Virginia. In 1989, Congress authorized Rockingham County to use a 3acre parcel of Federal land for the purpose of establishing a childcare center under the condition that the land continues to be used for this purpose. If the county no longer needs the land for a childcare center, the land reverts back to ownership by the United States or the county has the option to purchase it at a fair market value. The Federal Government has a long tradition of providing public land to State, county, and local governments. Fair use of Federal land and a fair return to the American taxpayer has yet to be at the forefront of these transactions. Removing publicpurpose requirements and use restrictions should only be done when it is deemed appropriate and necessary, and in this particular case, the sponsor of this bill has worked with the National Park Service to develop legislation that is both fair and transparent. The land provided to Rockingham County includes a garage previously used by the National Park Service that the county has determined could benefit Plains Area Daycare Center. The Park Service no longer needs the garage, and removing the use restriction on one of the 3 acres will allow this childcare provider to access financial assistance in order to upgrade and rehabilitate the garage so that it is suitable to their needs. This is a worthy goal, and I commend the gentleman from Virginia for this legislation, and that is why we support the adoption of H.R. 954. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for yielding to me and for his work on this bill, as well as Chairman BISHOP ’s work on this legislation and those on the other side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge passage of H.R. 954. This bill simply removes 20yearold deed use restrictions on 1 acre of land in Rockingham County, Virginia. For over 25 years, a little over 3 acres of land and its associated buildings previously held by the Federal Government have been maintained by Rockingham County in the Plains Area Daycare Center in the Sixth District of Virginia. In 1989, the Federal Government deeded these 3 acres of land, with restriction, to Rockingham County. However, even prior to this official declaration, Rockingham County had already been faithfully maintaining the property no longer utilized by the Federal Government. The government transferred this land to Rockingham County in 1989 under the condition that this property was to be used for public purposes. The county then decided that the nonprofit Plains Area Daycare Center in Broadway, Virginia, which provides childcare on a sliding scale to many families who otherwise could not afford such a service, would benefit from the use of the old garage located on the property. Therefore, in 1990, Congress enacted Public Law 101–479, which allowed the deed to be changed from public use to the particular use of the childcare center. Donations by the community, totaling $75,000, turned the building into a nursery, daycare, and afterschool care facility. Additionally, the establishment of the daycare center provided for the creation of a playground that the center supports and opens for public use. To 
be clear, the center and the playground are the sole reason this previously abandoned government land is being used by the community. I have visited the Plains Area Daycare Center on many occasions, and I have seen the immeasurable investment this center is making in the community by providing highquality childcare. Since opening in 1991, the center has always been at capacity and is the only facility of its kind in the community. However, after 2 decades of consistent use, the facility is in desperate need of repairs. Unfortunately, because of the narrow way Public Law 101–479 was drafted and because of the terms of the deed, the daycare center has been unable to obtain a loan to complete muchneeded renovations. To solve this problem, my legislation would remove the deed’s use restrictions from the 1 acre of property on which the building resides. While I would like to have seen the entire 3 acres released, this legislation is the result of a compromise that has been endorsed by the National Park Service and Rockingham County. By passing this legislation and allowing Rockingham County and, in turn, the Plains Area Daycare Center more authority over the land, we will ensure that more children and more of the community will be served. Mr. Speaker, while my legislation today is simply a formality, it is of great importance to those being served by this daycare center in the community. For 25 years, the land has been deeded to Rockingham County, but with overbearing restrictions. Since it is clear the Federal Government no longer has a vested interest in the land, it is time to lift those restrictions to allow the Plains Area Daycare Center to reach it full potential. Twenty years ago, Congress made its intention clear that a daycare facility was to have use of the property, and I am pleased to lead the charge in fixing the law. Again, I thank Chairman BISHOP and his committee for bringing this bill before the House. I also thank my legislative assistant, Angela Inglett, for her hard work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 954 to simply remove the deed restrictions on 1 acre of land so that the necessary upgrades may be made to the childcare center and so that this community investment may continue. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of our time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 954. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
INTERAGENCY TRANSFER OF LAND ALONG GEORGE WASHINGTON MEMORIAL PARKWAY Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1397) to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1397 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. INTERAGENCY TRANSFER OF LAND ALONG GEORGE WASHINGTON MEMORIAL PARKWAY. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. b1645 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1397, offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ), would authorize a small land exchange between the Department of the Interior and the Department of Transportation. Specifically, the bill transfers administrative jurisdiction over approximately a third of an acre of Federal land within the boundary of the George Washington Memorial Parkway of the National Park Service to the Department of Transportation, and transfers from the Department of Transportation approximately a half an acre of Federal land within the boundary of the TurnerFairbank Highway Research Center of the Federal Highway Administration. The transfer centers on Colonial Farm Road, which provides public access to Claude Moore Colonial Farm and also serves as an entrance road to the TurnerFairbank Highway Research Center and as a secondary entrance to the Central Intelligence Agency. The configuration of the property lines between the farm and the research center requires farm staff to 
travel across research center property to access their facilities. The three Federal agencies have discussed concerns over crossing property lines, the need to have uninterrupted access to the properties, and the need to improve security near perimeter fencing of the research center. The agencies have identified properties suitable for exchange on their boundaries which will provide public access to the farm while providing the means to improve security outside the fencing of the research center and the Central Intelligence Agency. Though the immediate security concerns have previously been addressed through a temporary agreement, legislation is needed to codify the land exchange. I include in the RECORD an exchange of letters to Chairman BILLSHUSTER of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the responses. We thank them for agreeing to help expedite consideration of this bill today. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On June 27, 2017, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported without amendment H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I ask that you allow the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary cooperation shown by you and your staff over matters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land. As noted, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure received an additional referral on this legislation. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 1397, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure agrees to forgo action on this bill. However, as you noted, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Should a conference on the bill be necessary, I appreciate your agreement to support my request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. Thank you for your cooperation on this matter and for agreeing to place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the bill report and the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1397 authorizes the National Park Service and the Federal Highway Administration to comply with a longstanding agreement regarding two parcels of land near Claude Moore Colonial Farm in McLean, Virginia. Specifically, the bill transfers a small parcel within the boundary of the George Washington Memorial Parkway from the Department of the Interior to the Department of Transportation. The bill also transfers a half acre within the TurnerFairbank Highway Research Center from the Department of Transportation to the Department of the Interior. Simply put, this bill permits a one time land transfer that was agreed to 15 years ago. Ultimately, this will improve management efficiency and save taxpayer money. The bill is noncontroversial and has been a longstanding legislative priority of the National Park Service. I commend the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) for her bipartisanship, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ). Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1397, which would authorize this Federal land exchange between the National Park Service and the Federal Highway Administration. As has been discussed, at issue is the jurisdiction of an access road adjacent to the Claude Moore Colonial Farm, a privately funded living history museum which is part of the National Park Service and in my district in McLean, Virginia. Claude Moore Farm is a wonderful way to experience what life was like on a small family farm for the average family in the late 1700s, not the plantations that we often see preserved, but a very small, average family farm. Claude Moore Farm is tucked in right next to the CIA, as has been mentioned, and the jurisdiction of this particular access road off of George Washington Memorial Parkway has not been clear and has resulted in confusion and unnecessary security concerns. Over the years, general use of this access road has set off security alarms at Langley. And this confusion has not only been difficult for security personnel; it has also cost taxpayer resources. On September 11, 2002, the National Park Service and the Federal Highway Administration entered into an agreement under which the transfer of administrative jurisdiction, management, and maintenance of the lands in question were agreed upon. Since then, the two parties have been abiding by these rules. What this agreement does now is make this permanent in a legislative fix. It is a commonsense, bipartisan bill. We worked on this with Senator WARNER also. Last year he was able to get it attached to the energy package, but that did not pass, so we now need this to move forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this straightforward, noncontroversial bill. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for yielding. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1397. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PASCUA YAQUI TRIBE LAND CONVEYANCE ACT Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1404) to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1404 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act’’. 
For the purposes of this Act, the following definitions apply: 
The Tribe may not conduct gaming activities on lands taken into trust pursuant to this Act, either as a matter of claimed inherent authority, under the authority of any Federal law, including the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), or under regulations promulgated by the Secretary or the National Indian Gaming Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1404, the Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act, sponsored by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), the ranking member on the National Resources Committee. H.R. 1404 would authorize a land exchange involving the Tribe, the Tucson Unified School District, and the Department of the Interior. Under the bill, a 39.65acre parcel of land currently held by the district shall be placed in trust for the benefit of the Tribe if the district relinquishes all right, title, and interest to it. A 13.24acre parcel of land shall be sold by the U.S. to the district at fair market value, and a Federal interest of 27.5 acres of land held by the district shall be cleared in exchange for the district paying the appraised value of the Federal interest. The Federal interest is a reversionary interest imposed on certain land patented to the district under the Recreation and Public Purposes Act of 1926. All transfers under the bill are subject to valid existing rights. Gaming pursuant to the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act would be prohibited on lands taken into trust under the bill. This bill is substantively similar to the bill the House passed during the 114th Congress. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsor. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation represents the final part of a collaborative land agreement between the Pascua Yaqui Tribe, located in southern Arizona, and the Tucson Unified School District, TUSD. H.R. 1404 will transfer a 40acre parcel currently managed by TUSD under the Recreation and Public Purposes Act into a trust for the Tribe. Two additional parcels of land will be transferred to the TUSD, provided that the TUSD pays fair market value so that it may better plan for the future needs of the school district in the areas near the Tribe’s reservation. I want to commend the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), the ranking member and sponsor of the bill, not only for his leadership on the Natural Resources Committee, but for bringing this legislation forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1404, as was stated by my two colleagues, is a culmination of a longstanding land agreement between Tucson Unified School District and the Pascua Yaqui Tribe. In the 113th Congress, we finalized part of that agreement with the passage and signing of H.R. 507, which conveyed the two 10acre parcels. Both of my colleagues have stated the purpose of the legislation, the need for the legislation. The passage of this bill will complete the second part of that agreement, and both parties involved, as well as the surrounding communities, all see mutual benefit in this. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the bill is acted upon positively, that it passes. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman BISHOP for his cooperation in working with our staff to bring this to the floor today, and I urge its adoption. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, briefly, the bill is identical to H.R. 2009, which passed in the 114th Congress by voice vote. That is why, as well as what we have heard today, I urge quick adoption of this legislation once again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1404. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR TO ACQUIRE CERTAIN PROPERTY RELATED TO THE FORT SCOTT NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1541) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1541 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1541, sponsored by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ), removes the statutory prohibition preventing the Secretary of the Interior from acquiring a structure known as the Lunette Blair blockhouse and including the structure in the boundary of the Fort Scott National Historic Site. Congress initially deemed the Lunette Blair blockhouse anachronistic and excluded the structure from the boundaries of the Fort Scott National Historic Site. The National Park Service now wants to add the blockhouse to expand the interpretation of the site and to demonstrate its different roles throughout American history. The private citizens that currently maintain the blockhouse would like to donate the structure to the National Park Service. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support preservation of this unique piece of Kansas’ heritage, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1541 authorizes the National Park Service to expand the boundary of the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas. b1700 Fort Scott was designated as a National Historic Landmark back in 1964. Eight years later, in 1972, Congress established the site as a unit of the National Park Service ‘‘to commemorate the significant role played by Fort Scott in the opening of the West, as well as the Civil War and strife in the State of Kansas that preceded it.’’ The site is currently a modest 16 acres. The additions authorized by this bill will add approximately 3.8 acres to the park. The properties to be added include the only intact Civil War era building, Civil War entrenchments and fortifications, and home sites of the first AfricanAmerican families who settled in the area after the war. Preserving the story of freedom on the frontier is an important goal, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I note that the sponsor, Ms. JENKINS , was unable to be here to speak in support of her bill. She was unavoidably detained in her district due to a flight cancellation today. However, I have her statement in strong support of the measure. On her behalf, I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1541, legislation that would strike a prohibition in the Fort Scott National Historic Site’s enabling law that prohibited the incorporation of the structure known as the Lunette Blair blockhouse into the site’s formation. Fortunately, the blockhouse still sits right across the street from the historic site, where, under the future care of the National Park Service, it can remain on display in perpetuity without disrupting the grounds’ antebellum view shed, successfully linking the site’s frontier fort structures with the community’s Civil War legacy. Located in the historic town of Fort Scott, Kansas, the Fort Scott National Historic Site preserves the important story of the original frontier fort’s role in nineteenthcentury America. It serves as a physical snapshot of the pioneer days of westward migration of a young republic, from its initial construction 175 years ago, and portrays a figurative stepping stone upon the prairie toward a transcontinental nation. However, the story of the community of Fort Scott continues from that point on as the town grew around the shuttered fort of the same name. The community’s history itself invokes the violent struggles of the era we all know as Bleeding Kansas and the conflicts of the Civil War. After the U.S. Army demobilized Fort Scott in 1853 following the collapse of a permanent Indian frontier, private residents purchased the last of its property; the buildings of the old fort became the new town. Soon after, Americans of opposing sentiments, abolitionists, free staters, and Border Ruffians alike, settled the area throughout the rest of the decade in turmoil. While the territory of Kansas ultimately became the free state of Kansas on January 29, 1861, violent conflict soon engulfed the entire nation. During the Civil War, the Union Army militarized the town of Fort Scott to store Union supplies and to deter Confederate invasions into Southeast Kansas. The Union Army constructed many fortifications in the surrounding area, including four garrisoned blockhouses, or ‘‘lunettes,’’ fortified structures with designated names, such as Fort Lincoln, Fort Insley, Fort Henning, and Fort Blair, in order to house soldiers and armaments while protecting the town’s approach. While these structures successfully deterred such attacks, the U.S. War Department considered these four blockhouses as surplus property after the Civil War and sold them at auction to private individuals. The structure called Fort Blair, known locally today as Lunette Blair is the sole remaining Civil War blockhouse standing today. Mr. Speaker, it is only through the diligent stewardship of the citizens of Fort Scott, Kansas, and their dedication to preserve the community’s heritage, that the Lunette Blair blockhouse still stands after all these years. Members of the Fort Scott community support the donation of the blockhouse to the National Park Service and this proposal is in line with the sites’ overall mission: to tell the encompassing story of Fort Scott’s role in westward migration and to demonstrate the community’s contribution in preserving our Union during the Civil War. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1541. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE EXPANSION ACT Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1719) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1719 would authorize the expansion of the John Muir National Historic Site by approximately 44 acres. Located in the San Francisco Bay Area, in Martinez, California, this site preserves the 14room Italianate Victorian mansion where John Muir lived, as well as a 325acre tract of native oak woodlands and grasslands owned by the Muir family. The additional proposed acreage in this bill is directly adjacent to the current site and will allow for better public access to trails in the area. This acreage will be donated to the National Park Service and will not be acquired with any Federal dollars. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1719 authorizes the National Park Service to expand the boundary of the John Muir National Historic Site and acquire 44 acres of land from the Muir Heritage Land Trust. The donation will expand the site and help carry on Muir’s important legacy of conservation and environmental stewardship. John Muir is one of our Nation’s most respected and revered ecologists. His writings have inspired millions, and his activism and advocacy led to the establishment of some of our first and most iconic national parks. From the moment he set foot in Yosemite Valley, John Muir was consumed with its natural wonder and beauty. He became Yosemite’s most vocal champion, but he didn’t spend his whole life there. From 1890 until his death in 1914, Muir lived on a farm not far from San Francisco. It was from this corner of the bay area that Muir cofounded the Sierra Club and helped lay the groundwork for a century of conservation. John Muir’s tireless advocacy led to the creation of Yosemite and Sequoia National Parks, and his spirit and enduring legacy led to the protection of much more. Passage of H.R. 1719 will contribute to John Muir’s legacy and it will help to protect and conserve the place where he found solace and inspiration in his later years. Mr. Speaker, I thank the bill’s sponsor, Representative DESAULNIER from California, and I urge swift passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from California for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1719, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. This bipartisan legislation will expand the Martinez, California, historic site in my district that celebrates the life and legacy of John Muir. Muir was a lifelong conservationist, a leading advocate of the National Park Service, and a cofounder of the Sierra Club. He worked to establish and protect national parks, including Yosemite, Sequoia, Grand Canyon, and Mount Rainier. The John Muir National Historic Site, which includes the home where he lived, covers 330 acres of Contra Costa County where Muir championed the revolutionary idea that wild spaces should be set aside for all to enjoy. This bill would make it possible for the National Park Service to accept a donation of 44 acres of land from the John Muir Land Trust, improving access to the park and its scenic trails, including those on Mount Wanda, named after Muir’s eldest daughter. The trail systems are accessible for hikers, bikers, and equestrians, including critical connections to the 550mile Bay Area Ridge Trail and to nearby protected lands along the Franklin Ridge corridor. As John Muir once said, ‘‘everybody needs beauty, as well as bread, places to play in . . . where nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike.’’ Mr. Speaker, I thank my predecessor, Congressman George Miller, who championed this bill. I also thank the Natural Resources Committee chair, Chairman BISHOP ; Ranking Member GRIJALVA ; the subcommittee chairman, Mr. MCCLINTOCK from California; and subcommittee ranking member, Ms. HANABUSA for their leadership in bringing H.R. 1719 to the floor today. I am grateful for the support of 21 of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who cosponsored this legislation, and to Senator KAMALA HARRIS for leading the bill’s counterpart in the U.S. Senate. I also thank the John Muir Land Trust for its hard work and dedication preserving and protecting this valuable parkland and shoreline in Contra Costa County for future generations. This legislation puts a fitting emphasis on the National Park Service’s centennial celebrations, helping to preserve the trails and lands that surround the longtime home of the man known as the ‘‘father’’ of the U.S. National Park Service. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bipartisan legislation, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Committee on Natural Resources, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1719, the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act,’’ authorizing the Department of the Interior to acquire an additional 44 acres of land to expand the John Muir National Historic Site, which currently stretches across 330 acres in the East Bay of San Francisco and includes the home where legendary naturalist John Muir lived until he died in 1914. The John Muir National Historic Site, established by Congress in 1964, is located in Martinez, California and honor one of the nation’s foremost conservationists, whom historians refer to as the ‘‘Father of the National Park Service.’’ The historic site preserves the 14room Italianate Victorian mansion where the naturalist and writer John Muir lived, as well as a 
nearby 325 acre tract of native oak woodlands and grasslands historically owned by the Muir family. H.R. 1719 authorizes the Department of the Interior to acquire by donation approximately 44 acres to expand the boundary of John Muir National Historic Site. The acreage to be acquired is directly continuous with Mount Wanda and will allow for better public access to trails. In the 114th Congress, H.R. 1289, a bill identical to H.R. 1719, passed the House by voice vote. Additionally, a similar bill, H.R. 5699, was introduced in the 113th Congress by former Congressman George Miller, and passed the House by a vote of 361–39. Companion legislation, S. 729, has been introduced in the Senate by Senator KAMALA  HARRIS of California. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1719 is a fitting tribute to one of America’s greatest citizen activists, the cofounder of the Sierra Club, and a central actor in the successful effort to establish Yosemite National Park. I urge all Members to join me in voting for H.R. 1719. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1719, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CLEAR CREEK NATIONAL RECREATION AREA AND CONSERVATION ACT Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1913) to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, California, to designate the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness in such counties, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1913 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act’’. 
In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the approximately 21,000 acres of Federal lands located in Fresno County and San Benito County, California, and generally depicted on a map entitled ‘‘Proposed Joaquin Rocks Wilderness’’ and dated February 14, 2017, is designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System and shall be known as the ‘‘Joaquin Rocks Wilderness’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1913, introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ), is a bipartisan bill that reopens public access and facilitates recreational activities in central California. The bill designates 63,000 acres as the Clear Creek National Recreation Area, 21,000 acres as the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness, and releases 1,500 acres of wilderness study area. Once considered a world class off highway vehicle, or OHV, recreation designation, the Clear Creek area has been closed to the public for nearly a decade due to concerns from the EPA about naturally occurring asbestos. However, after commissioning a study of the area, the State of California’s OffHighway Motor Vehicle Recreation Division found a minimal health risk to OHV users from exposure to naturally occurring asbestos. Despite these findings and appeals from local communities and OHV users, the Bureau of Land Management has not reopened the area to the public or for OHV use. This bill remedies the situation by reopening and redesignating the area as the Clear Creek National Recreation Area and including special provisions to prioritize and facilitate longterm, sustainable offhighway vehicle access and recreation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1913 establishes the Clear Creek National Recreation Area and the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness Area on land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in the central coast region of California. From hiking and hunting to offhighway vehicle use, those designations will improve and enhance access for a variety of recreational activities, while ensuring that ecologically sensitive and unique areas are managed in a way that supports their lasting and permanent protection. In addition to the many ecological benefits they provide, including clean air and clean water, wilderness areas throughout the country play a large role in supporting the approximately $646 billion per year outdoor recreation economy, so I am pleased that we are advancing this bill to add 21,000 acres of the National Wilderness Preservation System. This bill has strong local support from San Benito County government officials and a number of offhighway vehicle and wilderness groups. These advocates understand that Clear Creek is important to the economy, and they have fond memories of the recreational opportunities when they were younger. I have received numerous support comments from my constituents, the offhighway vehicle community, and other California residents about the importance of Clear Creek to their family and how the closure has impacted them. It is time to honor the desire of my constituents in California’s 20th Congressional District and pass this bill once again. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  letters in support of the bill. 
SANBENITO COUNTY , Hollister, CA, June 1, 2017. Re Letter in Support of H.R. 1913. Hon. JIMMY PANETTA , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE PANETTA : I would like to express my support of proposed legislation H.R. 1913. On at least three previous occasions, the San Benito County Board of Supervisors has formally expressed their support of this proposed measure in the form of H.R. 1776 as submitted by thenCongressman Sam Farr. As background, the Serpentine Area of Critical Environmental Concern (ACEC) of the Clear Creek Management Area (CCMA) was closed in 2008 based on a study by the EPA which concluded that naturally occurring asbestos (NOA) posed a public health risk. However, in 2010, the Off Highway Motor Vehicle Recreation (OHMVR) Division of the State of California Department of Parks and Recreation Commissioned an independent OHVspecific risk assessment of NOA exposure within the Serpentine ACEC of the CCMA. This report, completed by the International Environmental Research Foundation (IERF), concluded that management and operation strategies could be employed to allow for offhighway vehicle (OHV) recreation in the CCMA without exposing the public to higher than acceptable levels of NOA and without presenting a serious risk to human health. Specifically, the risk of OHV usage five days per year, for eight hours on each of those days, was equated to being similar to the lifetime risk of smoking less than one cigarette one the same one year period, and the report noted that other recreational activities, such as swimming, hiking and snow skiing, are over 100 times more dangerous. In light of this report which directly contradicts the conclusions of the EPA study and undermines the necessity of BLM actions taken since 2008 in reliance of that study, it would appear that closure of the ACEC is not scientifically warranted, and especially not during winter months when dust from OHV activity is greatly reduced. Therefore, the County supports opening the area to OHV users once again and allowing the public access to this natural area which is easily accessible to the urban residents in the San Jose/San Francisco metropolitan areas. H.R. 1913, which would establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, is essential to enhancing public access to natural and scenic areas within our State. The lack of evidence of a serious health risk is reinforced by the fact that there is 
the lack of any documented case of any person, whether recreational, visitor or governmental employee, injured by NOA within the ACEC despite the use of the area for decades. Therefore, the activities taken to close the area are especially troubling considering the effect of the closure on the public generally, as well as the local economy. Access to recreational areas within San Benito County, including the CCMA, provides a necessary and substantial component to the local economy which has been drastically affected by the recent economic climate. The BLM’s past decision to close the Clear Creek area has already seriously affected San Benito County’s economic vitality. The County could understand such action if there was truly a serious health risk presented by use of the CCMA, but there is no generally accepted scientific evidence, especially during wetter winter months. The Clear Creek Management Area was among the five most popular areas cited by California offhighwayvehicle (OHV) users in a 1990 study conducted by the California Department of Parks and Recreation. Many of these users were residents of the San Jose and San Francisco Bay. In 2003 and 2004, there were an estimated 50,000 visitors to the CCMA, largely attributable to allowed OHV usage. In conclusion, the Board of Supervisors supports the proposed legislation, as well as designation of the Clear Creek Management Area as a National Recreation Area, designation of OHV recreation as a ‘‘prescribed use’’ within the National Recreation Area, and providing that the management plan of the Clear Creek National Recreation Area, including OHV routes, open areas, number of permitted OHV events and other recreational activities should be as set forth in the 2005 Clear Creek Travel Management Plan. Thank you for your consideration of this letter. Respectfully, JERRY MUENZER , Supervisor District 4, Board of Supervisors. 
CALIFORNIA WILDERNESS PROJECT , Cottonwood, CA, April 20, 2017. Hon. JIMMY PANETTA , Washington, DC. DEARMR. PANETTA : We greatly appreciate your sponsorship of H.R. 1913, the Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act. The legislation will permanently protect 21,000 acres of BLM land in Fresno and San Benito counties by its inclusion in the National Wilderness Preservation System. The proposed Joaquin Rocks Wilderness follows the steep northern slope of Joaquin Ridge which climbs high above the floor of the western San Joaquin Valley. Rising up over 4,000 feet from the valley floor, the striking Joaquin Rocks are the centerpiece of this remote area. These three scenic 250′ tall monoliths are the eroded remnants of an ancient vaqueros sandstone formation. The Joaquin Rocks are named for the legendary Joaquin Murieta, believed by some to be a heroic figure early California and an outlaw by others. The Joaquin Rocks are said to have provided a secluded hiding place for him and his band place during the 1850s. The area also shows archeological evidence of past Native American occupation. The rugged area features deep canyons where oak woodlands cloak the numerous spur ridges that descend to the valley. Vegetation in the area includes, blue oak, California juniper, grey pine, chaparral, and native grasslands. Due to the cooler climate provided by its elevation, the area provides outstanding displays of native wildflowers well into summer. The steep cliffs of the Joaquin Rocks—and the numerous other towering sandstone formations found throughout the area—are host to numerous falcons, hawks and owls. They could also provide potential nesting habitat for the California condor which has been reintroduced into the nearby Gavilan Range. One of the peaks of the Joaquin Rocks—La Centinela—hosts a vernal pool that supports fairy and tadpole shrimp. The Joaquin Rocks proposed wilderness represents a unique opportunity to preserve one of central California’s most outstanding natural landscapes and we sincerely appreciate Mr. Panetta’s efforts to protect it for future generations. Best Regards, GORDON JOHNSON , Director. 
APRIL 10, 2017. Hon. JIMMY PANETTA , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE PANETTA : As rep resentatives of national motorized recreation organizations we write in support of the ‘‘Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act’’ (H.R. 1913). This legislation would designate 75,000 acres of Federal land in San Benito and Fresno Counties in California as the Clear Creek National Recreation Area (NRA) and would ensure access for the responsible use of offhighway vehicles (OHVs) in the area into the future. Clear Creek was closed in 2008 based on a questionable safety rationale related to exposure to asbestos. Subsequently the California OffHighway Motor Vehicle Recreation Commission commissioned an independent risk assessment study which concluded that management and operational strategies could be effectively employed in the area to allow OHV use without exposing the public to unacceptable risks. H.R. 1913 would guarantee that moving forward, the area will be managed in such a way as to provide for all sorts of legitimate and responsible recreation, while also providing for the safety of all of the area’s visitors. Our support for H.R. 1913 is possible because of the endorsement of the bill from a broad array of local OHV organizations, businesses and enthusiasts. This local support is warranted not only because the legislation would reopen the popular OHV area, but because a diverse group of constituencies worked together on the bill. We thank you for your statement upon introduction which makes it clear that you recognize the importance of multiple uses on public lands—‘‘This bipartisan bill not only bolsters our area’s conservation efforts, it also promotes recreation and tourism in our region. When this bill passes, locals and visitors will no longer be restricted from enjoying all that Clear Creek Management Area has to offer.’’ We applaud this approach and hope that other Members of Congress will look to H.R. 1913 as a model for how to garner support for land use legislation. Thank you for introducing this important bill. We look forward to working with you as it moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, Larry Smith, Executive Director, Americans for Responsible Recreational Access; Nicole Nicholas Gilles, Executive Director, American Sand Association; Don Amador, Western Representative, BlueRibbon Coalition, Inc.; Duane Taylor, Director, Federal Affairs, Motorcycle Industry Council; Russ Ehnes, Executive Director, National OffHighway Vehicle Conservation Council; Tom Yager, Vice President, Recreational OffHighway Vehicle Association; Stuart D. Gosswein, Sr. Director, Federal Government Affairs, Specialty Equipment Market Association; Kathy Van Kleeck, Senior Vice President, Government Relations, Specialty Vehicle Institute of America; Steve Egbert, Vice President, United Four Wheel Drive Associations, Inc. CALIFORNIA WILDERNESS  COALITION , Anderson, CA, May 19, 2017. Subject: Support for H.R. 1913, the Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act Hon. JIMMY PANETTA , U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN PANETTA : We are pleased to offer our support for H.R. 1913, the Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act. We strongly support the designation of the proposed 21,000acre Joaquin Rocks Wilderness and the protection of over 31 miles of streams as wild and scenic rivers. We believe that the bill strikes a reasonable balance between environmental protection, offroad vehicle recreation, public safety and other considerations in the Clear CreekJoaquin Rocks area. Joaquin Rocks is one of the dramatic scenic features in the region, with its three prominent pinnacles of rock standing like sentinels above the San Joaquin Valley. Its oak woodlands, grasslands and other plant communities provide important habitat for sensitive plant and wildlife species. Joaquin Rocks also has important historical values as, among other things, the former hideout of the notorious outlaw Joaquin Murrieta. Thank you for introducing and working to advance the legislation. Please do not hesitate to contact us if we can assist you in this or any other public landsrelated matter. Sincerely, RYANHENSON , Senior Policy Director. 
Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill, and I thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member G RIJALVA  for their leadership, their work, and assistance in getting this bill to the floor of the House of Representatives. I also thank Representatives DAVID VALADAO , JEFFDENHAM , and P AULCOOK, as well as my predecessor, Representative Sam Farr, and our staffs for their work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge quick adoption of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend for introducing this legislation, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1913. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WESTERN OREGON TRIBAL FAIRNESS ACT Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1306) to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1306 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would first like to acknowledge the gentlemen from Oregon, Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. W ALDEN , for their hard work on this important piece of legislation, which will benefit several Indian Tribes in the State of Oregon. b1715 H.R. 1306 benefits three recognized Tribes in western Oregon by conveying publiclyowned forestlands to two of them, and to improve the management of forestlands currently held in trust for a third Tribe. Various iterations of H.R. 1306 have been considered multiple times in previous Congresses, and nearly identical bills benefiting some or all of these Tribes were passed by the House in the 113th and 114th Congresses. Title I of H.R. 1306 would place title to approximately 17,519 acres of public land in Oregon in trust for the benefit of the Cow Creek Umpqua Tribe. Lands to be held in trust under this section are depicted on a specific map, and the conveyance of the land in trust shall be subject to valid existing rights. A substantial amount of the public land placed in trust for the Tribe is currently part of the Oregon and California railroad land grant, managed by the Bureau of Land Management. Under title I, the Secretary is required to reclassify an equal acreage of public domain land located in the vicinity of the land given to the Tribe, as O&C land. Land placed in trust by the Tribe under title I may not be used for gambling under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, and timber harvested from such land shall be subject to Federal law restricting the export of unprocessed logs. Title II of the bill would provide that seven tracts of land currently managed by the Bureau of Land Management, totaling 14,742 acres, be held in trust for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians. The parcels so transferred are located in western Oregon’s Coos, Douglas, Benton, and Lane Counties, and include tracts such as the Coos Head, the Talbot Allotment, and the Umpqua Eden parcels, which are of particular cultural significance to the Tribes, as well as areas which are managed for timber production. Title III would correct a situation with respect to the management of the Coquille Tribal Forest in Oregon. This forest has been regulated as part of the Northwest Forest Plan, which is inconsistent with the management of other triballymanaged forests in the United States. Under this title, the Coquille Tribe would manage its forest under the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act. This will improve the Tribe’s ability to manage its timber resources. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1306 is a culmination of years of work to address the wrongs of the past. The termination era in Federal Indian policy is one of the darkest chapters in American history. In Oregon, all but one of the Tribes lost their Federal recognition. Fortunately, the Federal Government eventually saw the error of their ways and restored the Tribes, but they were now left with nonexistent or inadequate land bases. H.R. 1306, the Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act, will go a long way in 
helping reestablish, longpromised land bases for the Oregon Tribes, while also giving them the ability to effectively manage their land on their own terms. I want to thank our colleagues from Oregon, Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. W ALDEN , for listening to the needs of the Oregon Tribal people and continuing to push this bipartisan legislation. The previous version of this bill passed the House by voice vote last Congress, and I now urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, due to flight delays, I was unable to speak on the floor in support of my legislation. The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act is a bipartisan, nocost, common sense bill that will go a long way to helping resolve some of the problems the Federal government and its haphazard policy shifts have created for three western Oregon tribes. The bill provides fairness for the Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, and the Coquille Indian Tribe. Provisions of this bill were passed by voice vote in both the 113th and 114th Congresses. I hope this Congress it can finally become law. The tribes have waited entirely too long to receive the fairness owed to them. For over a hundred years federal policies have unfairly disadvantaged Indian tribes in Western Oregon. After signing many treaties with the Tribes, the United States removed them from their original homelands and put them on only two reservations—established to house potentially more than 60 tribal governments. In 1954, Congress made things even worse. All tribes west of the Cascades lost federal recognition when the Western Oregon Termination Act became law. Scholars called it The Termination Era, and it was terrible federal Indian policy. It was so bad, that it was formally rebuked by Congress less than 30 years later. In the 1970’s, Congress began the process of restoring the Western Oregon tribes to federal recognition and cleaning up the mess and injustice the United States had made. In fact, I began my Congressional career as the original sponsor of the Coquille Restoration Act, now law, which restored one of Oregon’s terminated tribes. Yet even today, it remains difficult for these tibes to function as the sovereign nations they are and to govern themselves effectively. Unlike many tribes, the Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw Tribe, as well as the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, are deprived of any land held in trust. Unlike any other tribe in the United States, the Coquille Indian Tribe must function under a legal anomaly with regard to managing its forest. The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act makes good on decadesold promises to restore land bases for the Coos and Cow Creek Tribes, and it puts the Coquille Indian Tribe’s forest management on equal footing with those of other Indian tribes nationwide. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1306. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SAINT FRANCIS DAM DISASTER NATIONAL MEMORIAL ACT Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2156) to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and national monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2156 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Saint Francis Dam Disaster National Memorial Act’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Saint Francis Dam disaster is considered one of the worst civil engineering catastrophes in the 20th century. H.R. 2156, introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), my good friend, recognizes the incident’s devastation and subsequent impacts on the residents of northern Los Angeles County by establishing a national memorial and monument to preserve the area for future generations. The bill authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to establish the memorial using donations from the community, working in consultation with the Santa Clarita City Council and the public. No taxpayer funds are authorized for the construction of the memorial. The bill also authorizes the creation of a 440acre monument that will encompass the Saint Francis Dam memorial. The boundaries of the monument were designated in consultation with the local community, and the bill includes provisions to ensure motorized access within the monument and continued grazing on any land where it is already permitted. The memorial and the monument created by this legislation are a fitting tribute to the 400 people who lost their lives tragically and thousands more whose lives were forever changed by the Saint Francis Dam disaster. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill introduced by Mr. KNIGHT , and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In one of the worst civil engineering failures of the 20th century, the breach of the Saint Francis Dam, on March 12, 1928, tragically took the lives of over 400 Americans. To honor the memory of those who lost their lives on that fateful day, H.R. 2156 establishes a national memorial at the disaster site in California’s Santa Clarita Valley. The memorial will provide a permanent place of remembrance and a place for healing. In addition to the memorial, H.R. 2156 establishes the Saint Francis Dam National Monument on 440 acres of public land managed by the Forest Service. The national monument designation authorizes the U.S. Forest Service, in consultation with a range of stakeholders, to develop educational programs and improve the health of regional watersheds. I want to thank Congresswoman JULIA BROWNLEY , as well as Congressman KNIGHT , along with the Santa Clarita Valley Historical Society, for bringing the legacy of the Saint Francis Dam disaster to the attention of Congress. As we have all heard: ‘‘Those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat it.’’ This bill received strong support last Congress and was voted out of the House. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), the author of the legislation. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, this is something that is near and dear to my heart. This is something that has affected our community. It happened less than 20 miles from my house, almost 100 years ago, and today I rise in remembrance of the Saint Francis Dam and the bill I sponsored, which would establish a national memorial to honor those in this terrible tragedy. The Saint Francis Dam failed on March 12, 1928, in the San Francisquito Canyon. Nearly 13 billion gallons of water crashed down upon the surrounding areas and, ultimately, traveled 54 miles down to the Pacific Ocean. The brute force of this floodwater claimed 437 lives, leaving in its wake unspeakable heartbreak and catastrophically impacted communities. The Saint Francis Dam disaster was America’s worst civil engineering failure of the 20th century. While the failure ultimately informed future dam construction and the development of new safety standards, these lessons were learned at a steep price. Many of the dams that were built after this were built because of the Saint Francis Dam issues, and they were built at a much different level. This bill takes a small but significant step in memorializing the men, women, and children who lost their lives in this tragedy. Those individuals represent a solemn part of currentday Santa Clarita Valley’s heritage, and I am humbled by this honor to commemorate their memory. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his support of this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2156. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LYTTON RANCHERIA HOMELANDS ACT OF 2017 Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 597) to take lands in Sonoma County, California, into trust as part of the reservation of the Lytton Rancheria of California, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 597 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2017’’. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Memorandum of Agreement entered into by the Tribe and the County concerning taking land in the County into trust for the benefit of the Tribe, which was approved by the County Board of Supervisors on March 10, 2015, and any addenda and supplement thereto, is not subject to review or approval of the Secretary in order to be effective, including review or approval under section 2103 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 81). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 597, sponsored by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), my colleague, would take into trust approximately 511 acres of land of noncontiguous fee land owned by the Lytton Rancheria. The land is adjacent to the town of Windsor, in Sonoma County, California. Under the bill, gaming under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act is prohibited on these lands. In 2009, the Tribe applied to the Department of the Interior to place title to approximately 127 acres of lands acquired in this area in trust. The application is still pending with the Department of the Interior. The Tribe has testified that it intends to use a portion of the lands for Tribal housing, while the rest would support a diverse range of economic development, including plans for a future resort and winery. I want to thank the sponsor of the legislation for his hard work on this bill, and I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Along with dozens of other California Tribes, the Lytton Band of Pomo Indians had its relationship with the Federal Government terminated in 1958. That resulted in the loss of its Federal status and all of its Tribal lands. The Tribe’s federally recognized status was eventually restored, but their reservation lands were not. As a result, with the exception of a small parcel of land that Congress provided for gaming in San Pablo, the Tribe has been left essentially landless and without a reservation since it was terminated. This bill will take approximately 511 acres in Sonoma County into trust as part of the reservation of the Lytton Rancheria. By directing these lands into trust, the United States will ensure that the Lytton Rancheria will finally have a permanently protected homeland on which they can, once again, live communally and plan for future generations. I commend Representative DENHAM , my neighbor to the east, for this bipartisan legislation, and I urge quick adoption of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 597. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank everyone for the warm welcome. I also want to thank Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY for all the attention he has given me for the past several weeks. Thank you so much. I am truly honored to be here and to be joined by my mother, Socorro; my brother, Gerry; my motherinlaw, Sally; and, of course, my amazing wife, Mary. My approach to public policy, politics, and government is shaped by the experiences of my family and of my community. As the son of immigrants who believes in this country and everything it promises, I am a living embodiment of that promise. I have a profound commitment to protecting the rights of immigrants no matter where they are from and no matter what God they worship. I am also a fighter for universal healthcare, because when I was 7 years old, I ended up in the hospital with pneumonia, and that 1week stay in the hospital almost bankrupted my family. I also believe that young people from working families should have access to debtfree education, because I know from my own personal experience that a high school degree is not always enough, and that is why a higher education can actually transform an individual’s life. I believe everyone deserves access to clean air and clean water and that climate change has exacerbated that challenge. And lastly, I don’t believe in the hype and the false divides that progressives can’t be for working families and for families from all over America. To the people of the 34th Congressional District, I know why they sent me to Congress. They want me to fight for our families, our State, and our values, and I will do that every single day, and I won’t let them down. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 345, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 346. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I attended the funeral of a close family member and was unable to fly back to the Capitol in time for votes today. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 1397, To authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes, and ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 1719, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 622 Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 622, a bill originally introduced by Representative Chaffetz of Utah, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. f 
PERMISSION FOR COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES TO FILE SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to file a supplemental report on the bill, H.R. 2810. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
VENEZUELA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, for more than 100 days, the Venezuelan people have been courageously protesting peacefully on the streets against the abusive regime of Nicolas Maduro. Since June, more than 1,400 people have been injured, over 3,600 have been detained, and over 100 people have been killed by Maduro’s thugs. Just days ago, Maduro moved opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez to house arrest after more than 3 unjust years in prison. But this diversion tactic is not enough. All political prisoners must be released. Maduro’s fraudulent constituent assembly must be stopped. And more names must be added to the sanctions list, especially those human rights abusers who are responsible for the violent actions against innocent civilians. This will send a strong message that the United States stands with the people in their struggle for democracy and for justice for all Venezuelans. 
UTILIZING UAS FOR INTERNATIONAL HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE AND DISASTER RELIEF (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, during the full committee markup of the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act, the House Armed Services Committee came together to produce a strong bipartisan bill that will ensure investment in and oversight of our military. We also recognized how valuable the Department is to international humanitarian assistance and disaster relief efforts as well. During markup, I offered an amendment that will require the Department to assess the viability of unmanned aircraft systems in support of international humanitarian aid missions. Although it is well understood that the DOD has operated UAS platforms effectively for over a decade in offensive roles, I believe it is also important we recognize the capabilities of UAS platforms to increase the speed and quality of response forces providing disaster relief and medical assistance to those suffering around the world. Think of critical disaster efforts, whereby vital medicine and supplies are needed quickly. UAS could very well make all the difference between life and death. I am pleased that this amendment was adopted during markup, and I thank my colleagues for their support of this endeavor. f 
b1915 OFFICER DOWN: MIOSOTIS FAMILIA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as fireworks boomed in the sky above the Bronx, 48yearold law officer Miosotis Familia sat in a mobile command unit. She was a good officer. Known for her nononsense approach to law enforcement, she was friendly with the neighborhood, spoke Spanish, and was always quick with a smile and a wave. But suddenly, an evil outlaw appeared at her window and, with a heart fatally bent on mischief, pointed a .38caliber revolver through the window and pulled the trigger, cold bloodedly murdering Officer Familia. She wore the uniform with the badge, the shield over her heart. Officer Familia was one of 10 siblings from an immigrant family from the Dominican Republic, and she had three children of her own. Our men and women in blue are being targeted, gunned down for simply wearing the uniform, gunned down by the scourge that prey on the police. Congress should take action and protect those who serve our Nation every day, all day, on the streets of America. Senator CORNYN and I have introduced the Back the Blue Act of 2017, which increases the penalties for the soulless criminals who intentionally target the law enforcement community. Peace officers are the last strand of wire in the fence between the law and the lawless, between good and evil. Taps has been played for the end of watch for Officer Familia. Her life may 
be gone, but her service and sacrifice are a reminder of those who give their lives to the thin blue line. So back the blue, Mr. Speaker, back the blue. And that is just the way it is. 
THE INVESTIGATION MUST CONTINUE (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump, Jr., has documented that he, Jared Kushner, and former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort met with a Russian lawyer with the understanding that she was a Russian Government agent and would provide damaging information on Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s effort to help President Trump’s campaign. The attempt by these top advisers to solicit the support of a hostile foreign power to win the American Presidency is unprecedented in our history. When an American political campaign is approached by a foreign source promising information on an opponent, they should contact the FBI. Unfortunately, the Trump campaign, instead, scheduled a meeting. All those who participated in the Trump Tower meeting must testify under oath before Congress. Mr. Trump, Mr. Manafort, Mr. Kushner, Mr. Goldstone, and Ms. Veselnitskaya must disclose to Congress the nature and details of their conversations, including any sources in the Kremlin. Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation must continue, and so must ours. 
CONGRATULATING MINNETONKA BOYS TENNIS CHAMPS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Minnetonka High School boys tennis team on their recent extraordinary State tournament victory. The Skippers won their second consecutive State title, led by Senior Adam Thompson and Junior Ben Wheaton. The team worked hard to win, with a final score of 4–3. This close victory displayed their competitive skill, and the way the Skippers carried themselves after the victory epitomizes the virtue of sportsmanship and humility. Mr. Speaker, with their strong determination and commitment to excellence, these student athletes exemplify the very best of their school and of our community. They excel both on the court and in the classroom. I offer my congratulations to the players, the coaches, and the parents. Congratulations to the Minnetonka boys tennis team on their victory and becoming State champs. THE PUBLIC TRUST HAS BEEN VIOLATED (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the son of Mr. Trump knew full well that he was accepting an invitation from a chain of individuals affiliated with the Kremlin: first, the liaison guy, the publicist, an operative of the Kremlin; the entertainer, the operative of the Kremlin; and then the attorney, who has affiliations through her family with the Kremlin. And then the idea was to receive information from a foreign, hostile nation about the opponent of his father. With all of his outpouring of honesty now, the question has to be why was this meeting hidden, and it has to be whether we are on the brink of seeing a situation where those involved have acted against the interests of the United States of America. Having just come back from a former Soviet bloc country, I know the distinction between the freedom in this Nation and the nonfreedom that Putin believes in. So I think it is important, as I have said over and over again, that the House Judiciary Committee needs to open up its investigation, take oversight over issues that are relevant to the Constitution and, of course, those individuals who are holding the public trust. The public trust has been violated, but I believe seriously that something more has been violated. There is Russian collusion: collusion in the election, skewing the idea of a fair election. This is what we are dealing with, and I am saddened by this situation. The Judiciary Committee must investigate the skewing of the election toward one candidate over another. 
RECOGNIZING PENN STATE UNIVERSITY CRITICAL LANGUAGE SCHOLARS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two Penn State University students who received critical language scholarships following their completion of the U.S. Department of State’s Critical Language Scholarship Program in the summer of 2016. The following students were two of the 564 total selected participants. A total of 5,700 students applied. Janet Purdy, of State College, reached an intermediate level of Swahili while studying in Tanzania; and Erika Pugh, of Boalsburg, achieved an advanced level of Arabic while studying in Russia. The Critical Language Scholarship Program is a crucial component of our Federal Government’s goal to encourage Americans to master languages that are essential to our national security and economic prosperity. These students study abroad in rigorous summer institutes, learning these critical foreign languages, while engaging with citizens of the host countries to further their cultural educations. We are proud of these two outstanding students from the Pennsylvania State University for their achievements. Congratulations, Janet and Erika. f 
RUSSIA’S ONGOING ASSAULT ON OUR DEMOCRACY CANNOT GO UNANSWERED (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Russia’s ongoing assault on our democracy and democracies around the globe cannot go unanswered. It has been a month since Russian sanctions passed the Senate 97–2, yet House Republican leaders continue to stall on bringing that worthy bill forward here. Why? Who or what are they protecting? Surely not liberty. Putin’s Russia targets journalists and political opponents for death. He shelters hackers that target democratic nations, including ours, and Russia hacks businesses to enrich Putin’s cronies. Russia’s illegal invasion of sovereign nations, the latest being Ukraine, with over 10,000 dead and over 2 million displaced, reminds us of the evil brutality of Russia’s kleptocratic rulers. Russia’s damaging expansionism needs to be stopped. Despite earlier denials, reports state that Donald Trump, Jr., Jared Kushner, and Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort knowingly met with a Kremlinaligned lawyer to secure damaging information about Hillary Clinton. This administration is not acting in the national interest, and the victim of their encounters is liberty herself. Let House Republican leaders stop the delays and bring forward strong sanctions legislation on Russia. Let us defend liberty and our rule of law as a beacon of hope for people everywhere, even those living in the grim reality of Russia. 
A VISIT TO ANIMAL ADVENTURE PARK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a new friend I made last week as I was traveling through the 22nd Congressional District: April the Giraffe. April is a resident of the Animal Adventure Park in Harpersville, New York; and many of you may already know April as the star of the Giraffe 
Cam which garnered worldwide attention this spring. The Giraffe Cam captured April giving birth to her baby calf, Tajiri. The live video was watched by more than 1 million viewers worldwide. I am happy to report that April and I had a great meeting and that Tajiri is growing and doing very well in the Animal Adventure Park. I also had the unique opportunity to pose for a selfie with April from high atop a perch. She was much obliging, especially since I had some carrots to offer her. Most importantly, during my visit to Animal Adventure Park, which is a beautiful preservation of wild animals from around the world, I learned that over the last 30 years the giraffe population numbers have declined by over 40 percent, and giraffes are now listed in the category of ‘‘vulnerable to extinction,’’ an important reminder that we can all do more to preserve wildlife and to protect precious wild species such as April and her darling baby, Taj, that share the planet with us. 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF MRS. MARTHA RIVERA CHAVIS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mrs. Martha Rivera Chavis, who passed away on July 6, 2017, at her home in Montclair, New Jersey. After receiving her degree in French civilization at the Sorbonne University in Paris, France, Mrs. Rivera Chavis served as the FrenchtoPortuguese translator for Angola’s Ambassador to the United Nations. It was there she met Reverend Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis, Jr., a civil rights leader and president of the National Newspaper Publishers Association. After marrying in 1988, Mrs. Rivera Chavis and her husband cared for nine Angolans, including six children with missing limbs, at their home in Montclair. Mrs. Rivera Chavis carried that empathy and compassion with her throughout life, including during her tenure as the head of the Women in NAACP committee, where she fought for justice, equality, and freedom for minority communities. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Rivera Chavis will be greatly missed by all who knew her. I send my thoughts and prayers to her husband, Benjamin, and her children and loved ones. 
PEOPLE ARE WORRIED ABOUT HEALTHCARE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, last week, as I traveled throughout my district, I heard time and time and time again from people worried about one issue: healthcare. I heard stories like Diane’s in Mundelein, who was able to get affordable coverage through ACA after losing her job of 30 years to outsourcing, and Claire’s, from Vernon Hills, who was diagnosed with neurofibromatosis just a month before her 26th birthday. Yet, because of ACA, she has insurance today, despite her preexisting condition. I was thrilled to learn that Claire recently got married, and is looking forward to pursuing her dreams: raising a family and living a long and productive life. Mr. Speaker, across the country, there are millions of stories just like these. The ACA is far from perfect and it needs work. I heard that from my constituents as well. I urge my colleagues here in Congress to listen to the people who share their stories with me and others and end this illconsidered repeal effort. Instead, let’s get to work together to deliver quality, affordable healthcare for all Americans. f 
b1930 REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES 399. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 399. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUTHERFORD ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
in Executive Order 13761, I have decided that more time is needed for this review to establish that the Government of Sudan has demonstrated sufficient positive action across all of those areas. For these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to amend the effective date to October 12, 2017, to provide the report required by Executive Order 13761 and revoke sections 1 and 2 of Executive Order 13067 and Executive Order 13412, provided that further action is taken by the Secretary of State, as set forth in Executive Order 13761, and to revoke the subsequent annual reporting requirement in Executive Order 13761. I am enclosing a copy of the Executive Order I have issued. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , July 11, 2017. 
THE TEST OF OUR PROGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to this hour, although I will probably take something less than that. I want to bring to the attention of the House and, more beyond that, the citizens of the United States what is happening here with all this talk about the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. I want to spend some time on that issue. I want to review exactly what the Affordable Care Act has done for Americans and what the repeal would do to Americans. Those are really two different ways to look at this. I want to start someplace else that has been a very special part of my thinking about government issues, about policies of all kinds, and it was something that Franklin Delano Roosevelt said during the height of the Depression as the American government and Mr. Roosevelt were talking about the various policies that were being discussed at the time. He laid out a test to which he would apply his judgment of a policy. It reads this way: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is rather we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ I see this as a profound and extremely important criteria upon which to judge many policies that come before us in bills, but it is also, I think, an extremely valuable way to judge the question of the Affordable Care Act: Has it added much to those who have little? I will try to answer that in a few moments. Similarly, in looking at the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much. When we consider the repeal of the Affordable Care Act—ObamaCare—does it add to those who have much? Does it add to those who have little? I will try to answer these questions in just a few moments. So does the Affordable Care Act add much to those who have little? The answer is: Categorically, it does. There is absolutely no doubt that the Affordable Care Act has helped those who have little. I will give a couple of examples. Just a couple. One, a beauty salon operator in Sacramento, California, around the age of 30, married, wanting to have children but not able to do so because she had no insurance. A smallbusiness operator, herself, maybe one parttime employee, unable to get insurance prior to the Affordable Care Act. My wife visited her after the Affordable Care Act went into place, and she was able to purchase private insurance through the subsidized market, and she happily, excitedly told my wife: And now my husband and I, we are going to have a baby. At last I have the insurance. And I want you to tell your husband ‘‘thank you.’’ That thanks is not to me. It is to the men and women of the Congress in 2010, myself included, and the Senate, and President Obama that signed the Affordable Care Act that set up a situation in which, through the California exchange, similar to other State exchanges, she was able to purchase insurance. Subsidized to be sure, but nonetheless, she was on her way to having a baby, or at least thinking about having a baby. I will come back to her in a few moments. A second person, small family farmer in my district unable to have insurance throughout her entire adult life. In and out of hospitals for everything from an accident on the farm to some more serious things. Facing bankruptcy. The Affordable Care Act gave her the opportunity to have insurance, to stabilize her life, her healthcare, and, importantly, be able to avoid the financial disaster of a major medical bill that would have clearly bankrupted her and put her out on the street. That is what the Affordable Care Act did to two constituents in my district. And that story is repeated over 20 million times around this Nation. More than 20 million Americans have been able to get health insurance as a result of Affordable Care Act. And 6.1 million young Americans have been able to stay on their parents’ insurance policies, not thrown off at the age of 18, but able to stay on until the age of 25. And 27 percent of Americans who have preexisting conditions—27 percent of us have some sort of preexisting condition—no longer a bar to being able to get insurance. I was the insurance commissioner in California for 8 years, and I saw the forms that the insurance companies would require be filled out. Everything in their life from the moment of their birth—in fact, before their birth, they needed to disclose every single event. Did you have pneumonia? Did you have an illness of this or that? All the way down the line. And if you answered ‘‘yes’’ to any one of those, you would probably not be able to get insurance. And 27 percent of the American public unable to buy insurance because of preexisting conditions, no longer the case in America today. It is gone. That is history. This is my experience. Thousands of times I saw this. If a person went through that entire checklist and there was some inaccuracy in the way they answered those questions and they went to the hospital with a serious illness that was supposed to be covered, it was common for the insurance companies to go back and do medical underwriting after the event and deny the coverage. Common practice. Something as mundane as: I did not have mumps when I was a child. Check, check, check. Oh, you had mumps? I am sorry, we are not going to pay for this operation. Those days are gone. The Affordable Care Act did that. In my own State of California, 3.7 million Californians are now insured due to the Medicaid expansion program, which we call MediCal in California. And 1.4 million people now have insurance through the exchange. The two examples I gave are but two of 1.4 million Californians that have insurance. So it works. And it is not just that. There are other things. Seniors, the infamous doughnut hole in which, under Medicare part D, the first couple of thousand dollars of drug expenses would be covered. And then serious illnesses, you blow through that quickly, and then you faced the doughnut hole, and it was out of your pocket. So you found seniors all across this country unable to afford the continuation of the drugs that kept them alive. It is gone—or will soon be gone. The Affordable Care Act collapses that doughnut hole so that in another 1
1⁄2 years, 2 years from now it would be gone and the Medicare part D would provide the drugs that are necessary to keep seniors alive. The repeal of the Affordable Care Act would end that and send those seniors back where they were before, facing the ominous doughnut hole. It goes on and on. Medicaid expansion, 20 million Americans covered; 3.7 million in California. The drop in insurance rates. Due to the Affordable Care Act, the uninsured rate is now the lowest in history. Consider this: 16 percent of Americans in 2010, before the Affordable Care Act, did not have insurance—16 percent of the 380 million of us. b1945 Today, it is down to just about 8 percent—excuse me, that is in 2016. There has been continued improvements since then, 8 percent. That is where those 22 million Americans are. So we have seen this over time. As a result of the Affordable Care Act, the 
uninsured in America have steadily decreased as the Affordable Care Act has taken hold. Hospitalacquired infections significantly reduced. Under the Affordable Care Act, unnecessary hospital readmissions due to infections, have fallen for the first time on record, dropping 8 percent between 2010 and 2015. Why has this happened, you ask? Because in the Affordable Care Act, there was a serious financial penalty to hospitals when there was a readmission as a result of a hospitalacquired infection. Is that important? It certainly is, for those who are not readmitted for infections. The annual lifetime benefits, you have heard about this. You know somebody in your family, in your community, who had a limit on their insurance policy, $100,000 a year, or maybe a lifetime exclusion or limit of $200,000, or $300,000, or some number. If you have a serious illness, you blow right up through that barrier, and your coverage, it is on your account. Hospital coverage and expenses are no longer covered by the insurance policy. That is gone. It is over. It doesn’t exist any longer in the United States. So the end to annual and lifetime limits is a direct result of the Affordable Care Act. Slower premium growth and a cap on outofpocket expenses. Due to the Affordable Care Act, all health policies now have a limit on outofpocket costs, which benefits all Americans. Free preventative care. Have you talked to any seniors recently? If you are on Medicare, you have an annual free checkup. What does that mean? It means that your high blood pressure that you didn’t know about, your onset for diabetes and other illnesses, you find out about it, deal with it, live longer, reduce the costs. In part, that is the reason that we have now seen that the Medicare viability, the financial viability of Medicare has been extended by nearly a decade as a result of the Affordable Care Act and the kind of policies that were built in it—for example, free preventative care. I have already talked about young adults being able to stay, and that is 2.3 million young adults. Lives saved from reductions in hospitalacquired conditions. Eightyseven thousand Americans are alive today because of better healthcare in the hospitals. Public satisfaction. Eightytwo percent of the consumers in the marketplace plans or newly insured under Medicare due to the ACA, the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, have expressed satisfaction with their coverages. Tax credits. Seven in 10 consumers in the marketplace got coverage through their tax credits. I already talked about preexisting conditions. Mental health and maternity care. Family values, well, we hear that all the time here on the floor. Family values, this is a family value. This is a family value, yes. And the Affordable Care Act is a family value because maternity coverage is guaranteed. The most basic element of family, babies are now covered. Maternity care is now guaranteed coverage under the Affordable Care Act. And from the moment that baby is born, through their life under the Affordable Care Act, they have a guaranteed coverage, regardless of any illness that they may have at birth. I can give you story after story that I found when I was an insurance commissioner in California. The family had coverage. The family actually had maternity coverage. The baby is born with a serious defect of some sort. There was no coverage for that baby because of a preexisting condition from the very moment of birth. That is not the case any longer in America as a result of the Affordable Care Act. We can go on and on, and probably we ought to. We have heard a lot. I am just going to keep this up here to remind all of us about a test of what good public policy can and should be. There has been a lot of talk now about the collapse of the insurance market. We have heard the President talk about the collapse of the insurance market. Any time he brings up the issue of the repeal of ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, he always prefaces it or follows his comments with: The insurance market is imploding. It is collapsing. We have heard that discussion here on the floor from the leaders of the majority party. The Affordable Care Act is collapsing. The insurance markets are collapsing. Oh, my, my. Interesting. Let’s see, this is the 10th of July. A report was issued by The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation—not a liberal organization, not a conservative organization, but one of the bestknown research organizations on healthcare in America. The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation issued a report on July 10, 2017, by Cynthia Cox and Larry Levitt. I won’t read it all to you, but I will read the discussion point. Early results from 2017 suggest the individual market is stabilizing and insurers in this market are regaining profitability. Insurance financial results show no signs of a market collapse. Hello. Anybody listening? Early results from 2017 suggest the individual market is stabilizing and insurers in this market are regaining profitability. Insurer financial results show no sign of market collapse. First quarter premium and claims data from 2017. First quarter premium and claims data—this is from the insurance companies—from 2017 support the notion that 2017 premium increases were necessary as a onetime market correction to adjust for a sicker than expected risk pool. Although individual market enrollees appear, on average, to be sicker than the market preACA, data on hospitalization in this market suggests that the risk pool is stable, on average, and not getting progressively sicker, as of early 2017. Some insurers have exited the market in recent years, but others have successfully expanded their footprints, as would be expected in a competitive market. Now the caveats. While the market, on average, is stabilizing, there remain some areas of the country that are more fragile. In addition—and here is the important point for any policymaker in Washington, D.C., from the President to the rest of us. In addition, policy uncertainty has the potential to destabilize the individual market generally. Mixed signals from the administration and Congress as to whether cost sharing subsidies under the Affordable Care Act and costsharing reduction payments will continue, or whether the individual mandate will be enforced, have led some insurers to leave the market or request larger premium increases than they would otherwise. Few parts of the country may now be at risk of having no insurers. If you don’t mind, I would like to go back over that again. Mixed signals from the administration—hello, President Trump and Congress. Hello, my colleagues—who have voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act, mixed signals from the administration and Congress as to whether costsharing subsidy payments will continue, or whether the individual mandate will be enforced, have led some insurers to leave the market or request larger premium increases than they would otherwise. So who is responsible for the collapse? Well, we can do some finger pointing, but then I would be admonishing—Mr. Speaker, I should do some fingerpointing, but I am not going to do it right now. I am going to go back here. ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much.’’ Okay. Let’s look at the repeal. Let’s judge the repeal based on that criteria. Maybe you don’t believe Franklin Delano Roosevelt was correct, but maybe we ought to just see what we are talking about here. The repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the legislation that passed this House, the tax provisions in the Affordable Care Act, it is somewhere north of a $700 billion to $800 billion reduction in taxes. That is a lot of tax reduction. That was in the legislation. I have argued repeatedly here on the floor and other places that it is the largest single transfer of wealth from the poor and the middle class to the super wealthy. That argument is factual because, what are the benefits? Who wins in the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the poor, or the 22 million to 24 million people who will lose their insurance as a result of the repeal of the Affordable Care Act? That was in the House bill. 
In the Senate bill, they are talking about similar numbers, 23 million, 24 million, 25 million people. That is a lot of Americans who are going to lose their insurance and are going to be personally, physically harmed as a result of the repeal. So who benefits? The other side of this piece of legislation is one of the largest tax reductions ever—not for the poor, small for the middle class, but oh, my, for the wealthy, the top 1 percent of Americans—excuse me—the top onetenth of 1 percent of Americans would have their taxes cut, on average, by $197,490 per year. That is the top onetenth of 1 percent. How about the top 100 wealthy families in America, five of whom are in this administration, the super wealthy, what does it mean to them? $4 million to $6 million a year reduction, on average, in their taxes. The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much. Need I stand here on the floor for hours driving home the point that the repeal of the Affordable Care Act is more than a taking away of healthcare benefits in which, if we were to believe the Senate and the Senate bill were to become law, 18 million Americans next year would lose their health insurance, and then beyond, another 5 million Americans in the years ahead. It is a test of our progress. It is whether we provide enough for those who have too little. It is pretty easy, a pretty easy criteria when applied against the repeal. Are we providing anything for them? No, you are taking away their healthcare, their health insurance, and, undoubtedly, their health and their lives. It doesn’t meet this test at all. On the tax side, oh, my, the bottom 80 percent of taxpayers in this Nation would receive the awesome, extraordinary benefit of a reduction of $160 a year in their taxes. b2000 That is what our Republicans have offered us with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Eighty percent of American taxpayers would receive the awesome, extraordinary benefit of a $160 annual reduction in their taxes, while the superwealthy, the top 100 families, a $4 million to $6 million annual reduction, and the top onetenth of 1 percent of Americans—wealthy—would receive a $197,490 reduction, on average. Mr. Roosevelt, President Roosevelt, laid out a clear criteria. So where are we? Where are we? We have the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation report yesterday. The insurance market is not collapsing, and where it is is the result of what this administration and Congress are doing. They are destabilizing the market. That is what is happening. That is why these insurers are leaving certain communities and certain States because they simply do not know what is going to happen. Insurance companies have to plan now—actually, a month or two ago— for the insurance policy that they will be selling in the fall and in the early winter, October, November, December, for the next year, the 2018 year. And they do not know because of what this Congress is doing; they don’t know how to price, and therefore market instability is the result. There is more to it than that. Under the law today, the Federal Government is supposed to be providing money for the exchanges. That money has been withheld under this administration in numerous ways, actively and proactively taking steps to undermine the insurance market so, presumably, they can say: ‘‘Oh, my, it is collapsing.’’ Well, if it is, it is the President’s fault, and it is the fault of this Congress in passing such legislation. Now, I hear a lot of talk, and it is correct, a lot of discussion about what we can do together. Let’s not fight. Let’s work together. Let’s improve the Affordable Care Act. We ought to, and we can. There are many ways it can be done. So what can we do? Well, we could immediately end the efforts to destabilize the market. That would be a good start, wouldn’t it? All that takes is an end to this effort to repeal and, rather, to do what the President asked us to do, and that is to work together as he drives forward policies that destabilize the market as he continually talks about repeal. But he also says, ‘‘Let’s work together.’’ I agree with him. Let’s work together. I ask the President to please stop his efforts to destabilize the market. So what can we do? How about if we allow the Federal Government to negotiate the price of drugs? We can’t do it now, but what if we did? Would that help stabilize the market? It would certainly help reduce the cost. That is not a bad idea. So idea one. Let’s allow the Federal and State governments to negotiate the price of prescription drugs and allow individuals to buy certain medications in Canada, for example, which they cannot, now, legally do. We might think about expanding programs that are proven to enhance quality and reduce costs, such as streamlining care coordination. Coordinate the care and medical services that an individual has, particularly for those with chronic conditions, where most of the healthcare dollars are spent. It has been proven. There are programs out there, pilot programs, and some are more permanent, that allow for coordination of benefits—that is, services—for those who have chronic illnesses. Part of that is found in the current Affordable Care Act. It is being done. It needs to be expanded. And we can dramatically improve the care and the health of individuals by coordinating their care, making sure, for example, that people with diabetes are able to get the drugs, get the treatment, work on their healthcare, work on the food they eat, and work on exercises, coordinate all of that. If you want to drive down the cost of healthcare, take the six chronic illnesses and coordinate the care. Keep people healthy. Keep them out of the hospital by being healthy. We can do that. We do, but not everywhere. Allow States greater flexibility in administering the Medicaid program. Our Republican colleagues talk about this. We should do it. I am in favor of it. I know from my experience as insurance commissioner in California that there are many things that can be done by the States as they deal with the peculiar and individual circumstances of the citizens of their State in altering the Medicaid program so that it can meet the needs of the State. Let’s do it, but not with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and stripping out of the program billions upon billions of dollars so there really is no money to do anything. That is flexibility in the Medicaid program. We have a national health insurance exchange program. It is there, but it has been reined in. It has not been allowed to grow as it could by the actions of Congress. Since the Republicans took control of Congress, they have withheld, they have reined in, the national health insurance exchange program. This is in States that refused to establish their own exchanges. Individuals can then go to the national exchange. But they don’t even know it is there because the advertising for the national exchange has been eliminated. So we can do that. It is pretty simple. Hey, folks across America, you don’t have a State exchange? You can come to the national exchange. You haven’t heard about it? I am not surprised because there is no advertising. There is no knowledge available to individuals. It is a pretty simple thing we can do. As that exchange grows, we begin to spread the risk across a wider population. In the early version of the Affordable Care Act here in the House of Representatives, we passed and I voted for what was known as the public option, a national public insurance option. The Senate removed it—mostly Republicans, but some Democrats didn’t think that was a good idea. I thought it was a good idea in 2009 when the issue came before us because I saw an advantage in a national insurance program. So there are five things that we can do right there, and there are many, many more. When the repeal of the Affordable Care Act passed through this House on the floor, my Democratic colleagues offered 22 amendments to improve the Affordable Care Act, to improve ObamaCare. They were all rejected. So much for working together. But let me make a baseline statement: Don’t repeal the Affordable Care Act; improve the Affordable Care Act. If you are determined to repeal the Affordable Care Act, there is not much 
we can work with. That is why I took the time to talk about the Americans that are now covered, the seniors that now have drug coverages, the end of discrimination based upon preexisting conditions. That is why I talked about those things. In a repeal—and the President called for a flatout repeal—that is gone. It is gone. If you want to do that, don’t count on me. I won’t be there. But if you want to take the Affordable Care Act and if you want to deal with the problems that we know are there, then let’s work together. I just laid out five things. There are 17 more that have been suggested by my Democratic colleagues. We can improve the wellbeing of Americans. We can help those people. As for my wife’s hairdresser, I don’t know if she is going to get pregnant because she doesn’t know if she is going to continue to have coverage. For that farmer, that woman who is running her own family farm, she doesn’t know either. There are 23 million Americans who are in that position—23, and quite possibly more—who don’t know if a year from now, 2 years from now, they will have health insurance. So, President Roosevelt: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. 
HONORING MR. CLARENCE GOODEN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the great community stewardship of Mr. Clarence Gooden, recently retired president of the CSX Railroad. In 2003, Mr. Speaker, I was newly elected sheriff of the city of Jacksonville, Florida, and my wife, Pat, and I were invited to a Christmas dinner hosted by Mr. Clarence Gooden and his wife, Corkie. It was during my discussions surrounding my new position as sheriff that I shared with Clarence and his wife how drug dealers had taken over Mallison Park, which in years past was actually the crown jewel of parks in the city of Jacksonville. I explained to them how the park manager had been severely battered by drug dealers, and though we had made several arrests in the park, the dealers continued to return, and the children were being denied the use of this great park. Mr. Speaker, I also shared with him a campaign promise that I had made to help atrisk youth through an expansion of an intervention program called the Police Athletic League into areas such as Mallison Park, which would offer atrisk youth sports programs, afterschool tutoring, food, and personal hygiene, all provided by specialized officers trained in intervention. Clarence asked me the cost of such an expansion, and I informed him it would be close to $100,000 to refurbish and move programs into Mallison Park. He immediately responded, Mr. Speaker, that he would raise those funds by April. I reminded him it was already the end of December, but he and Corkie assured me that they would meet an April deadline. Incredibly, Clarence devised a plan for what became known as the CSX Charity Train Ride, which entailed a fundraiser that gave contributors an amazing train ride with dinner and entertainment. The event was a first class success, and Clarence had raised all the funds necessary to refurbish Mallison Park and move the Police Athletic League into those new facilities. Their efforts led to an over 40 percent drop in violent crime within a 1 mile radius of Mallison Park. Over the years, the CSX Charity Train Ride grew into one of the largest single charity events in northeast Florida, and it continued to add additional charity recipients every year. Mr. Speaker, Clarence and Corkie, with the assistance of Mrs. Rosemary Thigpen, have raised, to date, over $4 million for over 10 local charities. Last year alone, they raised over $400,000 for charities, including Angelwood, the Police Athletic League, and the American Heart Association, just to name a few. Not only does he have a huge heart for the community, but he never lost his concern for others as he worked his way up throughout his career. Mr. Speaker, Clarence actually began as a laborer at Seaboard Coastline Railroad before it became CSX, and he worked his way up the ranks to the president’s office of a tier one railroad. He recently retired from CSX, and I know he will continue to have passion for others. I appreciate his dedication to the citizens of northeast Florida. I am sure I echo the thoughts of all when I wish him and Corkie continued good health and happiness in both his retirement and all of their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to seeing Mr. Gooden soon and presenting him with this coin as a token of the tremendous appreciation from all of those in the Fourth District whose lives Mr. Gooden, Mrs. Gooden, and CSX have touched. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2015 HEALTHCARE ISSUES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has been interesting to hear all the rhetoric about Republican efforts that a majority of Americans have wanted us to take. Going back to even before ObamaCare was passed, the majority of Americans didn’t want ObamaCare passed. I have been amazed at some of the rhetoric from across the aisle, I think from the former Speaker, who said something about how open their process was. Really? Anyway, I know sometimes our memories aren’t what they once were. That was not a terribly open process. I believe the Speaker back then said: We don’t need any Republican vote and we don’t want your input. Basically those were the words I recall. People were promised over and over again by the President of the United States that if you like your insurance, you can keep your insurance. On at least one occasion he even said the word ‘‘period,’’ there are no exceptions. If you like your insurance, you can keep your insurance. So it was quite disappointing. Some of us knew this was a disastrous bill. I did read it. I didn’t have to wait until Speaker PELOSI passed it to find out what was in it. I read it and I knew it was going to be a disaster. Then, after it passed, we ultimately find out that they knew well in advance that if you liked your insurance, there was a very good chance you would not be able to keep your insurance, period. It wasn’t true. All those, including the President, went around saying: If you like your insurance, you can keep it. According to statements after the fact by people involved, yes, they talked about it and they knew people were going to lose their insurance. They are going to lose their doctor, they are going to lose their healthcare provider, but we can’t say those things and still pass this bill. We can’t let that get out there. So, Mr. Speaker, I just want people to remember how this disastrous legislation ever came about in the first place, and how, going against the will of the American people to pass the disastrous bill—around 2,500 pages is what my two volumes came to—but people knew it was going to do lot of damage to people’s health and their lives. As we know, when you cannot get the healthcare you need or the lifesaving healthcare you have been getting, you no longer live. It is amazing now, after ObamaCare passed 7 years, to find out things about the knowing design of ObamaCare. They knew that insurance companies, under ObamaCare, were given incentives not to have the best people to treat cancer, the best cancer healthcare providers, the best cancer lifesavers in the network. They had incentives under ObamaCare to not include the best physicians and hospitals that will save the lives of people who have cancer; don’t include the best healthcare providers that will help those save their 
lives, or at least prolong the lives of those with AIDS; don’t include in your insurance coverage the best healthcare providers for those with heart problems. If you don’t include the best healthcare providers for cancer, AIDS, heart problems, or whatever it is, then people who are going to cost you a lot of money will not likely choose your insurance. It was all part of the design to implode healthcare in America, destroy the broken system we had so that people would eventually throw up their hands and say: Well, I didn’t originally want healthcare, but surely anything will be better than what we have. Apparently, from the beginning, the intention was to set it up to give Big Pharma, to give some insurance companies, basically, not only incentives, but mandates that would force their prices ever upward. As Big Pharma knew, they were going to make profits like they had never made in their history. As I have told some of the Representatives before, when they signed onto ObamaCare, they basically signed your own death warrant. Yes, you will make tens, maybe hundreds of billions more than you have in the past, but eventually it will lead to your industry being controlled by the government in such a way that you will be like pharmaceutical companies in Third World countries where they are allowed to collect the costs of production and maybe a small percentage above that, which means there are no new lifesaving, lifeenhancing drugs being produced in countries like that. Eventually, down the road, ObamaCare would destroy the incentives to create new lifesaving drugs and it would be the end of this incredible run of decades of the most incredible advances in medicine in the history of the world. Some medical historians say that maybe 100 years or so ago, protocols around the time of World War I were the line of demarcation in our history. Somewhere around the early 20th century, early 1900s, there was a point where—before that point in time, if you went to a doctor, your odds were better of getting worse. If you go to a doctor seeking help for a healthcare problem, the odds were you would get worse. On the other side of that line, in the early 1900s, was a point that if you went to a doctor for healthcare help, your odds of getting well were better than of getting worse. So it is pretty remarkable, if those historians are right, that for the thousands of years of recorded history, it is only the last 100 years where you had a chance of getting better if you sought medical help than of getting worse if you got medical help. Look at what has happened since then. It is just incredible, especially since the 1950s. I would submit that the Founders’ vision in creating copyright and patent protection for intellectual creations and thought helped drive those developments in healthcare. It made a lot of people wealthy. But there is nothing like real incentive, more luxury, more freedom, more enjoyment because of the huge rewards of great intellectual creations. Healthcare had just become incredible. I began to notice after I got to Congress that my friends across the aisle were completely skewing the massive difference between health insurance and healthcare. Health insurance was an even newer thing to most Americans. For healthcare—as we say, maybe the historians are right—it is around 100 years ago that, for the first time, you had a better chance of getting better than you had of getting worse after seeking a doctor’s help. But wow, the advances, the progress that was made. The more the government interferes and dictates who gets what, the more rationed care you get, the less advances in healthcare, the less incentives there are to create lifesaving, lifeenhancing medications. When government is the most powerful player in healthcare, you will always end up with rationed healthcare. Some point to the situation with the small child, Charlie Gard, in the U.K. They say that is what happens when you have bureaucrats deciding who gets to live and who has to die. But the more appropriate analysis, I think, is they are not actually deciding so much the ultimate conclusion of who gets to live and who has to die, but what they are really doing to get there is deciding, rationing, which lives, in the opinion of government bureaucrats, are more important or may be more helpful to the socialist movement, to the bureaucratic entrenchment than someone else. If you are perceived by the government bureaucracy or the government bureaucrats, the D.C. bureaucrats as being a threat to more government— more powerful government, more control of the individual, if you are a threat to those things, then you can pretty well be assured that when your situation is analyzed by the bureaucrats, you are not going to be eligible for the lifesaving medications and you are not going to be eligible for the hip replacement because we looked at your age and you have had a nice life and it is time to give it up. We don’t have enough for everybody to have everything we want, so we in Washington will decide who gets to live and who gets to die. Actually, we decide who gets what treatment. In the case of Charlie Gard, it is not a lack of concern about life; it is just in the opinion of the bureaucrats, where it always goes with socialized medicine. We only have limited government resources, therefore, we have to be careful whom we help. In their opinion, Charlie Gard may not make it. b2030 The way Americans, a majority of Americans, at least, used to feel was every life is worth trying to protect. Of course, along came Roe v. Wade and made clear only those lives are worthy of protecting if a mother wants to protect them. We even had people in the previous administration that had voted, made the pronouncement through their actions and votes, statements, that even if a child is born alive after an attempted abortion, in the opinion of those individuals, like our former President, you still should be able to kill the child even if the child is born alive because the mother wanted the child aborted, so go ahead and kill the child. I am grateful for all the stalwarts over the years, but I believe we have seen a change in that philosophy in the realization, like with the heartbeat bill, that says, in essence, if a child has a heartbeat, they are a living person and may not be aborted. So it is an interesting time here in America, but it has now resulted in a lot of rhetoric that is really outrageous. You know, I have said for years here on this floor that, with all the allegations, statements, verbal wars that have gone on across the aisle, you know, we know that no one on the Democratic side wants to harm people, wants people hurt. We don’t question their motives, and yet, as I am in my office hearing friends across the aisle—okay, I am using the term ‘‘friends’’ loosely—but hearing them use terms about how we want people to die. We have come to a sad place in our history. This story, June 30, from FOX News, was reporting on statements made by some individuals. This quote said—this is from Massachusetts Senator ELIZABETH WARREN : ‘‘These Medicaid cuts are blood money. People will die. Let’s be very clear: Senate Republicans are paying for tax cuts for the wealthy with American lives.’’ Senator BERNIE SANDERS appeared on NBC’s ‘‘Meet the Press’’ to predict thousands would die if a projected 23 million drop or lose their insurance. And Senator SANDERS accused Republicans of trading healthcare for tax breaks to the rich: ‘‘Is this what America is supposed to be about, taking away health insurance from kids with disabilities, from people with cancer in order to give tax breaks to the billionaires? ‘‘Let us be clear, and this is not trying to be overly dramatic: Thousands of people will die if the Republican healthcare bill becomes law.’’ Well, you want to factcheck that, of course. If the Republicans’ healthcare bill, whatever it says in the Senate, is passed, thousands of people will die. If the bill is not passed, thousands of people will die. So I guess we can’t say it is not true. People are going to die whether it passes or not, but the implication is that Republicans, through their efforts, are going to kill people. What I would just like is an acknowledgment from our friends across the aisle, like Senator SANDERS , that there 
have been people since ObamaCare has passed who lost their insurance, lost their healthcare provider, didn’t get the treatments they needed, their way of life was harmed; and there are bound to have been a lot of people who died sooner than they would have earlier if the President’s words had not been hollow that, if you like your insurance, you can keep your insurance, and if ObamaCare had not rewarded insurance companies for not including places like MD Anderson, treating for cancer, or good healthcare providers. Obviously, if they have the best healthcare providers for cancer, for these other lifeending diseases, then people will use their insurance, drive up the cost; so it really created an incentive for insurance companies not to get the best endoflife treaters in their network. To their credit, some have, but many haven’t. So it has been amazing. Here is other rhetoric. The former Senator, Hillary Clinton, said: ‘‘Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they’re the death party.’’ I mean, maybe that is one of the reasons she didn’t win. I mean, that is just an outrageous thing to say. This article goes on to say: ‘‘Some Democrats traveled the country to ring the alarm. Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper came to Washington to lobby against the measure, which he said was immoral and would lead to 100,000 deaths by 2026.’’ Now, there is this liberal group, apparently, Center for American Progress, liberal think tank—I don’t know what their tank is full of, but it is obviously more socialistic thinking. But according to this liberal group, the Center of American Progress, if 23 million fewer people have health insurance, then the coverage losses from the Senate bill would result in 27,700 additional deaths in 2026 and 217,000 over the decade. Well, isn’t that interesting. There is nothing that they can adequately point to as a factual basis. Any citing of CBO, whose margin of error on ObamaCare could have been anywhere from plus or minus 200 to 400 percent— CBO is not a source that should ever be cited with a straight face. They just shouldn’t be. I agree with my friend, Dr. Arthur Laffer, that when it comes to tax reform, we just need to forget CBO. They don’t know ‘‘sic ‘em’’ from ‘‘come here.’’ They explain, yes, they create these models, so they don’t really come up with a score. They create models that provide us the scores: garbage in, garbage out. So it has just gotten to be a sad state of affairs because people are hurting across America. And I know there is apparently 25 percent in my district. I have heard them. I understand they want to keep ObamaCare. They want to move towards socialism. They like the government having so much control over their lives. Just go ahead and check them into an Orwellian center and let them enjoy Big Brother taking care of them. But I do represent their best interests, and I think the 75 percent in my district are right about what will be best, that ObamaCare needs to be repealed. We need to get relationships back between a patient and a doctor without an insurance company or a government in between them—except for very rare occasions—as it once was. It used to be the government didn’t have anything to say much at all about that other than having the FDA, things like that. But insurance companies came along, and they were only for catastrophic problems, so we still had complete control of our healthcare. I do appreciate, greatly appreciate, House Minority Leader NANCY PELOSI  referencing the need to honor God. That means a lot to me. Her statement that to minister to the needs of God’s creation is an act of worship, to ignore those needs is to dishonor the God who made us, but if the government is big and strong enough to say who gets healthcare and who doesn’t, who gets treatment, who gets the lifesaving care and who doesn’t, then that is to put government in the place of God, and nothing dishonors God more than to have any person or any entity that believes it is the substitute for God. The United States Government is not a substitute for God. Without God’s blessing, as our Founders repeatedly made clear, we wouldn’t have even the freedom we have today. Joseph Schmitz, on July 5, wrote a terrific article, and it is absolutely worth every Republican taking note of. I would encourage my friends across the aisle to take note of it, but I understand their positions. They cannot participate in the repeal of ObamaCare because they staked the majority—well, they staked future socialism on this bill. Mr. Schmitz says: ‘‘In early 2016, Congress passed H.R. 3762, a law that would have repealed most of ObamaCare. On January 8, 2016, Obama vetoed that wouldbe ObamaCare Repeal Act. ‘‘240 years earlier, Congress declared ‘to a candid world’ that, ‘The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over these States.’ Among other usurpations specified in the Declaration of Independence, ‘He’’’—talking about the king—‘‘‘has erected a multitude of new offices and sent hither swarms of officers to harass our people and eat out their substance.’ ‘‘Our 1776 Declaration of Independence concluded, ‘We, therefore, the representatives of the United States of America, in General Congress, assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world’’’—that is not the government. That is appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world—‘‘‘for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name and by authority of the good people of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare that these United Colonies are and of right ought to be free and independent states; . . . and for the support of this declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor.’ ‘‘In July 2017, Congress should likewise acknowledge the ‘swarms of officers’ harassing our good people under the guise of ObamaCare and reenact the 2016 ObamaCare Repeal Act. ‘‘Note well below the revenueraising nature of the ObamaCare repeal sections of H.R. 3762, keeping in mind that ObamaCare originated in 2009 as the ‘Senate Health Care bill,’ and the Constitution provides that, ‘All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’’ That is Article I, section 7, clause 1. b2045 And he goes on for quite some time to cite all the different sections in ObamaCare that actually make it a revenueraising bill. Section 204 has the individual mandate mandating people have to pay money and buy something; section 205, an employer mandate mandating that they must pay a massive tax like the individual or pay for insurance, buy a product. For the first time in American history, citizens are required to buy a product, employers are ordered to buy a product. Section 206, Federal payments to the States; section 209, repeal of the tax on employee health insurance premiums and health plan benefits; section 210, repeal of the tax on overthecounter medications. I am sorry. These are the names of the sections in the House bill. Those were not in ObamaCare. These are the provisions in the House bill that would repeal all these taxes, as Chief Justice Roberts called them. So these are all good sections, is what Joe Schmitz is pointing out, individual mandate, employer mandate, getting rid of those, Federal payments to States. It is just taking out a repeal of the employee tax. So there we go. It is eliminating so much of the taxes on individuals, repeal of the tax on over thecounter medications. This was the Democrats, without a single Republican vote, who passed this legislation, ObamaCare, the ACA. They put a tax on overthecounter medications, they put a tax on employee health insurance premiums and a tax on health plan benefits, and they put a tax on health savings accounts. They had already paid money on that that went in it, but anyway. So the Republican bill that President Obama vetoed, it would repeal limitations on contributions to flexible spending accounts. You can put as much as you want in there. It would repeal the tax on prescription medication. ObamaCare actually put a tax on your precious prescription medications that are saving people’s lives. 
Anybody who would have the gall after voting for all these taxes put on the backs of poor people who can’t even hardly afford their prescriptions as they are, and, yes, they have been skyrocketing under ObamaCare, and to say that Republicans are trying to harm people and dishonor God, for Heaven’s sake, read your own bill. They put a tax on medical devices. Senior citizens who had to have help moving or walking, you got to pay a tax on that, and we don’t care if you can’t afford the tax and you can’t move around anymore. We are the government. That was the ACA, ObamaCare, that put that tax in place, and another health insurance tax in the bill, and it eliminated the deduction for expenses allocatable to Medicare part D subsidies. It placed a tax called a chronic care tax, there was a Medicare tax increase, there was a tanning tax, there was a net investment tax, all kinds of taxes in ObamaCare. They hammered the American people. We were promised—President Obama stood right there and promised no money would pay for abortions under his healthcare bill, under the healthcare bill they were going to pass. That is what he said. He said no people illegally in the United States were going to get their healthcare on the backs of people in America legally. Both of those were not true. It turns out Joe Wilson was prescient. It is time to wake up. We were sent back into the majority because ObamaCare was passed, and we are going to be sent back in the minority, appropriately, if we don’t repeal it. President Trump has made clear in a recent tweet: Look, if you guys can’t pass the replacement now, at least pass the repeal, then we can start moving together on a replacement. Surely the Democrats will want to come and not be so obstructionist once their precious ObamaCare has been struck down; then maybe they will actually work with us to create a better system, but it is time to wake up, it is time to repeal ObamaCare. Now, I want to touch on one other subject, Mr. Speaker, and that is involving all this mess, these allegations about Russia. It was not Donald J. Trump nor any Republican who told the Russians—the Russian leaders, actually: I will have a lot more flexibility after the election. That can only mean one thing: I am going to give away a lot more of America’s strength, helping you out in Russia. As you are trying to get stronger, I am going to give away a lot more of our strength, maybe our edge over your military. I will have more ability to give that away after I am elected to a second term. Tell Vladimir. It was not a Republican, certainly not anyone associated with Donald Trump, who went to Russia with a supposed reset button, couldn’t get the translation right, but wanting to reset the relationship. And for those who didn’t follow history well back then, the reason there was a strain in the relationship between the United States and Russia was because George W. Bush as President of the United States stood on principle, and when the country of Russia, under Putin, attacked Georgia, President Bush, appropriately, was outraged, and he pushed for sanctions to let Russia know that the United States does not approve of Russia attacking sovereign countries. So the message that President Obama and Hillary Clinton wanted to get across to Putin and the Russians was, with a wink and lots of pats and happy times: Look, George W. Bush as President, we think, overreacted when you attacked Georgia, you know. So we want to let you know we want a reset button, because under President Obama and me, Hillary Clinton, we are not going to overreact when you attack neighboring sovereign countries. We are okay with that, see, and we want things reset. We are not going to get upset like Bush did when you attacked a neighboring country. That is the message that came across very loud and clear to Putin and those around him. I would like to think I learned during my summer as an exchange student in the Soviet Union a little bit about the way a lot of Russians think. I get surprised when people say: It is so hard to read Putin. No, it is not. The man was part of the KGB. He wants the glory days of the old Soviet Union back even though they were built on a skeleton that could never maintain the weight that such a Socialist country was putting on that frame. So then we find out here, this was back in January, January 11, 2017, an article in Politico of all places, surprise, surprise, by Kenneth P. Vogel and David Stern, it says: ‘‘Ukrainian government officials tried to help Hillary Clinton and undermine Trump by publicly questioning his fitness for office. They also disseminated documents implicating a top Trump aide in corruption and suggested they were investigating the matter, only to back away after the election. And they helped Clinton’s allies research damaging information on Trump and his advisers, a Politico investigation found. ‘‘A UkrainianAmerican operative who was consulting for the Democratic National Committee met with top officials in the Ukrainian Embassy in Washington in an effort to expose ties between Trump, top campaign aide Paul Manafort and Russia, according to people with direct knowledge of the situation.’’ This is Politico reporting on the collusion between Hillary Clinton, her campaign, and the country of Ukraine to stop and defeat Trump. Now, where has the Politico reporting on this issue been since January? I appreciate them pointing this out back in January, but apparently at this point back in January, Politico had not yet gotten the word from their friends on the Democratic side of the aisle: hey, hey, kind of softpedal that stuff where we colluded with the Ukrainians to try to take Trump out, because we are going to make that a big allegation about Trump and the Russians, so kind of back off that. Let’s take the spotlight off that one. The article goes on: ‘‘The Ukrainian efforts had an impact in the race, helping to force Manafort’s resignation and advancing the narrative that Trump’s campaign was deeply connected to Ukraine’s foe to the east, Russia. But they were far less concerted or centrally directed than Russia’s alleged hacking and dissemination of Democratic emails. ‘‘Russia’s effort was personally directed by Russian President Vladimir Putin. . . . ’’ So they go on and try to do what they can to help, you know, salvage some respect for the Democrats here. There is little evidence of such a top down effort by Ukraine, but the fact is Ukraine did collude with Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and they were successful in helping the Trump campaign, Manafort had to be fired, and they are still trying to create clouds surrounding that. But anyway, how about that? Well, it leads to one conclusion, and that is that it is part of the evidence that we have got to have an independent counsel, and I don’t mean Robert Mueller. I am talking about an independent counsel, not one that is bosom buddies with Comey; and not one that can’t stand Trump; and not one that is going to run out, not hire any Republicans for his staff who love Trump, but just hire people who can’t stand him and wanted Hillary elected. This is a guy who has been vindictive, who has worked closely with Comey in the past, and he is in no position whatsoever to judge anything about James Comey. If you go back and look at what is required under 28 CFR 45.2, it provides that a Department of Justice attorney should not participate in investigations that may involve entities or individuals with whom the attorney has a political or personal relationship. Mueller and Comey are buddies. They have closely consulted on so many things. b2100 For example, this story from June 7, 2017, by Josh Siegel, says: ‘‘Former FBI Director Jim Comey ‘closely coordinated’ with Special Counsel Robert Mueller before his planned testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee about his interactions with President Trump. ‘‘FOX News reported a source close to Comey said the former FBI Director consulted with Mueller about how to approach Thursday’s Senate Intelligence Committee hearing. The Department of Justice appointed Mueller 
special counsel to lead the investigation of Russia’s involvement in the 2016 election, and any possible collusion with the Trump campaign. Mueller and Comey were longtime colleagues at the Justice Department, and legal experts say it would not be unusual for a special counsel to be in contact with somebody who is a party to its investigation.’’ Mueller and Comey were longtime colleagues at the Justice Department. Well, anyway, there needs to be an independent counsel who will investigate the goingson between Robert Mueller and James Comey with the recent revelations about Comey’s very apparent release of classified information. Bob Mueller is not in a position to judge him. And a great piece of evidence that Robert Mueller is not fit to be the special counsel investigating this matter is the fact that he didn’t recuse himself because of his close relationship with Comey, and how Comey is a critical witness in what he accuses Trump of, which doesn’t seem to really be a crime. But, based on Comey’s testimony before the Senate, it bears going back and looking at a normal FBI employment agreement that says: I will surrender upon demand by the FBI or upon my separation from the FBI all materials containing FBI information in my possession. They also have a breach of contract case there because the FBI Director carried stuff with him, that he prepared on his government time with his government equipment, saved with his government equipment, and passed on, apparently, with his government equipment, that appears to have been classified, according to the new releases coming out now. If you look at Comey’s conduct in the past, as this article from Mollie Hemingway on June 12, 2017, pointed out, he had pressured John Ashcroft to recuse himself from the responsibility of investigating the supposed, the alleged, leak of Valerie Plame’s identity. It turns out the prosecutor knew on day one who it was—Richard Armitage— but he wasn’t honest enough to say: ‘‘We know. I don’t need to spend millions and millions of dollars of government tax dollars and waste thousands and thousands of hours investigating. We know the answer.’’ No, no, no. This was Comey’s dear friend, Patrick Fitzgerald—not just a close personal friend, but godfather to one of his children—and Comey gave the role of special counsel into that leak on Valerie Plame’s identity. It was Comey who gave that to Patrick Fitzgerald, his close friend. What a travesty that turned out to be. That was a fraud upon the American Government by Patrick Fitzgerald. He knew on day one the answer to his investigation, but he wanted a scalp, so he wasted a tremendous amount of time trying to get one. A 3 year investigation. And what did he end up doing? Fitzgerald ended up prosecuting ‘‘Scooter Libby for’’—as she says— ‘‘wait for it, obstruction of justice. Comey was unconcerned about the jailing of journalists and never threatened to resign over this infringement on First Amendment freedoms.’’ So, since Mueller did not have the moral sense to recuse himself when he was offered this special counsel job because of his close personal relationship with James Comey and who he has hired since then, it is very clear, the President is not going to be able to fire him, because there would be such screaming about the Saturday Night Massacre. Mueller knew that, and this is part of his vindictiveness. When it became clear from Comey’s testimony that there was no conclusion with Russia by President Trump, then he leaks out that: Oh, I am investigating the President for obstruction of justice. Why would he do that? Because by leaking out that he was now investigating the President—if the President fired him after he leaks out that he is investigating the President, then you would have the allegations of the Saturday Night Massacre and all this kind of stuff. So the only way forward is the appointment by President Donald Trump of an independent counsel that is truly independent. Mr. Speaker, we do not need someone who has been contributing to Hillary Clinton or to Barack Obama or to any major Democrat or to any major Republican. We need somebody that is going to be a fair arbiter in this pursuit of justice so that he can investigate Mueller fairly and impartially. And the relationship, whether Comey and Mueller consulted, as they did on so many things, like his Senate testimony, about some of the things—well, like the leak that Comey testified to that appears, potentially, to have been a crime. We need to know what Mueller knew. Obviously, Robert Mueller is not going to resign, so the President couldn’t very well fire him. But we have got to get to the bottom and find out what really happened so that justice is done. The projecting by one group of people on the Republican Party conduct they engaged in and projecting it on the Republican Party as if it was they that did what this group did, it is time to have all this investigated. We are not going to get it with Mueller, a dear friend of Comey. It is time to have a true independent counsel. The only one way we can do that appropriately is if President Trump finds somebody truly independent, truly not a political animal, who can investigate. And that is not Rosenstein, that is for sure, as well. Then we can get to the bottom and see that justice is done. So here is our work. Let’s stay here and work until we get ObamaCare repealed, tax reform passed and signed into law, and let’s encourage the President to appoint independent counsel so that we can finally see justice in this case, where currently all we have is what one friend referred to as a big fraternity party among the Muellers and Comeys and their buddies in that fraternity. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 23, GAINING RESPONSIBILITY ON WATER ACT OF 2017 Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–212) on the resolution (H. Res. 431) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 23) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
HOUSE BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills and joint resolutions of the following titles: 
April 3, 2017: H.J. Res. 69. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘NonSubsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’. H.J. Res. 83. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’. H.R. 1228. An Act to provide for the appointment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes. April 13, 2017: H.J. Res. 43. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients. H.J. Res. 67. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for nongovernmental employees. April 18, 2017: H.R. 353. An Act to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable 
advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data, and for other purposes. April 28, 2017: H.J. Res. 99. A joint resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. May 5, 2017: H.R. 244. An Act making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. May 8, 2017: H.R. 534. An Act to require the Secretary of State to take such actions as may be necessary for the United States to rejoin the Bureau of International Expositions, and for other purposes. May 16, 2017: H.R. 274. An Act to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, and for other purposes. May 17, 2017: H.J. Res. 66. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by States for nongovernmental employees. June 6, 2017: H.R. 366. An Act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes. H.R. 375. An Act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. June 14, 2017: H.R. 657. An Act to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes. June 30, 2017: H.R. 1238. An Act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills and joint resolutions of the Senate of the following titles: 
April 3, 2017: S.J. Res. 34. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’. April 19, 2017: S. 544. An Act to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Vet erans Choice Program, and for other purposes. S.J. Res. 30. A joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. S.J. Res, 35. A joint resolution providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. S.J. Res. 36. A joint resolution providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. May 12, 2017: S. 496. An Act to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’. June 2, 2017: S. 419. An Act to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes. S. 583. An Act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. June 23, 2017: S. 1094. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. June 27, 2017: S. 1083. An Act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. f LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of tending to husband’s health situation. Mr. RASKIN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 12, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESIDENT COMMISSIONER, AND DELEGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: JIMMY GOMEZ , 34th District of California. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. Supplemental report on H.R. 2810. A bill to authorize appropriation for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Ordered to be printed. (Rept. 115– 200, Pt. 2). Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2430. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the userfee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–201). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 597. A bill to take lands in Sonoma County, California, into trust as part of the reservation of the Lytton Rancheria of California, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–202). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 954. A bill to remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–203). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1306. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–204). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1404. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona (Rept. 115–205). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1397. A bill to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer 
of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 206, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1541. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–207). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1719. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–208). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1913. A bill to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, California, to designate the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness in such counties, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–209). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2156. A bill to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and national monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–210). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2868. A bill to protect National Flood Insurance Program policyholders from unreasonable premium rates and to require the Program to consider the unique characteristics of urban properties, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–211). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 431. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 23) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–212). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1397 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Ms. N ORTON, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. SHEAPORTER ): H.R. 3175. A bill to establish privacy protections for customers of broadband Internet access service and other telecommunications services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. JONES , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. MEEKS , and Mr. F ASO): H.R. 3176. A bill to prohibit the Federal Emergency Management Agency from recouping certain assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 3177. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the requirement to provide nursing home care to certain veterans with serviceconnected disabilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, Mr. NEAL, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. TIBERI , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 3178. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the delivery of home infusion therapy and dialysis and the application of the Stark rule under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 3179. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies, when issuing certain prudential regulations that are substantively more stringent than a corresponding international prudential standard to publish the rationale for doing so and a costbenefit analysis of the difference, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. SCHIFF ): H.R. 3180. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. C OLLINS  of New York, and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 3181. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to encourage Medicare beneficiaries to voluntarily adopt advance directives guiding the medical care they receive; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ ): H.R. 3182. A bill to amend section 317A of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for screenings and referrals regarding lead poisoning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. TAYLOR , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. BEYER , and Mr. G OODLATTE ): H.R. 3183. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. TAYLOR , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 3184. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCormick Road in Charlottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 3185. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to evaluate the organizational structure of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. TSONGAS (for herself, Mr. TIPTON, Ms. D EGETTE , and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 3186. A bill to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. S UOZZI , and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 3187. A bill to advance United States interests in the freedom of navigation by enhancing congressional oversight of freedom of navigation operations conducted by the Armed Forces of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H. Res. 432. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the consideration of any general appropriations bill until a concurrent resolution on the budget has been adopted or the appropriate budgetary suballocations are made available; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. HASTINGS: H. Res. 433. A resolution disapproving of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Committee Inscription of Hebron as a Palestinian World Heritage Site in Danger; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. K ING of Iowa, and Mr. HULTGREN ): H. Res. 434. A resolution condemning violence against religious minorities in the People’s Republic of China and any actions that limit the free expression and practice of faith by these minorities; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. KILDEE , Mr. MEEHAN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. NORTON , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H. Res. 435. A resolution recognizing the millions of youth in this nation benefitting from youth sports and the parents, volunteers, and local and national organizations that make youth sports in this country possible, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida): H. Res. 436. A resolution expressing support for the designation of July 29, 2017, as 
‘‘Paralympic and Adaptive Sport Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
93. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 9, urging Congress not to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or its most important provisions; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, private bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H.R. 3188. A bill for the relief of Christopher William Gard, Constance Rhoda Keely Yates, and Charles Matthew William Gard; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 3189. A bill for the relief of Christopher William Gard, Constance Rhoda Keely Yates, and Charles Matthew William Gard; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 3190. A bill for the relief of Christopher William Gard, Constance Rhoda Keely Yates, and Charles Matthew William Gard; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 3175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 3176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, Section, Clause 18 By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 3177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 The Congress shall have Power to the United States Constitution which empowers Congress ‘‘To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces;’’. And; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to the United States Constitution which empowers Congress ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 3178. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 3179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 3180. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, including those under Title 50, are carried out to support the national security interests of the United States, to enable the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in executing the foreign policy of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to . . . provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support armies . . .’’; to ‘‘make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 3181. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 3182. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 3183. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 3184. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 3185. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power*** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 3186. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 3187. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H.R. 3188 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization’’ By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 3189 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization’’ By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 3190 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 25: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 36: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. DUNN. H.R. 48: Mr. CONYERS and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 93: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 95: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 154: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 187: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 203: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 205: Mr. ZELDIN and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 206: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 224: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 227: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 233: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 350: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. S MITH of Mis souri, and Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 367: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 398: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. FASO, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. BRAT, Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 449: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 468: Mr. POLIS and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 490: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. F RANCIS  ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 540: Ms. LEEand Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 553: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 564: Mr. JONES and Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 619: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 664: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 721: Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. T URNER , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. WALDEN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 740: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 743: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 747: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 750: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 758: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 761: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 785: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 788: Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. KIND. H.R. 792: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 795: Mrs. B USTOS and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 806: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 807: Mr. KHANNA , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 828: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 848: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 849: Mr. KILMER , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. AMASH , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 858: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 873: Mr. RENACCI and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 908: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 911: Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 931: Mr. CORREA , Mr. K EATING , Mr. EMMER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 959: Mr. KHANNA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 982: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 986: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 997: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 1017: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 1046: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 1054: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1057: Mr. CORREA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, and Ms. JUDY CHUof Cali fornia. H.R. 1059: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1090: Mr. ZELDIN and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 1094: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1104: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1122: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 1130: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1134: Mr. O’ROURKE and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 1146: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN . H.R. 1158: Mr. DENT, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. GIBBS, and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1160: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1164: Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. PALMER , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 1171: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1173: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1205: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 1223: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 1231: Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 1239: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 1243: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1253: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1270: Mr. COHEN and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 1291: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1316: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1318: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1322: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1359: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1399: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. BARR. H.R. 1406: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 1409: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. M ITCHELL , Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1457: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1491: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 1519: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1537: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 1552: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1553: Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1554: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1563: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 1626: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 1639: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 1645: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 1651: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 1661: Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. I SSA, and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 1676: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 1685: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1686: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 1698: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H URD, and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 1699: Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 1710: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1731: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1739: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 1748: Mr. EVANS and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 1781: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 1810: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 1811: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 1815: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1817: Mr. GAETZ and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1836: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1838: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 1841: Ms. LEE. H.R. 1843: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1853: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 1861: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1865: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 1881: Mr. EMMER and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1911: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. F ASO, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 1928: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1937: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 1953: Ms. MENG, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1963: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 1974: Ms. NORTON and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1987: Mr. PAYNE , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. DELANEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2011: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 2023: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2040: Mr. CONYERS and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 2069: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 2091: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2120: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2133: Mr. TROTT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. ROSS, and Mr. B OST. H.R. 2142: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2158: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2159: Mr. CONYERS and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2197: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 2200: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2205: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2225: Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. NORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2259: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 2287: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2299: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 2307: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 2315: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. N UNES , and Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 2319: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 2322: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 2340: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. G IANFORTE , and Mr. HARPER . H.R. 2345: Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 2417: Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. SOTO, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C APUANO, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2422: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 2428: Ms. DELAURO and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2431: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 2435: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2445: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2451: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2475: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. MENG, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 2478: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 2480: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. M ESSER , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 2482: Mr. PETERS , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 2486: Mr. POCAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 2501: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2505: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KILMER , and Ms. S HEAPORTER . H.R. 2519: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. HECK, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 2550: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2556: Ms. TITUS, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. SWALWELL of California, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2584: Mr. BRADY of Texas and Mr. POLIS. H.R. 2622: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 2651: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 2653: Mr. KEATING , Mr. C RIST, Mr. POLIS, and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 2663: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. PALAZZO , and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 2664: Mr. MESSER , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 2666: Mr. SMITH of Washington and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2683: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 2687: Ms. MOORE , Ms. C LARK of Massa chusetts, and Mr. HECK. H.R. 2690: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 2706: Mr. FASO. H.R. 2723: Mrs. LOVEand Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 2732: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2733: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. R USH, Mr. COHEN , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 2740: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 2765: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 2775: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. MESSER . H.R. 2776: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. MESSER . H.R. 2777: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2796: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 2809: Mr. DUNNand Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 2826: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 2841: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2845: Mr. RYANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2856: Mr. B ACON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 2868: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 2875: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 2886: Mr. KHANNA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 2901: Mr. GALLEGO and Mr. M AST. H.R. 2902: Mr. HARPER , Ms. D ELBENE, and Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 2911: Mr. SOTO, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2915: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 2918: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 2926: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2932: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 2933: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2938: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2939: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 2942: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 2943: Mr. EVANS and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2957: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 2961: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2967: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 2989: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3000: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 3006: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3032: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3036: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 3038: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 3040: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3048: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 3079: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. R USH, and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 3086: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3097: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3100: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3101: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3107: Mr. LONGand Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 3108: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 3117: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3163: Ms. DEGETTE and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3164: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3171: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.J. Res. 33: Ms. SPEIER . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. MARINO , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.J. Res. 53: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H. Con. Res. 68: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 15: Mr. LEVIN. H. Res. 30: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H. Res. 41: Mr. GAETZ . H. Res: 161: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. K IND, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 206: Mr. LEVIN. H. Res. 220: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. C OFFMAN . H. Res. 252: Mr. ESTES of Kansas and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 257: Mr. BERA, Mr. B EYER , and Mr. RUTHERFORD . H. Res. 265: Mrs. BEATTY . H. Res. 276: Mr. PANETTA , Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 279: Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. GAETZ , and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H. Res. 282: Mr. LOEBSACK . H. Res. 307: Mr. GAETZ and Mr. F RANCIS  ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 320: Mr. KNIGHT . H. Res. 336: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H. Res. 337: Ms. FUDGE . H. Res. 345: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, and Ms. ROSEN . H. Res. 353: Mr. BEYER . H. Res. 359: Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. SHERMAN , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H. Res. 393: Mr. WELCH . H. Res. 400: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. LAHOOD, and Mr. G OODLATTE . H. Res. 401: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. NADLER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. TENNEY , and Mr. K ATKO . H. Res. 407: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 423: Mr. TAKANO . H. Res. 426: Mr. RASKIN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R USH, Mr. KHANNA , and Ms. R OSEN . H. Res. 430: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. LOWENTHAL . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP  The provisions in H. R. 23 that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. OFFERED BYMR. CONAWAY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Agriculture in H.R. 23 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. Amendment No. 1 to be offered by Representative MACTHORNBERRY to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3889 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 2017 No. 116 
The Senate met at 2:15 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable ROB PORTMAN , a Senator from the State of Ohio. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord God, source of righteousness and the center of our joy, forgive us when we assume we know what is right without seeking Your wisdom. Inspire our lawmakers to think Your thoughts, to listen for Your directions, and to follow Your guidance. Lord, lead them to seek what is best for our Nation and world, depending always on Your sovereignty and might. May they constantly remember that You possess all power and can accomplish the seemingly impossible if they would only believe. Continue to sustain them with Your might, showering them with Your bountiful blessings. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 