Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, our first duty here is to the American people. I rise to call on my colleagues to fulfill that duty and reject TrumpCare. President Trump made big promises on health care during his campaign. TrumpCare proves those promises were empty. He promised a plan that would cover everyone. TrumpCare would cover even fewer people than were covered before the Affordable Care Act. He promised better coverage. TrumpCare guts basic healthcare standards. Many TrumpCare plans won’t be worth the paper they are printed on. He promised cheaper coverage. TrumpCare breaks that promise, driving up premiums, deductibles, and out ofpocket costs for everyone. It also hits our Nation’s seniors with a devastating age tax or perhaps a senior tax that will literally price many seniors out of the healthcare market. Mr. Speaker, TrumpCare is a tax break for millionaires parading as a healthcare plan. It will do unimaginable harm to our rural hospitals and our economy. The bill was written in secret. It was rushed through this Chamber. And it represents a bigtime broken promise. I urge my colleagues to reject TrumpCare. 
HONORING SECOND LIEUTENANT MAAX CURTIS HAMMER, JR. (Mr. BOST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a southern Illinois native who flew planes in Southeast Asia more than 75 years ago. This hero finally returned home this week for burial. Second Lieutenant Maax Curtis Hammer, Jr., died when his plane crashed in what was then Burma in 1941. Hammer was part of the Flying Tigers, a group of volunteer pilots who helped the British and Chinese defend against Imperial Japan. His remains returned to Carbondale, Illinois, this week, via dignified transport from Hawaii, where he had been buried for 67 years in a grave marked ‘‘Unknown.’’ Maax, it has been a long time. With heavy heart, we welcome you home to southern Illinois, and we thank you for your service. f 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE WATCHING (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today House Republicans are preparing to vote to rip away health care from 24 million Americans, 2.7 million of them in New York. In my district, 122,000 people will lose coverage, including 12,700 children. Those who do retain coverage will pay more for less, with deductibles and premiums skyrocketing. This is what House Republicans plan to put on the floor today. It is a plan that benefits the healthy and the wealthy while hurting everyone else. If you have a preexisting condition and your coverage lapses, under TrumpCare, get ready to pay more. Are you a senior? Good luck affording medical coverage if TrumpCare becomes law. You are going to pay the insurance company five times more than younger people. Mr. Speaker, the American people see this for what it is, a direct assault on the vulnerable in order to give a tax cut to the wealthy and the healthy. Reject TrumpCare. 
THINK ABOUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the GOP health repeal bill rips coverage from 24 million Americans. So I ask my colleagues: Can you imagine what it is like to gasp for air, your chest tightening and your lungs burning from asthma, worrying that you might black out because you cannot get enough oxygen? This week a constituent of mine from Fort Lauderdale told me: Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, I am finally able to breathe. The ACA dropped her asthma medicine costs from $600 per month to $10. Without the ACA, she cannot afford to breathe. 
Can you imagine your medication within reach but you can’t afford to use it? If you take your medicine when you need it, if you help yourself breathe now, you can’t afford it next month. As you jog up the Capitol steps for this vote today, as you take for granted every easy breath you take today, think about your constituents who rely on their health care for their next breath and vote ‘‘no.’’ 
CONCERNS ABOUT THE HEALTHCARE BILL (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the Republican healthcare bill. There is concern with the wouldbe effects of this legislation, and rightfully so. But if anyone wants to see a reallife example of the detrimental impact of block granting Medicaid, look no further than across the water to the U.S. Virgin Islands, or any of the territories. It is a grim outlook because we experience it every day. Caps on Medicaid have proven to be a fiscal disaster for our budget. Unlike States in the mainland, where Federal Medicaid spending is openended, to Virgin Islanders, we can only access Federal dollars up to an annual ceiling because we were not included in the ACA mandate. Cuts to Medicaid affect all of you, every individual. As a result of what has happened in the Virgin Islands, 30 percent of our population is uninsured and hospitals have been left to pick up the bill. If you or your child is ill, you go to the hospital, whether you can take care of the bill or not. This situation places a tremendous burden on our hospitals, creating uncompensated care costs in the tens of millions of dollars. We have to make tough choices of removing people from Medicaid, which means loss to elderly and individuals. We ask that you reject this bill. 
b0915 WAIVING REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 221 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 221 Resolved, That the requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a twothirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of March 27, 2017. SEC. 2. It shall be in order at any time through the calendar day of March 26, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), my dear friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Rules Committee met for some 13 hours, maybe a little bit more, where we were tasked with the opportunity to bring forth from the Republican Conference the new bill that is to replace the Affordable Care Act. That discussion involved us taking testimony from the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, KEVIN BRADY ; the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, GREGWALDEN ; and the chairman of the Budget Committee, Mrs. BLACK . It also involved three other ranking members for those committees. They assembled up in the Rules Committee. We had a very vigorous and open debate about the bill, about the effects of the bill, about the things which were occurring within the Republican majority dealing with the United States Senate and dealing with the President of the United States. All three are necessary to agree upon a bill if we are to sign it into law. There was a vigorous demand from Democrats to know more information, and I believe I forthrightly attempted to answer those questions. We did not have all the pieces of the puzzle together. We recognized that by the evening hour. So by 11 p.m. last night, upon my consultation with Ranking Member MCGOVERN , I made a decision that we would not stay up during the evening, we would ask that we would come back today. So we did not actually complete our work last night. I am here today because last night the Rules Committee issued a rule that would be a sameday rule. The issues really don’t change. The facts of the case really don’t change. Information is necessary for us to make an informed decision. That is a change. I have told the gentleman, Mr. MCGOVERN . I have told the gentlewoman, the former Speaker, the leader of the Democrat Party, Ms. PELOSI . I have told Mr. HOYER in a direct dialogue that we had that I would do my best to make sure that we answer the questions that would be necessary. The gentleman, Mr. MCGOVERN , who very ably represents his party, understood that I did not have all the answers that I needed. So we are here today with the opportunity to say we are going to do a sameday rule. We are going to try to pass this rule. We are going to try to explain what we are doing. We are going to allow my team, our Republican Conference, to get back together today because they, too, want to know what is the final deal. That is what my conference is doing right now. They are in this building, several hundred Members of Congress, talking, debating, understanding, listening, compromising, yes, on a way that we can approach a chance to change what we see as one of the most devastating pieces of legislation to the economy, to the healthcare system, and, quite honestly, to the standing of America as the greatest country in the world. We think we have to make changes. But today we are here right now to say that we don’t have all those answers. A complete agreement was not available by the time I chose to end the matter last night in the Rules Committee. So rather than staying up all night, we are here today. We will be back here today. This is not the debate about the bill. More information is needed. An agreement is needed from my party. And when we reach that agreement, I will then come back. But make no mistake about it, Mr. Speaker, my party intends to bring forth an agreedto bill that we will be able to show to the American people, and we will own it. We are very capable of saying that we believe that market forces, we believe that free right of individuals, we believe that free physicians and opportunities exist and abound, and we will bring that to the floor, and we will openly debate it. Much is being said about a Congressional Budget Office report that has caused much fear. Unrightly? No, I can’t say that. But it is certainly explainable. Mr. Speaker, I will start right now. The bottom line is that there are some 30 million people who are uninsured in the United States of America, 30 million people who did not find a home or chose not to take a governmentprovided available system that is called the Affordable Care Act. Even more people included within that are paying a penalty of several thousand dollars rather than taking that healthcare system, that availability. So we believe the right thing to do is not to force anybody, not to have mandates, not to penalize people, but, rather, to make available to them opportunities where it is their decision about what they would do. The corresponding facts of the case are real simple. The Congressional Budget Office said: Fine, if you don’t force people to do it, then some 24 million people won’t do it within the next 7 years. 
Well, there are 30 million people today that do not have it and not taking it. So to go from 30 million to 24 million will be a very interesting task for us to understand. Mr. Speaker, no freedom is free. But if we engage in telling the American people that Washington, D.C., knows better than they do, then that is a false promise—is a false promise that our friends, the Democrats, tried and actually failed at. So Republicans, in order to put together their plan—yes, even with the consequences of a ‘‘CBO report that say there will be 24 million people who are uninsured,’’ that is probably right, because they chose not to accept what would be an equal opportunity for them to take what might be called a tax credit that equals some $8,000 for a family of four, allowing them straight up to purchase their own health care for their family. But if they choose not to do it, that is their business. Mr. Speaker, one of my attributes is I come from Dallas, Texas. And Dallas, Texas, for all the great things that we have about us, we think that some of the great things come from the way we believe. We deeply believe we are in some ways a very open city. We have many different thought processes, many people, but we respect each other and don’t try to tell each other what to do. It creates a flourishing environment about ourselves where, when we get in trouble, we stick together; when we see trouble, we ban together. But we tend not to tell each other what to do in our own lives. That is one thing that I think makes us a little bit different. We do not count on government to do the things that we should do for ourselves. That is part of the freedom model that I buy off on and part of what we are offering—the Republican Party— today for the American people rather than mandates, dictates, fines, the IRS and all sorts of other government organizations that we could throw in a person’s way simply to tell them what to do. We reject that notion. We will, as quickly as possible, bring about a bill that we can explain, that we will own, and that we will pass. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, we aren’t here to debate the government healthcare repeal plan. We aren’t here to debate that because Republican leadership and the White House are huddled behind closed doors as we speak, making deals that will have very real, very serious, very dangerous consequences for millions of Americans. Instead, we are here to debate a martial law rule that will allow Republicans to rush their bill with its brand new backroom deals to the floor today without any proper deliberation. As a matter of fact, it would let them rush any bill to the floor today, or any day through Monday. It is a blanket martial law rule that lasts past the weekend—not specific to their healthcare bill, and not even specific to the topic of health care. What other bills could they be contemplating considering? We saw the Buffalo bribe is already in the manager’s amendment, but this rule lets them bring up any other bill before the public has a chance to even know what it is. Maybe something on the Russia investigation, perhaps? I have seen a lot of news on that lately. Or maybe we will give President Trump’s friend Putin a Congressional Gold Medal. It is the least the Republicans could do after his help with the election. But let’s talk about what we have learned so far in the press. We first learned from news reports last night that Republicans were considering changes to the bill that would kill the essential health benefits in current law. Now, let me say that again. Essential, as in ‘‘absolutely necessary; extremely important,’’ as defined by the dictionary. And, sure enough, we reported out this martial law rule in the dark of night, which will allow Republicans to bring the new and unimproved version of the bill—again, now with even more backroom deals—to the Rules Committee later today, or in the dead of night, and take it straight to the floor. Apparently, there is no time to even have it sit for 1 day so that Members can read it, let alone get analysis from the nonpartisan experts at CBO. Are they hoping that if they move quickly enough, no one will figure out what they are up to? Well, let me lay it out for everybody. Essential health benefits require insurance plans to cover basic essential benefits, such as emergency services, maternity care, mental health care and substance abuse treatment, pediatric services, and prescription drugs. Now, The New York Times this morning pointed out that this late breaking Republican proposal could lead to plans that cover aromatherapy, but not chemotherapy. I mean, really? Are Republicans seriously contemplating making a change this massive without hearings? Without a markup? No CBO estimate of the impact? No chance to read the bill? I have seen a lot in my years here, but this is truly unbelievable. You guys take my breath away. b0930 That is not even considering the already dangerous bill we were supposed to be down here considering right now. Let me just make it clear what that bill actually is. First, it is a massive tax cut for millionaires and billionaires, paid for by taking health insurance away from 24 million people, period. Anyone who takes 5 minutes to look at any unbiased analysis of the bill knows that this is true: massive tax cuts for the welloff at the expense of 24 million people. Now, let me paint a picture of how big that number is: Twentyfour million people is basically the entire population of the country of Australia. It is more people than live in the States of Kansas, New Mexico, Nebraska, West Virginia, Idaho, Hawaii, New Hampshire, Maine, Rhode Island, Montana, Delaware, South Dakota, North Dakota, Alaska, Vermont, Wyoming, and the District of Columbia, combined. You know how I know this bill is a tax giveaway for the wealthy, and it is not a healthcare bill? Because, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office—and this is truly incredible—it would actually result in more people uninsured than if the Affordable Care Act were simply repealed. Let that sink in for a minute. Second, their bill would cause people to pay more in terms of outofpocket expenses, and in return, they will get lower quality health insurance. That is right. Republicans are asking people to pay more for less coverage. In particular, lower income and older Americans will see their costs skyrocket— those people who can least afford to pay more. Third point, and this is a big one, the bill guts Medicaid and Medicare. Now, don’t take it from me. The AARP said: ‘‘This bill would weaken Medicare’s fiscal sustainability, dramatically increase healthcare costs for Americans aged 50 to 64, and put at risk the health care of millions of children and adults with disabilities, and poor seniors who depend on the Medicaid program for longterm services and supports and other benefits.’’ That is the AARP. In fact, Americans aged 50 to 64 will pay premiums five times higher than what others pay for health coverage no matter how healthy they are. This bill is an age tax, plain and simple, and Republicans are cutting $880 billion from Medicaid. That is a 25 percent cut in funding. All this to give tax cuts to the rich and to corporations. The bill must look like a cruel joke to the most vulnerable among us. Representative MOBROOKS , a member of the Republican Conference said just the other night: ‘‘Quite frankly, I’m persuaded that this Republican healthcare bill . . . longterm, is a detriment to the future of the United States of America.’’ Finally, even before imposing martial law last night, this process was horrendous. The Republican majority rushed their bill through the committee process without any hearings— none, zero—just holding marathon markups where no Democratic amendments were accepted—none, not one. They didn’t even wait for a CBO score. 
Then, when the score finally came, it showed that the bill would kick 24 million people off their insurance. Did they stop then? No, of course not. Yesterday, in the Rules Committee, we rushed ahead with a cobbledtogether manager’s amendment—I am sorry, four cobbledtogether manager’s amendments since the originals had errors and, again, no CBO score on the updated bill. Didn’t my colleagues learn their lesson from last week? And even worse, the main manager’s amendment, which we received just 36 hours before our meeting, is so full of backroom deals, as I mentioned, like the Buffalo bribe, a cynical—likely unconstitutional—agreement with wavering New York Republicans who know the Republican healthcare plan would devastate New York. And now they are saying: Don’t worry. If you don’t like this bill, it is just step one of three. You will get another chance to vote on health care during step three. Never mind that they can’t give us the full slate of bills that are part of this mysterious step three. Or maybe I should just take Republican Senator COTTON ’s word for it. He said: ‘‘There is no threestep plan. That is just political talk. It’s just politicians engaging in spin.’’ Republican TEDCRUZ from my colleague’s State of Texas called the third prong of this threebucket strategy ‘‘the sucker’s bucket.’’ The sucker’s bucket—that is your own Member calling you a sucker if you vote for this. We heard testimony all day yesterday and well into the night about how disastrous this bill would be for hardworking Americans. We heard about how countless major health organizations oppose this plan, from the American Medical Association to the American Hospital Association, to the National Rural Health Association, to the AARP, to the American Society of Addiction Medicine, to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, and I could go on and on and on and on. This reverse Robin Hood will steal from the working class and give to the wealthy. Under the Republican plan, $2.8 billion in tax breaks will go to the 400 richest families in America each year. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem to be rushing this through in hopes that no one will figure out that it is a tax break for the rich masquerading as a healthcare bill. Now we find ourselves on the floor debating a martial law rule that will take that reckless process from light speed to warp speed. Let me just remind my colleagues again that we are talking about people’s lives here. I am pretty sure the middle class Americans, whom Republicans claim to be helping would be okay with delaying this reckless bill for a little while to give us a chance to find out what the impacts will be. Mr. Speaker, this process is beyond the pale. I am honestly still stunned that we are even here debating a martial law rule on legislation of this magnitude when changes to people’s basic, essential health benefits are being contemplated without so much as a single hearing, let alone a CBO score. And again, we have no real clue what Republicans will be bringing to the floor later today. I am just going off what I read in the news since we haven’t gotten any actual updates from the other side of the aisle, but this rule would allow them to bring anything to the floor today or tomorrow or Saturday or Sunday or Monday—literally anything. Will there be a new bill? Who knows. Will it even be on health care? Beats me. What mysterious changes are they contemplating that are so broad they can’t even narrow their martial law authority down to the topic of health care? Please, please, I would ask my colleagues to slow down. Be thoughtful. This is not a game. You don’t get extra points for being fast. This healthcare repeal affects millions upon millions upon millions of Americans. Don’t jam a disastrous bill through the House with patchedup fixes. Wait for a revised CBO score. Listen to what members of your own Conference are saying. Or better yet, don’t do this at all. Let’s go back to the drawing board. It is clear Republicans never really had a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Don’t pretend you did and then make our most vulnerable pay the consequences. This is a sad day. This is a sad day for this institution, but it is even a sadder day for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the chance for us to be here today means that a lot of people are going to have a lot of opinions, and I appreciate the gentleman having an opinion. He knows what we are doing. So do the American people. The American people are watching TV, and they are seeing where Republicans are huddling together and pushing this activity of health care, debating ideas right, really, before the American people, really, hundreds of TV shows. I have been on 15 or 20 myself where I am saying that the Republican replacement or repeal of ObamaCare is something we are taking our time to discuss. We are taking our time to make sure our colleagues understand it. We are taking time to be thoughtful. Otherwise, we would have just rushed it through. In fact, we took some 13 hours last night, yesterday, at the Rules Committee to do exactly that. Ms. PELOSI  spent 3 hours before the Rules Committee, essentially talking about things that—we see things differently. She thinks she sees things differently than we do, and that is okay. It gave her a chance to have a debate opportunity. This is what this is all about. It does not bother me at all. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we want Members to have a chance to have their thoughts and ideas on the record, to take their time to be thoughtful about what we are doing. And it does matter. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Collinsville, Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ), a gentleman whom I came to Congress with in the 105th Congress. The gentleman is from the 15th District of Illinois and served our country as a veteran. He was a West Point graduate, and he is a really good guy. (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, this is an important day, and I have great friends on the other side of the aisle. We debated aggressively, and, in fact, I see one of my colleagues from California. We spent 27
1⁄2hours dealing with our committee of jurisdiction’s markup of the bill. It has been a long time since ObamaCare was passed, 7 years, and those of us on our side said: Well, we didn’t keep the insurance plan they said we were able to keep, we didn’t get to keep the doctor that they promised we could have, we didn’t save the $2,500 a month that was promised would be the savings if we passed ObamaCare. So I would argue, we have been very patient—7 years—and I think the public has been very patient. The public has judged ObamaCare through a couple of election cycles and has claimed failure. So we are on, as we call it, a rescue mission, because right now premiums have increased 25 percent, on average, across the country; onethird of U.S. counties have only one insurer; 4.7 million Americans were kicked off their health plan; and $1 trillion in new taxes. Out of the 23 ObamaCare COOPs—I love coops. I am from rural America. We believe in coops. They are notfor profits. Out of the 23 ObamaCare CO OPs, 18 failed. It shows you it is not working: $53 billion in new regulation costs; 176 million hours of paperwork. So what do we do? Republicans believe in transparency. We believe in markets. We believe in competition. We believe in what we are calling cooperative federalism: returning power to the States. We are seeing that in part of the Medicaid proposals, allowing the engines of our country, the States—some have been very, very successful in reforming the Medicaid programs, providing firstdollar coverage, and some 
have not. Hopefully, they will learn from the other States. We also want to empower the individuals in the individual markets. One sizefitsall, mandatory—you have to have one of only four plans—has destroyed the individual market. So 7 years is too long to wait. I appreciate us moving aggressively. Time is of the essence. We are on a rescue mission, and this is just another path in the process of repealing and replacing ObamaCare. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have a lot of respect for my colleague from Illinois, but let me just say to him that the Republican plan is not a rescue mission. It is a fullfledged attack on the middle class—a rescue plan for the rich, maybe, slamming the middle class with a tax hike. Ripping away coverage and undermining Medicare is not a rescue mission, I assure you. I have seen the townhalls around the country. They want nothing to do with your rescue plan. Rescuing something you sabotaged, offering Americans a plan that costs more and covers less, going after essential services—please, that is not what the American people want. To my colleague from Texas, the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee, he is assuring us that Republicans are huddled somewhere. Well, I have got news for him. I have been reading press reports that Republicans have canceled their 9 a.m. Conference meeting. As I understand it, one Republican Member told the reporter that that move ‘‘tells me it’s panic time.’’ b0945 Another Republican source is quoted as saying: This is such a disaster. Representative MASSIE said: Frankly, it is not very well thought out. So I don’t think people are huddling. I think people are dispersed, and so it makes me even more wary about what we are going to see later today. By the way, all we are asking is that we actually see the bill. We had a Rules Committee hearing yesterday on a bill that, quite frankly, will not be the bill we are going to consider later today or tomorrow or Saturday or Sunday or Monday. We are talking about health care that affects millions and millions of people, and nobody in this Chamber has seen what we are going to vote on. This is ludicrous. How can this be? What are you thinking? Do this right. There is no rush. You don’t get extra points for being fast. When we read about some of the compromises that are being talked about— going after essential services that basically help the most vulnerable in this country, services like mental health treatment, treatments for opiate addiction, maternity care—essential benefits are being compromised or being taken away. So what will end up happening is you will get up and say: Yeah, we will sell you insurance. It will be cheap, but you get no coverage. Nothing is covered. That is not what the American people want. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, today House Republicans and President Trump will try to keep a political promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act, despite the plainly obvious and harmful impact this bill would have on hardworking Americans. It is really sad that, after 7 years, my friends on the other side of the aisle still don’t have a bill that they are publicizing, that we can read, that we can carefully analyze. It is sad that we can’t work together on this. This Republican bill would raise premiums while increasing outofpocket costs, forcing Americans to pay more for less coverage, attack women’s health, threaten retirement savings, force those over age 50 to pay thousands more because of the age tax, and cause 14 million Americans to lose health insurance next year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from New York. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, In my district alone, 76,700 would lose coverage, including nearly more than 5,000 children and nearly 18,000 adults with employersponsored coverage. This isn’t health reform. It is a political game. Lives are at stake. I hope we vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am delighted that the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) came down. She, not unlike many of those in her party, are intensely interested in making sure that the American people are going to get the opportunity to have something that I have always said is equal to or better than. The bottom line is that families on ObamaCare, or the Affordable Care Act, today—and that includes almost every single Member of Congress, including myself and my family—did not get what we were told would happen. Much of the Affordable Care Act was not even decided and developed until after the bill was put together, and we knew that ahead of time. They told us it is going to take a couple of years for us to put this together. Right now, here, today, only about 24 out of 100 physicians across this country even accept ObamaCare. The Republican plan is not simple, but it is easy to understand, and that is this: We allow every single person to stay on ObamaCare 2017, 2018, and 2019. That is undeniably in the bill, and they know that. We are allowing every single American that does not, today, receive the tax benefit, the benefit that goes back to World War II, an untaxed benefit by employers—we are allowing every single American family to be able to receive a tax credit. You cannot use both. You cannot doubledip into another system. But we are allowing every single one of those families that, today, was completely excluded or chose not to take ObamaCare to receive a tax credit. That tax credit for families is important because, today, they are paying aftertax dollars if they choose to get health care. And tomorrow what we will do is allow up to $8,000 for a family of four—that is $8,000 for a tax credit for a family—effective in November of a year to be able to, before they purchase their health care in January, to designate the first $8,000 to the healthcare plan of their choice. Well, that obviously doesn’t fly well either because the Democrats want to tell people what they have to have. Most families don’t need many things that are covered. Why should they pay for that? Oh, because the Democratic Party, Washington, D.C., says you have to. These are essential items. No, no, no. A family will be able to make their own decisions and not pay for what they don’t need. So, Mr. Speaker, there always are at least two sides of the story. And it is true that what the Republican Party is going to do is allow people to make their own choice, but to give them the tools necessary. And if a family decides to do that, then they can; if they decide not to, they don’t have to. Just like what is happening today where people are required to get health care but 30 million people are uninsured, figure that one out, Mr. Speaker. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ) says the Republican bill is simple and easy to understand. My question is: Where the hell is it? Maybe it is under the table. We haven’t seen it. Every time we get the bill, it changes. So maybe they ought to start with giving us the bill so people know what the bill would do. Mr. Speaker, I want to point out to my colleagues, this is a new analysis from the Tax Policy Center and the Urban Institute’s Healthy Policy Center that shows just how dramatically these tax cuts benefit the wealthy at the expense of the middle class and working class families. This bill really is a giveaway to the rich. This chart clearly illustrates that disparity. The rich would benefit greatly from the tax cuts in the bill, with a family making more than $200,000 receiving a $5,680 tax cut, and a family making more than a million dollars a year getting a $51,410 break on their taxes. That is too high to even fit on the chart. Meanwhile, families making less than $50,000 will be paying the price. This bill really is a massive giveaway to the welloff and to the wealthy. This 
is going to hurt the middle class. This is not what the American people want. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I never thought in coming to Congress that I would be voting on legislation that would take away health insurance from 24 million Americans, including my own constituents. The Speaker said that this legislation is an act of mercy. I think it is merciless. Every human being has a spark of divinity in them, and we dishonor that with this legislation. It is not worthy of the American people. There is less coverage, higher costs, elimination of essential services—not only for what people need day to day but for the unexpected. That is what insurance is all about. There is a crushing age tax for people between the ages of 50 and 64. What has happened to the GOP? Is it now ‘‘get older people’’? This does not deserve one vote in the House of Representatives. It is shameful, and it is immoral. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We have at least two different sides up here, and people are entitled to believe whatever they want to believe. I am entitled to the same opinion of myself, also. There are also a set of answers and facts that need to be given, evidently, and that is, in fact, we do make changes in the bill to ObamaCare. We do. Mr. Speaker, the law, the way it was written, we have virtually few 30year olds to 45yearolds that actually pay for ObamaCare, the people we were told who needed it the most. The reason why is because it was dictated from Washington how to rate the coverage. In rating that coverage, it became so illogically expensive for a young person to pay an astronomical amount for their insurance, and even many times a higher value for their deductible, to where 30yearolds, 35yearolds, 36 yearolds, 37yearolds chose simply not to take the policy offered. So what do Republicans do? It is real simple. Here is what Republicans do: They allow the States the flexibility to determine what might be called a rating. And it is true that, now, people will be rated based upon their own actuarial experience of where they are in life, their age. Mr. Speaker, it is true that a 25yearold, 30yearold, 35year old needs less necessary intricate and expensive health care. And it is actuarially true that the older that we get—I celebrated my birthday yesterday. I get it. I am getting older, and I probably am a little more expensive at the doctor in things that I need, especially into my future. So what we did is we said where you have that rating system, we will allow more money through the tax credit system to adjust that so that a 50 to 64yearold will not be at a disadvantage because those, too, are the people we want in the healthcare plan. So we are actually going to add, by making it actuarially sound and attractive, a whole bunch of younger people; and we are going to recognize this balance, and we are going to provide more of an incentive to balance out for those who are older. That makes sense. It is also reality based, Mr. Speaker. But to say that someone is going to be paying more without us recognizing that and doing something about it would not be a fair argument. I reserve the balance of my time. b1000 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership and for yielding me the time. When the President campaigned, he said he wanted more benefits, more coverage, and lower premiums. Since he got to the White House, he said, well, health care is complicated; and they have tried to create a bill with the Republicans cobbling every special interest group and every faction. But the President knows it doesn’t have to be complicated. He knows the solution. In 2000, he wrote that the Canadian plan, singlepayer plan, helps Canadians live longer and healthier than Americans. There are fewer medical lawsuits, less loss of labor to sickness, and lower cost to companies paying for medical care for their employees. He wrote further that, ‘‘We, as a Nation, need to reexamine the single payer plan;’’ and he advocated for a singlepayer plan. Mr. President, what has changed? You know what the solution is. If you are serious about health care, work with people like Senator SANDERS , Congressman WELCH , and others, and offer a real solution to the American people. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, we have heard this legislation described as a rescue mission and an act of mercy. Don’t insult the intelligence of the American people. This bill is the cruelest and most immoral piece of legislation I have seen since I arrived in Congress. It will rip insurance from 24 million hardworking Americans, including 60,000 Rhode Islanders. It will put $600 billion in tax breaks into the hands of the powerful, wealthy special interests. This is not a healthcare bill. This is a taxcut bill. Let’s call it what it is. It is going to produce higher costs, higher premiums, and more outofpocket expenses. It imposes a crushing age tax on older Americans. It ransacks funds that seniors rely on for longterm care, and it will destroy nearly 2 million jobs. All of this harm to the American people, to settle a political score, and to reward your friends and wealthy special interests. Shame on President Trump and shame on the Republican Party for doing this to the American people. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. What a shame the gentleman was not here to vote for the Affordable Care Act when it took hold several years ago, and he would have known this is a bad deal. Mr. Speaker, even the American people cannot be fooled. The American people saw ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, waste billions of dollars simply to try and put together a computer system. Mr. Speaker, the American people understand it was a tax bill. It is about using the IRS, and they were going to add 17,000 employees, literally, to beat the brains out of the American people to force them into having health care from Washington. Mr. Speaker, no wonder Republicans won the majority several years ago. No wonder Republicans have saved the American people not only from the IRS, but from the massive taxes that were embedded within this huge government takeover of our healthcare system. The bottom line is that my colleagues have not yet met a tax they wouldn’t be for. They have not yet built and grown these massive government organizations to the tune that they want to force the American people to do things. And they are having a difficult time understanding today why the American people—if given a choice and an opportunity and an advantage that would be fair for all Americans to have a tax credit, why that is something that people really want to see. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Trump may or may not have contemplated every single part of the healthcare issue, but I will tell you what he did understand. And that is, draining the swamp from a system that takes away your freedom, that saps the economic growth and vitality of this country, and that empowers the Internal Revenue Service is a bad idea. Mr. Speaker, having to qualify by going through the IRS to look at your records first to determine whether you qualify for a subsidy should be an embarrassment, and it was seen that way by the American people. Mr. Speaker, to guess at how much money and work you would have during the year, and then if you are wrong, pay up, was a system that did not work because many physicians across this country and many hospitals simply do not take ObamaCare. They are acting like it was a gift from God. Mr. Speaker, it did not work, and it does not work. The Republican Party is going to find a way, and we are going to get our act together, and we are 
going to gleefully go and do the right thing. It is a process, Mr. Speaker. It is a long process. It actually does take the House, the Senate, and the President, and we are going to get our job done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 10 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me just say that I feel bad for the gentleman from Texas for having to defend this lousy rule and this lousy bill all by himself. We have so many speakers here, we don’t have enough time to accommodate them all. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, since the ACA was enacted, California’s uninsured rate has dropped by 54 percent. Over 263,000 people have gained coverage in the three counties in my district. But now my Republican colleagues want us to pass a replacement bill that will strip away health care for 24 million Americans. TrumpCare guts the Medicare program and creates a new, prebroken system that rations health care for more than 76 million Americans. In my district alone, more than 64,000 people will lose coverage because of the provisions of the Republican replacement bill. It will take money away from our hospitals and eliminate 4,000 jobs in San Joaquin County alone. Working and middle class families will be forced to pay more for less. This will increase healthcare costs and decrease the quality of coverage available. Americans deserve access to quality healthcare coverage and health care that they can afford. I ask my Republican colleagues to withdraw this terrible bill and work across the aisle, for once, to improve the ACA that benefits all Americans. I strongly oppose this bill and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, we are here to discuss the rule for voting on TrumpCare, or RyanCare, or whatever they are calling it today, based on whoever is willing to put their name to it. But we learned upon arrival at work that the rules are that there are no rules. It is ‘‘Lord of the Flies Day’’ here in the House of Representatives. They want to make us vote on a bill that no one has even read. No one can find it. Anything goes. The whole process has been a disaster, a debacle, a mockery of democracy—no hearings, no witnesses, no experts, no process, no deliberation, and now no bill even. But the American people are saying ‘‘no way.’’ The polls show people are turning dramatically against that wreck of legislation that is missing in Washington today. Yesterday, we heard about the Buffalo Bribe, the Hudson Hustle, the Kinderhook Kickback, every manner to try to round up votes from Members who know their political careers are in danger for going anywhere near this bill. What do they propose to do? What we know is they want to kick 24 million Americans off their health care, destroy Planned Parenthood, and transfer $600 billion up the wealth ladder in the United States. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. RASKIN. This legislation, however it turns out today, will crash the system, which is what their chief strategist, Steve Bannon, has said he wants to do. If a foreign power like the Russians proposed to do this to America, we would consider it an act of aggression and war against the American people. This bill is not a rescue mission, as they say. It is a wrecking ball, and we should put it to bed once and for all today. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, and to my friends on the Republican side, you have got the perfect bill. It cuts taxes, $800 billion, largely at the high end. It cuts 24 million people off of health care. And it ends the Medicaid entitlement. What is the problem? Bring your bill up here. Now, what you have is not a healthcare bill. You have a taxcut bill masquerading as a healthcare bill, and your hesitation is the collateral damage that you are going to do to the people who voted for you will become clear. To the hospitals in rural America we need, that damage will become clear. To the people age 50 to 64, who are going to get hammered, hammered at a point in their life when, more than ever, they need health care, you are going to stick it to them. The people who supported you, the people who believed in you are the people you are turning your back on. I say, bring your bill up here. Vote it. Take ownership of what it is you are doing. I welcome your courage in telling rural America that they don’t matter. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are advised to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am compelled to come to the floor this morning to urge my Republican colleagues to stop hiding the TrumpCare bill. The American people and their Representatives deserve to know what is in the bill. But here is what we know so far. It rips coverage away from millions of our neighbors back home. It is a massive tax or cost increase for people’s insurance, whether you have it through healthcare.gov or through your private employer. It imposes a significant age tax on our older neighbors back home. It cuts Medicare and shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund. It breaks the fundamental guarantee we have with our neighbors back home who are Alzheimer’s patients, children with complex conditions, the disabled, under Medicaid, all to give a massive tax break to the wealthiest people in America. That is a failure in vision and a failure in values, and this bill should be hidden forever. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this merciless bill, ironically called a healthcare bill, would be disastrous for this country’s health, and especially harmful to the people in my home State of New York. It will not expand access to health care, as promised. It will, instead, rip away healthcare insurance from 24 million people, including 2.7 million in New York City, people who already have health care. And it will not make premiums more affordable, as promised. It will, instead, raise premiums across this Nation. Premiums in New York would go up an estimated $1,000 next year alone. It cuts all Federal funding for a year for Planned Parenthood clinics, which serve women in need across this country. And to make an already bad bill even worse, this bill cuts nearly $5 billion in funding for New York’s hospitals that serve some of our most vulnerable people. Voting for this bill is voting to cause sure and certain harm to millions of Americans. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, we are considering a bill so bad it was kept under lock and key, hidden from Democrats and those Republicans who would not pledge allegiance to it; a bill that was so destructive that no witness would come to defend or explain it in allnight committee sessions; a bill jammed through this House, logically, you would expect this special rule to jam it through today. What is at stake here is not only the crumbling and destruction of health care, but it is the crumbling of our democracy. 
Our Republican colleagues need to remember that this is Washington, not Moscow. This is Congress, not the Duma. We deserve a fair consideration of this bill open to discussion because of its impact on millions of Americans who will lose their access to a family physician. These heavyhanded tactics reflect the fear of the American public getting an opportunity to look thoroughly at this bill and understand what it does to each family affected. Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the rule. b1015 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today the Republicans are doing something that goes against what was promised in the campaign, and that was that everyone would have insurance, the insurance would be better, and it would cost less. But, instead, we are going in the opposite direction. Less people are going to have insurance; 24 million are being kicked off. It is going to cost more for the insurance, and you are going to get less insurance coverage than what you are paying for. It is a total disaster what they are trying to do here. Today, they are going to meet with the Freedom Caucus at 11:30, I understand, over at the White House. So the bill is going to get worse. Can you imagine that? If you have got fooled the first time, don’t get fooled again. If someone tells you something that you know is not true or that you thought was true and you find out it is not true, don’t fall for it again, Members. It is time for change in America. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the article from today’s New York Times titled, ‘‘Late GOP Proposal Could Mean Plans That Cover Aromatherapy But Not Chemotherapy.’’ 
[From the New York Times, Mar. 23, 2017] LATE G.O.P. P ROPOSAL COULD MEAN PLANS  THAT COVER AROMATHERAPY BUTNOT CHEMOTHERAPY  (By Margot SangerKatz) Most Republicans in Congress prefer the type of health insurance market in which everyone could ‘‘choose the plan that’s right for them.’’ Why should a 60yearold man have to buy a plan that includes maternity benefits he’ll never use? (This is an example that comes up a lot.) In contrast, the Affordable Care Act includes a list of benefits that have to be in every plan, a reality that makes insurance comprehensive, but often costly. Now, a group of conservative House members is trying to cut a deal to get those benefit requirements eliminated as part of the bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act moving through Congress. (The vote in the House is expected later today.) At first glance, this may sound like a wonderful policy. Why should that 60yearold man have to pay for maternity benefits he will never use? If 60yearold men don’t need to pay for benefits they won’t use, the price of insurance will come down, and more people will be able to afford that coverage, the thinking goes. And people who want fancy coverage with extra benefits can just pay a little more for the plan that’s right for them. But there are two main problems with stripping away minimum benefit rules. One is that the meaning of ‘‘health insurance’’ can start to become a little murky. The second is that, in a world in which no one has to offer maternity coverage, no insurance company wants to be the only one that offers it. Here is the list of Essential Health Benefits that are required under the Affordable Care Act: Ambulatory patient services (doctor’s visits) Emergency services Hospitalization Maternity and newborn care Mental health and substance abuse disorder services, including behavioral health treatment Prescription drugs Rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices Laboratory services Preventive and wellness services, and chronic disease management Pediatric services, including oral and vision care The list reflects some lobbying of the members of Congress who wrote it. You may notice that dental services are required for children, but not adults, for example. But over all, the list was developed to make insurance for people who buy their own coverage look, roughly, like the kind of coverage people get through their employer. A plan without prescription drug coverage would probably be cheaper than one that covers it, but most people wouldn’t think of that plan as very good insurance for people who have health care needs. Under the Republican plan, the government would give people who buy their own insurance money to help them pay for it. A 20yearold who doesn’t get coverage from work or the government, for example, would get $2,000. If the essential health benefits go away, insurance companies would be allowed to sell health plans that don’t cover, say, hospital care. Federal money would help buy these plans. But history illustrates a potential problem. In the 1990s, Congress created a tax credit that helped lowincome people buy insurance for their children. Quickly, it became clear that unscrupulous entrepreneurs were creating cheap products that weren’t very useful, and marketing them to people eligible for the credit. Congress quickly repealed the provision after investigations from the Government Accountability Office and the Ways and Means Committee uncovered fraud. Mark Pauly, a professor of health care management at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, who tends to favor market solutions in health care, said that while the Obamacare rules are ‘‘paternalistic,’’ it would be problematic to offer subsidies without standards. ‘‘If they’re going to offer a tax credit for people who are buying insurance, well, what is insurance?’’ he said, noting that you might end up with the government paying for plans that covered aromatherapy but not hospital care. ‘‘You have to specify what’s included.’’ A proliferation of $1,995 plans that covered mostly aromatherapy could end up costing the federal government a lot more money than the current G.O.P. plan, since far more people would take advantage of tax credits to buy cheap products, even if they weren’t very valuable. There’s another reason, besides avoiding fraud, that health economists say benefit rules are important. Obamacare requires insurers to offer health insurance to people who have preexisting illnesses at the same price as they sell them to healthy people, and the Republican bill would keep this rule. But if an insurance company designs a plan that attracts a lot of sick people, it will be very expensive to cover them, and the insurance company will either lose money or end up charging extremely high prices that would drive away any healthy customers. Sherry Glied, the dean of the Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service at New York University, who helped work on the essential health benefits in the Obama administration, raised the example of mental health benefits. Parents of adolescents with schizophrenia will be sure to buy insurance that covers only mental health services. Other parents won’t care about that benefit. The result: Any company offering such benefits will end up with a lot of customers requiring expensive hospitalizations, while its competitors that drop them will get healthier customers who are cheaper to insure. If mental health services are optional, no insurance company will want to offer them, lest all the families with sick children buy their product and put them out of business. And then healthy people who develop mental illness, or drug addiction, will also learn that their illness isn’t covered. The result could be a sort of market failure: ‘‘If you don’t require that these benefits are required, they often just get knocked out of the market altogether,’’ she said. Before Obamacare passed, there were few federal standards for health insurance bought by individuals, and it was not uncommon to find plans that didn’t include prescription drug coverage, mental health services or maternity care. But plans tended to cover most of the other benefits. That was in a world where health insurers could discriminate against sick people. In that era, insurers in most states could simply tell the mother of a mentally ill child that she couldn’t buy insurance. That made it less risky for insurers to offer mental health benefits to everyone else. David Cutler, a professor at Harvard who helped advise the Obama administration on the Affordable Care Act, said he thinks the kind of insurance products that would be offered under the proposed mix of policies could become much more barebones than plans before Obamacare. He envisioned an environment in which a typical plan might cover only emergency care and basic preventive services, with everything else as an add on product, costing almost exactly as much as it would cost to pay for a service outof pocket. ‘‘Think of this as the ifyouhaverheumatoidarthritisyoushouldpay$30,000 provision,’’ he said. Such a system would mean that Americans with costly problems—cancer, opioid addiction, H.I.V.—would end up paying a substantially higher share of their medical bills, while healthy people would pay lower prices for insurance that wouldn’t cover as many treatments. There is most likely a middle way. Republican lawmakers might be comfortable with a system that shifts more of the costs of care onto people who are sick, if it makes the average insurance plan less costly for the healthy. But making those choices would mean engaging in very real tradeoffs, less simple than their talking point. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would be delighted if we had actual text to look at right now, but, instead, 
we are forced to rely on news reports, and what I am reading in the news is not good. The article that I just included in the RECORD also quotes a Harvard professor who says: ‘‘Think of this as the ifyou haverheumatoidarthritisyoushould pay$30,000 provision.’’ The article says that we could go back to a world where insurers could simply tell the mother of a mentally ill child that she couldn’t buy insurance. It is ironic that the Republicans want to take away a woman’s choice about a pregnancy, and then it looks like they are going to take away any insurance she needs for prenatal care or maternity care. What are we doing here, Mr. Speaker? What will we be asked to vote on later today? If these sorts of dangerous ideas are being considered, we, the American people, deserve to know. Twentyfour million people are going to lose their insurance under the proposal the Republicans are considering. People will pay more and get less. There will be huge tax cuts for the rich. Again, we don’t even have the final text. This is awful. This is unacceptable. I will remind my colleagues that this is about the American people. Put the people of this country ahead of your party, ahead of your ideology, and ahead of this President who just discovered that health care is complicated. This is a lifeordeath issue for many in this country. Health care is very personal. Don’t take it away from people. Let’s work in a bipartisan way to make the improvements in the Affordable Care Act that we all know need to be made, but don’t just tear apart a healthcare system that is providing an additional 20 million Americans health insurance. Please don’t do this. Slow down. Provide us the text of the bill. Let’s have hearings. Let’s bring the American people into the Congress and listen to what they have to say. Listen to what your own constituents have been saying to you in townhalls. They don’t want what you are selling here today. They don’t want your rescue plan. They want health care for themselves and their families, and that is what they deserve. So, please, vote down this martial law rule and go back to the drawing board. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Seven years ago, Mr. Speaker, this town was abuzz with this new healthcare plan, the Affordable Care Act, that was signed by the President of the United States. We were promised an enormous opportunity to make health care better. Mr. Speaker, fortunately, the American people had a chance to make a decision, and the American people—after watching and seeing not only people incapable of putting databases together, incapable of understanding marketplaces, and incapable of understanding the limits of the American people’s real need to understand and to have a better healthcare system—gave up on ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act. They gave up on it because, after 7 long years, they understood it simply didn’t equal what they were sold. The Republican Party is selling what we believe in, and this is the beginning of that sell. It is a beginning of an understanding for most Members of this body and the American people to understand you can keep your own doctor and you can keep your own healthcare plan, but you, too, can make your own decisions. You can become a consumer. Oh, my gosh, somebody from Washington isn’t going to tell us exactly what to do? Let’s scare everybody; let’s make them think that the American people can’t make their own decisions without the IRS or Washington telling them what to do. I understand there are some frustrations. I get that. I can be frustrated; I am not. It is true last week I held a townhall meeting in Dallas, Texas. It is true a bunch of people yelled and screamed at me. They simply wanted to know: Yes or no, yes or no. Mr. Speaker, policy is not like that in our country. The Republican Party does owe people thoughts, ideas, and plans. We will have the bill, and when we do it, we will own it, and we will be proud of it. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a joint resolution of the House of the following title: 
H.J. Res. 83. Joint Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 9355(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: The Senator from New Mexico (Mr. UDALL ) (Committee on Appropriations). The Senator from Hawaii (Ms. HIRONO ) (Committee on Armed Services). The message also announced that pursuant to section 4355(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: The Senator from New York (Mrs. GILLIBRAND ) (Committee on Armed Services). The Senator from Connecticut (Mr. MURPHY ) (Committee on Appropriations). The message also announced that pursuant to section 1295b(h) of title 46 App., United States Code, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: The Senator from Michigan (Mr. PETERS ) (At Large). The Senator from Hawaii (Mr. SCHATZ ) (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation). The message also announced that pursuant to section 194(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by Public Law 101–595, and further amended by Public Law 113–281, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy: The Senator from Washington (Ms. CANTWELL ) (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation). The Senator from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL ) (At Large). The message also announced that pursuant to section 6968(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: The Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. SHAHEEN ) (Committee on Appropriations). The Senator from Maryland (Mr. CARDIN ) (At Large). 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 22 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b2005 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 8 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 23, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on March 23, 2017, at 1:36 p.m.: That the Senate passed without amendment S.J. Res. 34. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), my friend, for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for tomorrow. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Members are advised that votes are now expected in the House tomorrow, March 24, 2017. I know this is a change from our previously announced schedule. Members should be prepared for multiple vote series, the first of which will be as early as 10 a.m. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. May I ask, do you know when the Rules Committee will meet, Mr. Majority Leader? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The Rules Committee will meet tomorrow morning. I anticipate a short amendment will be posted as early as tonight. It is our expectation the Rules Committee will meet tomorrow morning to report the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act. Upon adoption of that rule, the House will proceed with general debate on the measure and final passage. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Leader, if the Rules Committee meets, say, at 9 a.m., and you said the earliest vote at 10 a.m., obviously, a lot of our Members are focused on what time they have to be here to make sure they make a vote, and you said the earliest would be 10, but if you have the Rules Committee reporting out, would it be perhaps closer to 10:30? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I anticipate the Rules Committee meeting earlier than 9 a.m. tomorrow. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, can the gentleman tell us how long you anticipate the debate on the bill itself would be? Obviously, I am asking that in the context of when can Members believe that we may be concluding tomorrow’s business? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. It is our anticipation to be done in the afternoon, but the gentleman may know better how long it will take based upon as we move through during the day. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am not going to tell the gentleman, but it was a good fishing trip that the gentleman was on. I thank the gentleman, but my assumption is that Members can be relatively confident, based upon what we are going to do and what you are going to do, to be out of here somewhere before 5 p.m. tomorrow; is that correct? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to grab the exact time, but it is our anticipation, after the Rules Committee meets, that we come down and have a rules vote. We will have hours of debate, and then we will proceed with the vote, and as orderly as we can get done, we will get done by the afternoon as early as possible. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s information, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 202, noes 197, answered ‘‘present’’ 4, not voting 26, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Correa Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Esty Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gonzalez (TX) Granger Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Ratcliffe Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Vela Wagner Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Welch Westerman Williams Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Eshoo Espaillat Evans Faso Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gallagher Gibbs Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast Matsui McEachin McGovern McKinley Meehan Meeks Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Neal Noem Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Raskin Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Sewell (AL) Sires Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—4 
Bustos Clyburn Cohen Fitzpatrick Gohmert Goodlatte Grijalva Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Lieu, Ted Loebsack MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Payne Perry Pittenger Reichert Ross Rush Slaughter Takano Tsongas Turner Webster (FL) Wilson (SC) 
b2101 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
WATER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was World Water Day. When we are thirsty, we walk 3 feet to the nearest faucet or grab a bottle of water out of the refrigerator. Sadly, there are almost 800 million people who lack access to clean drinking water. It is unacceptable that in the year 2017 there are women who are still forced to walk miles to obtain water from polluted rivers. These rivers are not clear springs. Instead, they are rivers infected with waste, parasites, and other insects. That is why my friend Representative BLUMENAUER and I filed and Congress passed the Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act. It helps USAID focus on safe drinking water, better sanitation, hygiene in schools, and clinics in villages for poor people throughout the world. USAID’s goal is to give 10 million people sustainable access to clean water by next year. They are well on their way to achieving this. Clean water saves lives, and Americans should be proud of what they are doing in helping people worldwide to have that clean water. And that is just the way it is. f 
RISING IN STRONG OPPOSITION TO THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Republican effort to gut the Affordable Care Act. Twenty million people, including 100,000 Rhode Islanders, receive health coverage under the ACA. Because of the proposed plan to repeal the ACA that the Republicans are proposing, they are now threatened with losing that coverage. Instead of working in a bipartisan manner to improve the law, this bill will eliminate coverage for 24 million people, while drastically increasing healthcare costs on hardworking middle class Americans. Over the next 5 years, Rhode Island officials estimate Medicaid cuts would cost the State $595 million to make sure that 75,000 lowincome adults don’t lose coverage. Now, this is a burden that my State or others cannot afford to bear, and it will decimate services and supports for low and middleincome adults, children, seniors, and especially people with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, we are better than this as a country. Americans’ health will be jeopardized if consumer protections and comprehensive coverage developed under the ACA are cast aside in a partisan push to repeal. Let’s not do this. Let’s join together instead and make improvements to the ACA to make it better. Let’s not work against us to repeal it. I urge my colleagues to oppose this unconscionable bill. 
LET’S GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD FOR A BETTER HEALTHCARE BILL (Mr. BERA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I stand here not as a Member of the Congress, but as a doctor. And as a doctor, health care is about taking care of patients. That is why the bill that might come before us is a bad bill. It raises the cost of care for many people. It makes millions of folks lose their health insurance. It raises the cost on elderly patients. There is an age tax in there. This is a bad bill. Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s come together as Democrats and Republicans, and 
let’s make sure health care is available and affordable for every American. I don’t want to go back to the days where I would see a patient who may have cancer and I couldn’t take care of them because they didn’t have that healthcare coverage. Let’s go back to the drawing board. This is a bad bill. You guys know it is a bad bill. Let’s do this, and let’s come up with a better bill. 
SPEAKING IN SUPPORT OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I think the American people have seen the scrambling and the unraveling today, the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act which allowed more than 20 million people to achieve opportunities and access to health care that many have never had. Throughout America, the Affordable Care Act provided hardworking Americans access to wellness care, hospitalization, care that they could not have before because it eliminated the barrier for those who had preexisting disease. Now, tomorrow we will be debating this fastmoving, thoughtless, and devastating legislation that will see, in 2026, some 52 to 54 million Americans without insurance and undermine the opportunity for those in nursing homes, disabled, the blind, and many others, children, that are in great need of health care eliminated. So I don’t know what the purpose of this bill is tomorrow, but we will be here to debate it and hopefully defeat it, because I believe that the quality of life for all Americans truly is based upon their access to good, strong health care. That is what the Affordable Care Act is, helping rural hospitals, providing hospital resources for uncompensated care. So, Mr. Speaker, tomorrow we will be debating a bill that, hopefully, will be defeated because it will not save lives. 
ADDRESSING HEALTHCARE CHALLENGES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized until 10 p.m. as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate your agreeing to be down here with me tonight. I came down to talk about health care, but I actually have a personal story I want to tell before that begins, right there in the middle of the realm of health care, a friend of mine back home in Georgia. His name is Jon Richards. Mr. Speaker, you have folks like Jon Richards in your district, people who just believe that, if only they work hard enough and long enough, they can make things better for their entire community. Jon is one of those folks. And what I love most about Jon is he looks for those things that other folks aren’t doing. You know, there are those folks back home. Everybody wants that glamorous job. Everybody wants to do that thing that comes with the perks or the fringe benefits. Jon Richards was attracted to those jobs that he knew would matter, that he knew needed to get done but other folks weren’t filling those shoes. Mr. Speaker, I tell you this about Jon because Jon was diagnosed with liver cancer; and as is always true when you have a friend get diagnosed with cancer, you believe that they are going to be better. I learned this week that Jon has been moved to hospice and isn’t getting better. Mr. Speaker, Jon was one of the first folks to give me even the time of day when I thought about seeking this opportunity to serve. Jon was the first person there every Saturday morning when breakfast was getting started for the Gwinnett County Republican Party, and he was the last one to leave when the Young Republicans down at the University of Georgia were finishing up. It was young people that were his passion, Mr. Speaker. Jon saw a Republican Party that he worried was going to become more closed. He worked to open it up. Jon saw a Republican Party that was getting grayer. He was working with young people who were our future. Jon saw a Republican Party that had an opportunity to make a difference, and he seized that opportunity every single day. In 2014, Mr. Speaker, the entire State of Georgia, Georgia Republican Party, named Jon Richards the Volunteer of the Year. Truth be told, he would have won that honor every single year, you just can’t give it to somebody over and over again. I think Jon appreciated that. If you go back and try to look for pictures of Jon so you can put a name with a face, Mr. Speaker, you are likely not to see too many. He was also the guy who had the camera around his neck taking pictures of everybody else, making sure that everybody else had something to remember the day by, making sure that everybody else was involved and appreciated, making sure everybody else was served. b2115 I have known Jon Richards for a long time. I have never known him to do a single thing to benefit himself. Time and time and time again, he did the things that others wouldn’t do. Time and time and time again, he would pull me aside and say: ROB, I know how we can be better together. There is no replacement for Jon Richards—not in our county, not in our State, not in my life. Mr. Speaker, I haven’t had much experience saying goodbye to folks over the years. I have been extremely blessed in that way. But I hope that you will join me as you say your prayers tonight in praying for my friend in hospice, Jon Richards, and for his family as he enters what will be a very long weekend for him. Mr. Speaker, Jon would be the first one to be standing outside these doors pushing us forward on healthcare reform, and he would be doing it because he sees the human condition that is affected by health care. He sees the families that have expectations, families to whom promises have been made, families to whom promises have been broken. And he knows that we can do better. Mr. Speaker, what he and I would often sit and talk about is that there are challenges in this country that absolutely, positively have to be addressed. I have friends on the right, I have friends on the left, and I often believe that if we could just sit down in a room together, we would solve them if we could agree on what the problem was. Mr. Speaker, I have a chart here. You can’t see it from where you sit, but it shows you where America gets its healthcare coverage. I bring this up because that is the crux of the healthcare debate that we are having here. About 46 percent of Americans, Mr. Speaker, get their coverage from their employer. When the President was pushing the Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010, he was talking about the uninsured Americans, and surely we can do more for those families who don’t have access to health care. But 46 percent of Americans had access to health care, had it through their employer, were not seeking help or improvement, but in an effort to make a difference for the small percentage of Americans who are uninsured, the President and my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle chose to reregulate all health care across the country. It wasn’t just the lie of the year, as the newspaper PolitiFact called it, Pinocchios—if you like your doctor, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep it. It wasn’t just that that promise was broken; it is that folks who weren’t seeking any help at all got caught up in this net of a new Federal regulatory scheme. Mr. Speaker, about 46 percent of Americans get their health insurance from their employer. About 17 percent of Americans are on Medicare. We have got another 17 percent of Americans that are on Medicaid or CHIP or those safety net programs. Even here today, after the passage of the Affordable Care Act, 8 percent of Americans are uninsured. Now, we have folks who are in the exchanges—they are represented here—that is about 12.4 percent of the population. We have folks who are on Medicaid represented here; that is about 11.3 percent of the population. And we have folks who don’t have any insurance at all. Mr. Speaker, if we would come together to solve the problem for folks 
who didn’t have access to health care, I believe we could have found a solution together. Instead, what we tried to do was reregulate the entire healthcare system, even for all of the Americans who were perfectly happy with their care. And it didn’t work. You don’t have to take my word for it, Mr. Speaker. I can quote from my big newspaper back home in my district, The Atlanta JournalConstitution: ‘‘Aetna to pull out of Georgia’s ObamaCare insurance marketplace.’’ Many counties in Georgia now, Mr. Speaker, only have one insurer to choose from. Humana has announced it is pulling out. Union Leader in New Hampshire: ‘‘Another ACA failure Bad idea keeps getting worse.’’ Over in Kaiser Health News in Arkansas: ‘‘Largest U.S. Health Insurer Pulls Out of Health Exchanges in Georgia, Arkansas.’’ From The Washington Post: ‘‘Aetna chief executive says ObamaCare is in a ‘death spiral.’’’ And from the CourierTribune in North Carolina: ‘‘Blue Cross projects $400 million loss in NC on ACA in just two years.’’ Mr. Speaker, while we can argue about whether we correctly identified the problem to begin with, while we can argue about whether or not we crafted the right solution to begin with, what is undisputed is that the Affordable Care Act is failing, and it is taking American families down with it. That is not just the newspapers talking, Mr. Speaker. I will quote from former President Barack Obama. In August of last year, he says: ‘‘Despite this progress’’—he is talking about the progress of the ACA—‘‘too many Americans still strain to pay for their physician visits and prescriptions, cover their deductibles, or pay their monthly insurance bills; struggle to navigate a complex, sometimes bewildering system; and remain uninsured.’’ Twenty million Americans remain uninsured. After all of the President’s efforts, he still recognized in August of last year there was much more to be done because the efforts that he tried failed. Governor Mark Dayton, a Democrat from Minnesota, in October of last year, he says: ‘‘The reality is the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable. . . . ’’ The aspiration was that premiums would come down by $2,500, but the reality is that premiums were going up by double digits, and in some cases triple digits. The Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable. And former President Bill Clinton, in October of last year, Mr. Speaker, he said: ‘‘So you’ve got this crazy system where all of a sudden 25 million more people have health care and then the people who are out there busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. It’s the craziest thing in the world.’’ There is a group of people, mostly smallbusiness owners and employees, who make just a little too much money to qualify for Medicaid expansion or for the tax incentives who can’t get affordable health insurance premiums in a lot of places. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe health care is a partisan issue. Regulation and how we use it may be a partisan issue. Federal control of whether we should use it may be a partisan issue, but providing Americans access to health care is an American issue, and every one of these Democrats I have just cited recognize the failures of the current system. I don’t say that, Mr. Speaker, to try to point the finger of blame. I say it because either we believe that everything is working just great and we should all pack our bags and head back home to the district, or we believe that there are American families in crisis that are calling on us to serve them. You can’t see this map, Mr. Speaker, but it shows some of that crisis. In just 1 year, from 2016 to 2017, Mr. Speaker, the number of counties in America that only have one insurer to choose from quintupled. I will say that again. In just 1 year, from 2016 to 2017, so severe is the death spiral of the exchanges across the country, the number of American counties that no longer have choices and are limited to a single insurer has increased 500 percent. Mr. Speaker, the number of counties that only have one insurer is represented here in the color of orange. You see it in 2016, you see it in 2017. Five entire States, Mr. Speaker, in a healthcare system that was designed to provide consumers with choices, have no choice of insurer whatsoever. I say that because we have gotten wrapped around the political axle here, Mr. Speaker, as if somehow if you are on the Republican side of the aisle, you cannot recognize that the Affordable Care Act achieved any successes whatsoever, and if you are on the Democratic side of the aisle, you can’t recognize that the Affordable Care Act has failed anyone in any way whatsoever. Both of those positions are nonsense. I tell you that if you have spent a trillion dollars on this program—and you have—I hope a family has been helped. I know some families that have been helped. But I also know families that have been crushed. We need to repeal the Affordable Care Act for those families that have been crushed, and we need to replace the Affordable Care Act for those families that have been helped because that help is rapidly eroding. Mr. Speaker, I want you to think about the thought, the idea that is the Affordable Care Act. The idea is we are going to provide these choices, and then we are going to provide these government subsidies, and folks are going to have access to health care for the very first time. It is a wonderful idea: provide choice, provide support, provide access. The reality is, though, Mr. Speaker, with those choices, with those subsidies, with that offer of access, almost 20 million Americans said: Forget it, I am out. Now, you remember this whole plan was put together where the IRS comes and fines you if you are out. So what began as an idea that said, ‘‘We are going to provide you with choice, we are going to provide you with support, and that is going to get you your access,’’ 20 million Americans have decided that plan has so failed them, they would rather pay the IRS a penalty to the tune of $4 billion last year—rather, pay the IRS a penalty than access the Affordable Care Act. That is a failure. It is a failure. Who is it failing most, Mr. Speaker? If you look at those folks who are in this almost 20 million pool, 45 percent of them are age 35 or younger. I don’t fall under the age category of 35 and under, Mr. Speaker, but I can tell you that folks who are 35 and under cost less to take care of than folks who are my age bracket and older. So if you are going to try to craft a national insurance system, you need these people who are 35 and under to be involved— enthusiastically involved. Rather than getting involved with the choices and with the subsidies to get the access, 20 million Americans have said: It is not for me. I will pay the fine instead. Most of them young people. If we can’t agree that that is a failure, Mr. Speaker, if we can’t agree that the system can’t stand in that way, we are going to have a tough time finding a solution. What you heard so often today about the solution that is being proposed in this body is that older Americans are getting the toughest end of the deal. There is a little truth to that, Mr. Speaker. What the Affordable Care Act did is it said you have young, healthy people; you have older people who are likely to be sicker. The law of the land at the time was that the cost spread between the youngest and the oldest could be 500 percent, 5 times more for the oldest, highest risk people than the youngest, lowest risk people. Sure, it is insurance, right? Older cars, different pricing than newer cars. Houses with sprinkler systems, different prices than houses without sprinkler systems. It is just actuarial experience. But the Affordable Care Act says we are going to compress that from one to five, a 500 percent spread, down to one to three, a 300 percent spread. What that did was lower rates below the actuarial experience for older Americans—that was great for older Americans—and, at the same time, raise rates for younger Americans, which forced all the younger Americans out of the marketplace, which then raised rates for all Americans. I will quote from GraceMarie Turner. She is the president of the Galen Institute. She testified in front of the Committee on the Budget this year on 
this issue. She said this, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘ . . . young people purchasing individual policies in or out of the exchanges are required to pay much more for their policies than their actuariallyexpected costs because of the law’s required 3:1 age rating band. Forcing the young to pay more drives costs up for everyone. ‘‘The average 64yearold consumes six times as much health care, in dollar value, as the average 21yearold.’’ b2130 Insurance is about experience. There is a 1 in 100 chance of something bad happening to you, you pay 1 onehundredth of the price of that bad episode, 100 of you get in the pool together, you share the risk. Actuarially, a 64yearold consumes six times more health care than a young person. But we compressed that to three times in terms of the billing. Dr. Turner goes on to say this: ‘‘Under the ACA’s agerating requirements, insurers cannot charge their oldest policyholders more than three times the price they charge their youngest customers.’’ If every customer were to remain in the insurance market, this would have the net effect of increasing premiums for 21yearolds by 75 percent, and reducing them for 64yearolds by 13 percent. Now, think about this. This is the system that we have created. If you can get the young people to stay in the system—which you cannot—the young people are paying rates 75 percent higher than they should so that older Americans can pay premiums 13 percent lower than they should. But we are losing all the young people because 77 percent is forcing these folks out. They are not dumb folks. They are making good choices about their own selfinterests. If their insurance prices are too high, they reject the insurance. An individual in my district, Mr. Speaker, from Buford, Georgia, wrote to me and said: ROB, I am a fulltime student with a parttime job that doesn’t offer health or dental insurance. I can’t get health insurance through my parents because they are on Medicare. I shop for health plans, but most are out of my budget. I shouldn’t have to pay a fine if a healthcare plan is not in my budget. There should be alternatives to this plan. Please help. Say young people don’t want insurance. I don’t believe that is true. I do think young people believe they are going to live forever and they are never going to get sick. But they do worry about that rainy day, forbid the thought, should something bad happen. But you can’t buy a policy you can’t afford, and we have priced these young people out of the marketplace. When we price young people out of the marketplace, rates go up for everybody. When rates go up for everybody, more young people drop out of the marketplace. And that death spiral that Aetna’s CEO recognized, grows faster and faster. Which brings us to the solution that we are working on here together. I don’t know what you thought of President Trump when you first met him, Mr. Speaker. I don’t know what you thought of the campaign and how things were going to transpire in these first 60 days of a new administration. But I think a lot of folks in my district imagined the President as a takeitor leaveit kind of guy, mywayorthe highway kind of guy. I think you would agree with me that nothing could be further from the truth in our experience. This is what he tweeted out. As you know, that is our new method of communication here in Washington, D.C. This is what he tweeted out when this House dropped its healthcare bill. He said: ‘‘Our wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster—is imploding fast.’’ It is out for review and negotiation. And those weren’t just words, Mr. Speaker. You have seen it. You have seen it going on this week. You have seen it going on even to the eleventh hour. The President has never said: My way or the highway. He has brought people in from every end of the political spectrum to work with them on their ideas, to work to see what we could do more for children, more for the near elderly, more for families, how do we get the incentives in the right place. Day in and day out, 16, 17, 20 hours a day, the President has been working to make this better. I could not feel better about the process. I don’t believe any particular party has a monopoly on good ideas. I don’t believe any particular Member has a monopoly on good ideas. I believe we work best when we work collaboratively. And I am so proud of our President for embracing exactly that— the art of a deal. Mr. Speaker, there are four main parts of our replacement plan, four main parts. Number one, Medicaid reforms to allow States the freedom to run their own Medicaid programs. I serve on the Rules Committee with LIZCHENEY from Wyoming. I promise you, the rural nature in the lowpopulation area of Wyoming means she needs a very different Medicaid program than the highdensity, highpopulation area of metro Atlanta that I serve. So often, the State programs dictated by the Federal Government lock States in to a onesizefitsall solution. Or the States can come begging to Washington, D.C., for an exception or an exemption or a waiver. You shouldn’t have to come beg Washington, D.C., to best serve your constituents, Mr. Speaker. We give folks the flexibility to run these Statebased programs to serve the most vulnerable of State populations. Number two, a patient and State stability fund. Mr. Speaker, the challenge at any insurance pool is what do you do with the sickest of the individuals in that pool. If I buy insurance today and I am not yet sick, well, now I am in the insurance pool and I am paying for whatever my actuarial risk is. But forbid the thought if somebody has already gotten sick, they have been fighting illness their entire life, they are trying to run their small business, and they show up to buy a new insurance policy, they have struggled mightily throughout my lifetime to get access to coverage. Now, in 1996, President Bill Clinton and Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, right here on this very floor of the House, passed a bill that abolished preexisting conditions for every federally regulated plan. Those are the plans that the big companies use, like CocaCola, Home Depot, or Walmart. All of those plans, those big employer based plans, the Federal Government abolished preexisting conditions in those plans decades ago. But States have moved a little bit slower. And the mechanism that many States are trying to use as highrisk pools to say that when folks find themselves ailing and trying to find insurance for the first time, perhaps they need a different kind of medical home, perhaps they need a different incentivize to get into the insurance pool. These highrisk pools are funded in order to make insurance available, accessible, and affordable for folks who have preexisting conditions and are outside the insurance pool today. We have got to get them on the inside. We provide money to do that. Personal tax credits, Mr. Speaker. Refundable, advanceable personal tax credits. What we say in this bill is, you don’t have to pick a plan off of an ObamaCare exchange that isn’t right for you and your family. You don’t have to wait for the government to approve what your choices are. You can pick any plan, anywhere that serves your needs that you believe is best for your family. And if you are a middle income or lowincome American, we will help you defray the cost of that insurance policy. Now, everybody has got skin in the game. There is no free lunch here, Mr. Speaker. Everybody has to have skin in the game. We are putting people in charge of their own choices. But if you are a 63yearold couple and your kids have left the house, we ask: Do you need to buy a policy that covers maternity care? Is it important to you that you have a policy that covers pediatric care? Or, because you are in that older American status, you are in that age bracket where the actuaries say you are likely to consume six times more health care dollarwise than young people do should you be able to pick and choose those benefits so that you get the policy that provides the best value for you and your family. These personal tax credits go to the individual, so the individual can make choices about what is best for them. 
And it creates health savings accounts. Oh, Mr. Speaker, I did not understand the economics of health care until I got my first medical savings account. I thought health care costs $50 a visit, because that is what my copay was. When I got my first medical savings account, my insurer sent me a list. And they said: ROB, if you want to go to the doctor for a CT scan, you can go to this one down the road that charges $200, or you can go to this one down the road that charges $2,000. You just do whatever you think is best. I went and looked last night, Mr. Speaker. If you want to go in for a CT scan in Washington, D.C.—we have fabulous hospitals here—you can go to George Washington University right down the street here in Foggy Bottom, and if you have a United plan, the cost is going to be $1,500 for your CT scan. If instead of driving west to George Washington University, you drive north to Howard University, you can go to Howard University hospital and get the same CT scan for $200. Mr. Speaker, I can’t bring down health insurance costs unless I bring down healthcare costs. And I can’t bring down healthcare costs unless we have transparency in healthcare pricing so that you and I and 300 million Americans become more active consumers of these products. Health savings accounts give us that opportunity. But I can’t solve all of our healthcare problems in one bill. And shame on this Congress for having created the expectations across a decade of stuffing giant bills through this body at one time, that we have come to set expectations that we can do everything for everybody in a single bill. We can’t. And even if we could, we shouldn’t. Taking issues one at a time leads to better legislating. So we have a threephase approach here, Mr. Speaker. First, we are going to pass the American Health Care Act, which repeals the Affordable Care Act taxes and penalties, it replaces the mandates with policies that will stabilize markets and increase individual choices. We are going to do that tomorrow morning. Then comes the administrative action: What can we do through the White House? You will remember when they passed the Affordable Care Act, they delegated much of that authority to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Today, that Secretary is my good friend from across the river in Georgia, Dr. Tom Price. So the second phase is for Dr. Tom Price to grab ahold of those dials that he has at Health and Human Services and make those changes that will encourage choice and lower prices, stabilize markets. And then third, we are going to come back to this body, back to this floor, back to the United States Senate and pass standalone legislation that authorizes association health plans, that promotes competition in insurance, that deals with the IPAB repeal, and on and on. In fact, we have begun that this week, Mr. Speaker. There are two legislative processes. There is the process where you can pass something in the Senate with 51 votes. That is called reconciliation. And there is the process where you have to deal with the filibuster in the Senate. That is for everything else. Mr. Speaker, right now, we are still getting the rust out of the gears here in this body. There are lots of new Members here. We have got a chance to pass a bill tomorrow morning that can move through the Senate with 51 votes. But then we are going to be back. Like I say, we have started this week. We have already passed, in a bipartisan way, legislation to increase competition in the insurance market and legislation to allow small businesses to band together so that they can provide better plans at lower costs to their constituents. Mr. Speaker, there is some suggestion that fixing a failing ObamaCare, an ObamaCare that is in a death spiral, is somehow a partisan issue. Again, as I began, I said there are folks on the Republican side who sometimes say nothing good ever happened in ObamaCare and folks on the Democratic side who sometimes say nothing bad ever happened. But the truth is, 20 different times, this Republicancontrolled House passed bills that President Obama signed into law to fix problems in the Affordable Care Act—20 different times. One of the first bills I voted on when I came to Congress was one of those bills. The President signed it into law. The Affordable Care Act—I don’t need to go through the whole history with you, Mr. Speaker. You remember. It was jammed through the Senate on Christmas Eve. It moved through the House on a Sunday night at midnight with no amendments and no changes. It was not ready for prime time. It needed these fixes. And even with these fixes, the death spiral continues. But we needn’t say to one another that collaborating to solve a failing ObamaCare system is anathema to what anyone believes. We have done it not once, not twice, but 20 times during the Obama Presidency alone. Mr. Speaker, I will close with this tonight. It is a Kaiser Family Foundation study. They went to folks who have policies in the Affordable Care Act exchange system, and they said: Are you better off today than you were before the passage of the Affordable Care Act? Again, these are folks who have enrolled in the Affordable Care Act. What they found is it is about 50/50. It is just this small red and green sliver, Mr. Speaker, of the entire healthcare market in this country, just this small sliver that enrolled in the Affordable Care Act. Again, almost twice as many people rejected the Affordable Care Act, are paying penalties to the IRS, and are staying out of the system as got into the system. But of those people who got into the system, about 80 percent of which are receiving Federal subsidies to stay in the system, only about half said that they are better off today than they were before. That is $1 trillion that we have spent—borrowed from our children and spent—to reform health care for 300 million Americans even though most Americans valued the plan they had, created a system where more Americans opted out and decided to pay a penalty than agreed to take the free health care that was being offered. And of those who agreed to take the health care, more than half of them believe things were better before. b2145 Mr. Speaker, I will stipulate, if it is valuable, that folks who passed the Affordable Care Act before you and I got here were trying to do the best they could to serve their constituency the best they know how, but it didn’t work. Insurers are leaving the plan. Families are losing their policies. Premiums are skyrocketing double and even triple digits annually. We can do better. We can do better, and we have an opportunity to start that process tomorrow. I regret that even the word ‘‘ObamaCare’’ has become so toxic that it divides people even upon its mention. But families are being caught in that divide. Families are being caught in the political crossfire as we discuss this. The President has said: Send me a bill because I want to put a stop to that uncertainty. I want to put a stop to that insecurity. I want to put the American healthcare system back on track. We can do it together tomorrow. America needs us to do it together tomorrow, and I hope that we will. Mr. Speaker, thank you so much for agreeing to be here with me during this time tonight, and thank you for agreeing to keep my friend Jon Richards in your prayers as you lay your head down this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1228. An act to provide for the appointment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 305. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the 
flag of the United States on National Vietnam War Veterans Day. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, March 24, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
890. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in SingleEmployer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated SingleEmployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 891. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fans [Docket No.: EERE2012BTSTD 0045](RIN: 1904AD28) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 892. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Walkin Coolers and Walkin Freezers [Docket No.: EERE2014BTTP 0054] (RIN: 1904AD72) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 893. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps [Docket No.: EERE2016BTTP 0029] (RIN: 1904AD71) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 894. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Compressors [Docket No.: EERE2014BTTP0054] (RIN: 1904AD43) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 895. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Efficiency Standards for the Design and Construction of New Federal LowRise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update [EERE2016BTSTD0003] (RIN: 1904 AD56) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 896. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarification of When Products Made or Derived From Tobacco Are Regulated as Drugs, Devices, or Combination Products; Amendments to Regulations Regarding ‘‘Intended Uses’’; Further Delayed Effective Date; Request for Comments [Docket No.: FDA2015 N2002] (RIN: 0910AH19) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 897. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Biosimilar User Fee Act Financial Report, pursuant to the Biosimilar User Fee Act of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 898. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Generic Drug User Fee Amendments Financial Report, pursuant to the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 899. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Prescription Drug User Fee Act Financial Report, pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act of 1992 as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 900. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 Prescription Drug User Fee Performance Report, pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 901. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s 2016 Medical Device User Fee Amendments Financial Report, pursuant to the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 902. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Fatty Acids, MontanWax, Ethoxylated; Tolerance Exemption [EPA HQOPP20160337; FRL995810] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 903. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Cyantraniliprole; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20140357; FRL995853] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 904. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Cloquintocetmexyl; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20160299; FRL 995911] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 905. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Aspergillus flavus AF36; Amendment to an Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQOPP20160566; FRL 995992] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 906. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Isoamyl acetate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA HQOPP20160378; FRL995602] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 907. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Octadecanoic acid, 12hydroxy, homopolymer, ester with a, a’,a‘‘1,2,3 propanetriyltris[whydroxypoly(oxy1,2 ethanediyl)]; Tolerance Exemption [EPAHQ OPP20160617; FRL995897] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 908. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Polyglycerol polyricinoleate; Tolerance Exemption [EPAHQOPP2016 0606; FRL995912] received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 909. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Efficiency Standards for the Design and Construction of New Federal LowRise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update [Docket No.: EERE2016 BTSTD0003] (RIN: 1904AD56) received March 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 910. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on U.S. support for Taiwan’s participation as an Observer at the 69th World Health Assembly and in the work of the World Health Organization, as provided in the Act to Address the Participation of Taiwan in the World Health Organization (P.L. 108235), Sec. 1(c), pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 290 note; Public Law 108235, Sec. 1(c); (118 Stat. 658); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 911. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notification of a qualifying export to Australia of defense articles and defense services, pursuant to Article 12(3) of the Treaty Between The Government of The United States of America and the Government of Australia Concerning Defense Trade Cooperation, and Sec. 126.16(o) of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 912. A letter from the Associate General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, transmitting a notification of a nomination and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 913. A letter from the Board Secretary, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 1282. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish Acquisition Review Boards in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–57). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for herself and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 1693. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to add reporting requirements for certain small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. C OMER , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. ISSA): H.R. 1694. A bill to require additional entities to be subject to the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B IGGS, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OWDY , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. MARINO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. ROBY, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. SMITH of Texas): H.R. 1695. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. KIND): H.R. 1696. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for S corporation reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. S HERMAN): H.R. 1697. A bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to direct the ExportImport Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. M CCARTHY , and Mr. HOYER ): H.R. 1698. A bill to expand sanctions against Iran with respect to the ballistic missile program of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Ms. SINEMA , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 1699. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a highcost mortgage, to amend the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. BACON ): H.R. 1700. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize the SCORE program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. JONES , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. OLSON , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina): H.R. 1701. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mrs. RADEWAGEN ): H.R. 1702. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the small business development centers program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 1703. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to determining the intended use of drugs and devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 1704. A bill to improve patient access to health care services and provide improved medical care by reducing the excessive burden the liability system places on the health care delivery system; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. COLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 1705. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the provisions governing employment of nonimmigrants under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) of that Act to prevent the transfer of knowledge from United States workers for the purpose of facilitating their jobs being moved abroad; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Mr. PASCRELL ): H.R. 1706. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to provide grants for education programs on the history of the treatment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Mr. PASCRELL ): H.R. 1707. A bill to apologize for the treatment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 1708. A bill to prohibit the sale of a firearm to, and the purchase of a firearm by, a person who is not covered by appropriate liability insurance coverage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 1709. A bill to amend title 1, United States Code, to provide for a definition of the term ‘‘State’’ and to include territories therein, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. REED): H.R. 1710. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make education affordable and accessible; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. E VANS , Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 1711. A bill to require the disclosure of certain visitor access records; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. ROBY (for herself, Ms. TITUS, Mr. WALZ, and Mr. Z ELDIN ): H.R. 1712. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant program to improve the monitoring of mental health and substance abuse treatment programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. PALMER , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK ): H.R. 1713. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to terminate the essential air service program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 1714. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for the inclusion of unmarried women in the criteria for awarding a grant to a women’s business center; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 1715. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. SOTO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 1716. A bill to prohibit any hiring freeze from affecting the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. CRAMER ): H.R. 1717. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise the amount of minimum allotments under the Projects for Assistance in Transition from Homelessness Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.J. Res. 91. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States regarding presidential election voting rights for residents of all United States territories and commonwealths; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: H. Con. Res. 39. Concurrent resolution recognizing and commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands of the United States becoming a part of the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. MOONEY  of West Virginia, Mr. JONES , Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. CRAMER , and Mr. G IBBS): H. Con. Res. 40. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that all direct and indirect subsidies that benefit the production or export of sugar by all major sugar producing and consuming countries should be eliminated; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, and Mr. P EARCE ): H. Res. 222. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 5, 2017, as ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. MARINO , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. BERA): H. Res. 223. A resolution calling on the People’s Republic of China (PRC) to cease its retaliatory measures against the Republic of Korea in response to the deployment of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) to U.S. Forces Korea (USFK), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H. Res. 224. A resolution recognizing the 150th Anniversary of Howard University and its contributions to the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KILDEE: H. Res. 225. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives on Trumpcare, also known as the American Health Care Act of 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. CONYERS ): H. Res. 226. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding United States efforts to promote Israeli Palestinian peace; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. PLASKETT: H. Res. 227. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to permit Delegates and the Resident Commissioner to the Congress to cast votes in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union; to the Committee on Rules. f 
14. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Alaska, relative to Senate Resolution No. 4, Supporting the Alaska Congressional delegation in protecting the state’s right to manage wildlife within its borders; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 1693. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 1694. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 1695. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 1696. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 1697. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 1698. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1699. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: (According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.) By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 1700. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution of the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 1701. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 1702. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 1703. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 1704. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constituion. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 1705. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 1706. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 1707. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1708. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 1709. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 1710. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 1711. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 1712. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article 5 of the United States Constitution, seen below, this legislation falls within Congress’s Constitutional Authority: Article 5: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its 
Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.’’ By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 1713. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 1714. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 1715. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 1716. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 1717. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.J. Res. 91. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 83: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 103: Mr. CORREA and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 354: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 367: Mr. LOUDERMILK and Mr. R USSELL. H.R. 392: Ms. BASSand Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 400: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 408: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 442: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 534: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 553: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 564: Mr. BACON , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 644: Mr. WALKER and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 696: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 721: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 747: Mr. LATTA and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 754: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 757: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia. H.R. 771: Mr. RASKIN and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 778: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 781: Mr. BABIN and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 795: Mr. FASO, Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 800: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 820: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 849: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 866: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 901: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 918: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 947: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 959: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 966: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 997: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 1002: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1005: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1022: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 1038: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 1054: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1058: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 1089: Ms. NORTON and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1112: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1116: Mr. BISHOP of Utah and Mr. BACON . H.R. 1130: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1136: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 1155: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1196: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 1203: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 1205: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. BARR, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1231: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 1236: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 1267: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1299: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 1304: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 1318: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. H ECK, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali fornia, and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1346: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 1358: Mr. LEVIN, Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, and Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 1361: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 1384: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1393: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 1456: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. C LAY, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. KILDEE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. G ALLEGO , H.R. 1457: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 1516: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1528: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 1540: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. Rouzer. H.R. 1566: Ms. DELBENEand Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 1611: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 1612: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. R USH, and Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1626: Mr. ISSAand Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 1664: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor gia, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1671: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 1672: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 1674: Mr. COURTNEY , and Mr. H IMES. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. HILL. H.J. Res. 2: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. TURNER . H.J. Res. 17: Mr. ALLEN . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. WALZand Mr. K IND. H. Res. 28: Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. H IMES, Mr. HASTINGS , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H. Res. 172: Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H. Res. 184: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. SOTO, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. BEYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H. Res. 186: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Res. 188: Mr. DIAZBALART and Ms. J ACKSONLEE. H. Res. 217: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H. Res. 220: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. C A´RDENAS . f 
31. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City Council of Broken Arrow, OK, relative to Resolution 992, urging all United States Senators to Reintroduce the Marketplace Fairness/Digital Parity Act into the United States Senate during its 2017 session; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1941 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 2017 No. 51 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 