Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, Hoosiers don’t like ObamaCare, and they have worked hard for 6 years to stop it: electing a Republican House majority, a Republican Senate majority, and, eventually, President Trump, all on the promise to repeal and replace this failed law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR7.000 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2448 March 27, 2017 
That is what has made last week’s failure to vote in the House so dis-heartening. It is inside baseball, poli-tics as usual, and it is not okay. It is not okay to the millions of fami-lies facing soaring premiums and worse health care under ObamaCare, and it shouldn’t be okay to any of us. We can-not walk away now without even a vote with so much at stake. This debate has gotten really com-plicated, but to me, it is really simple. We need to do what we said we would do: keep our promise to the American people, and repeal this failed law with something better. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 5 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1701 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 5 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1117) to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to submit a report re-garding certain plans regarding assist-ance to applicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or dis-aster, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1117 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ACTION PLAN TO IMPROVE FIELD TRANSITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) shall report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate regarding the plans the agency will undertake to provide the following: (1) Consistent guidance to applicants on FEMA disaster funding procedures during the response to an emergency or disaster. (2) Appropriate record maintenance and transfer of documents to new teams during staff transitions. (3) Accurate assistance to applicants and grantees to ease the administrative burden throughout the process of obtaining and moni-toring assistance. (b) MAINTAINING RECORDS .—The report shall also include a plan for implementing operating procedures and document retention require-ments to ensure the maintenance of appropriate records throughout the lifecycle of the emer-gency or disaster. (c) N
EWTECHNOLOGIES .—Finally, the report shall identify new technologies that further aid the disaster workforce in partnering with State, local, and tribal governments and private non-profits in the wake of a disaster or emergency to educate, assist, and inform applicants on the status of their emergency or disaster assistance applications and projects. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1117, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I have seen firsthand in my district how disasters devastate communities and their citizens. In the aftermath of these disasters, while fac-ing the devastation and the daunting task of recovery, many communities encounter even more challenges caused by FEMA, which has been sent there to help. I continue to hear from my col-leagues in Congress about conflicting guidance received from FEMA officials, who constantly change on the ground. I have heard stories of lost documents, lengthy delays, and huge administra-tive burdens placed on communities doing their best to recover from disas-ters. And in the worst cases, the guid-ance provided by FEMA results in the community losing disaster assistance. Unfortunately, in Missouri, they have faced many of these challenges following floods in August 2013. Con-gresswoman H
ARTZLER has taken the lead to push FEMA to fix these issues by introducing this bill. I am proud that we are moving H.R. 1117. One of my focuses as chair of the sub-committee is how we can make dis-aster assistance programs more effec-tive and efficient and ensure the wise investment of taxpayer dollars. H.R. 1117 will certainly help us do that. This legislation helps communities struggling to recover from disasters by improving transparency, consistency, and communication with FEMA. It also requires FEMA to leverage tech-nologies to ease the administrative burden on local governments for main-taining documents, applying for assist-ance, and providing information to FEMA to speed recovery. The House adopted similar language last year when it passed the FEMA Disaster As-sistance Reform Act. Again, I commend the gentlewoman from Missouri for introducing this bill to ensure that those impacted by disas-ters are receiving accurate, up-to-date information about their assistance and the status of recovery. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1117 to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report on how it will improve field staff transition. As the gentleman from Pennsylvania has explained, there has been a good deal of confusion with high turnover, repetitive and lost paperwork, and in-consistent guidance. FEMA has implemented several new technologies to manage its full-time employees, but they have not made similar efforts for field and temporary disaster response personnel. It is time for FEMA to do so. This bill requires FEMA to submit a report on how it plans to address the disaster workforce issues, their con-tinuing inconsistent guidance, and keeping appropriate records. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask all of my colleagues for their support of H.R. 1117, the FEMA Relief Improvement Act, which will re-quire the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, or FEMA, to refocus their efforts on the core of their mis-sion, which is helping people recover from grave loss in the aftermath of a natural disaster. In August of 2013, as the chairman and the ranking member mentioned, the southern portion of my district ex-perienced a major disaster involving heavy flooding which devastated infra-structure, and it caused significant hardship for many of my constituents. Unfortunately, the Federal recovery efforts to this devastated region added insult to injury. Local officials dealt with multiple uncoordinated teams conducting duplicative site visits due to lost paperwork, inconsistent mes-sages between various survey and eval-uation teams, and unnecessarily long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.004 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2449 March 27, 2017 
delays in recovery and reimbursement. Such a response to any disaster is un-acceptable, and change is necessary. As I work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I have learned that these issues are not unique to cen-tral Missouri. I have worked diligently with Chairman B
ARLETTA in crafting this bill to call attention to and to rec-tify FEMA’s shortcomings. This legislation is designed to ad-dress the deficiencies of the FEMA re-sponse to the 2013 flooding in my dis-trict to ensure future disaster recov-eries in Missouri and elsewhere are as painless and efficient as possible. Specifically, this bill requires FEMA to create an action plan to address in-consistent guidance, to establish ap-propriate recordkeeping procedures, and to improve overall assistance to local officials. Additionally, this simple bill directs FEMA to issue a forward-looking re-port to identify new technologies that could further aid the disaster work-force in partnering with private non-profits as well as State and local gov-ernments in the wake of a disaster or an emergency. FEMA processes need to be stream-lined and consistent in order to help those recovering from a disaster feel supported and assured relief will come in a timely, efficient manner. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to bring the certainty and the assurances of quick relief to all of our constituents because they deserve the best. I ask my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 1117, the FEMA Relief Improvement Act, which passed by voice vote out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in Feb-ruary. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairmen S
HUSTER and B ARLETTA and Ranking Members D
EFAZIO and J OHN-
SON, as well as their staffs, for working with me in this bipartisan, common-sense effort to make the people get the help and assistance they so desperately need in times of crisis. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 1117. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1117. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1117, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. DISASTER SIMPLIFIED ASSIST-ANCE VALUE ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1214) to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to conduct a program to use simplified procedures to issue public assistance for certain projects under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1214 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Disaster Simplified Assistance Value Enhancement Act’’ or the ‘‘Disaster SAVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SIMPLIFIED PROCEDURE PROGRAM. 
(a) T HRESHOLD .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall immediately establish the threshold for eligibility pursuant to section 422(b)(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189(b)(2)) at $500,000. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2021, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report con-taining the results of a comprehensive re-view of the program conducted under section 422 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189), as modified by this section, to include an assessment of cost-effectiveness, speed of recovery, capacity of the grantees, past per-formance, and accountability measures. (c) S
UNSET .—This Act shall expire on Sep-tember 30, 2021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1214, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the purpose of H.R. 1214, the Disaster SAVE Act, is to speed up small disaster reconstruction projects and lower their costs by removing red tape. One of my biggest priorities since be-coming chairman of the subcommittee has been reducing disaster costs and losses and reducing disaster risks. I was mayor for 11 years, and I saw so many friends’ and neighbors’ busi-nesses and communities impacted by disasters. One of the things I hear most often from my colleagues in Congress is frus-tration about inconsistent guidance from FEMA and funding take backs, even when there is no evidence of mis-use. If you have ever had a big disaster in your district, you know exactly what I am talking about. In my district, FEMA reversed its prior approval and has been fighting for years with the local government over whether or not they should have paved a temporary access road that was built after a major flood. The cost of the gravel road was $230,000. The extra cost to pave it, which the com-munity covered with its own funds, was about $50,000. The amount of money FEMA has wasted in salaries, administration, and legal fees trying to take back the $230,000 likely exceeds the entire project cost. This is red tape out of control, and it doesn’t serve the tax-payers well. We know there is a better way to manage these projects. Under current law, FEMA runs projects under $130,000 in a manner similar to an insurance settlement. FEMA reviews the damage, makes a cost estimate, and issues a repair grant. The local government is respon-sible for managing the grant on time and on budget. In exchange, they have greater flexi-bility in how they bill back, and they can enhance a project with their own funds. This approach dramatically cuts administrative costs, rebuilds infra-structure faster, eliminates the cost overruns for Federal taxpayers, and gives local governments the flexibility to rebuild in a way that best meets their needs. The success of FEMA’s small project program is well proven thanks to the prior efforts of the Transportation Committee. The former chairman of the subcommittee, from California, worked diligently to give FEMA the flexibility to administratively increase the small project threshold, which fi-nally passed as part of the Hurricane Sandy supplemental package. H.R. 2114, the Disaster SAVE Act, will raise the current project cap for this program from $130,000 to $500,000 and help all of our constituents avoid the project nightmare my district is experiencing right now. This will speed up rebuilding efforts and reduce dis-aster recovery costs. b1715 The vast majority of FEMA’s rebuild-ing projects are less than $500,000, but FEMA continues to micromanage the administration of these projects at a tremendous cost in time and money. FEMA testified in 2015 that increasing this threshold would result in lower ad-ministrative costs, faster project com-pletions, and fewer deobligations. After 4 years, the program will sun-set and Congress will decide, based on outcomes, lessons learned, and stake-holder input, if the program should continue or not. The House adopted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.006 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2450 March 27, 2017 
similar language last year when it passed the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. FEMA provides public assistance funds after a disaster or emergency to State, tribal, and local governments and some private nonprofits. These funds reimburse communities and other entities for activities such as de-bris removal costs, emergency protec-tive measures, and the repair or re-placement of disaster-damaged facili-ties. Currently, for projects under—how-ever they chose that number—$122,100— I am surprised they didn’t add on 10 cents—reimburses grantees based on cost estimates rather than actual costs. This bill would require FEMA to increase this threshold to $500,000. This would be temporary authority, expir-ing on September 30, 2021. We would re-quire that this be closely tracked. There is a strong indication that this will actually expedite reimbursement, ultimately save funds, and will not subject these projects to abuse. I am hopeful that my colleagues will support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1214, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1214, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PACIFIC NORTHWEST EARTH-QUAKE PREPAREDNESS ACT OF 2017 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 654) to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to carry out a plan for the pur-chase and installation of an earth-quake early warning system for the Cascadia Subduction Zone, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 654 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; DEFINITION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pacific Northwest Earthquake Prepared-ness Act of 2017’’. (b) C
ASCADIA SUBDUCTION ZONEDEFINED .—In this Act, the term ‘‘Cascadia Subduction Zone’’ means the landward-dipping fault that is ap-proximately 684 miles long, separates the Juan de Fuca and North America plates, and stretches along a portion of the western coast of the United States beginning off Cape Mendocino, California, along the State of Or-egon, the State of Washington, to Northern Vancouver Island, British Columbia. SEC. 2. EARTHQUAKE EARLY WARNING SYSTEM FOR CASCADIA SUBDUCTION ZONE. 
(a) P LAN FOR PURCHASE AND INSTALLATION .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT AND FUNDING .—The Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall— (A) develop a plan for the purchase and in-stallation of an earthquake early warning sys-tem for the Cascadia Subduction Zone; and (B) identify the funds necessary for implemen-tation of the plan. (2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a copy of the plan. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that summarizes the actions taken to implement the plan. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate. (2) E
ARTHQUAKE EARLY WARNING SYSTEM .— The term ‘‘earthquake early warning system’’ includes— (A) improvements to regional and geodetic networks that support building a capability for an earthquake early warning system; and (B) seismometers, Global Positioning System receivers, and associated infrastructure. 
SEC. 3. EARTHQUAKE AND TSUNAMI TASK FORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall estab-lish an Earthquake and Tsunami Task Force for the purpose of developing a comprehensive strategy and recommendations on how the Na-tion should prepare and plan for, mitigate against, respond to, recover from, and more suc-cessfully adapt to a covered event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone. (b) T
ASKFORCE.— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the Task Force shall include a cross section of sub-ject matter experts representing the following: (A) Relevant Federal agencies. (B) The States of Oregon, Washington, and California. (C) Indian tribes, local governments, and pri-vate sector representatives that may be impacted by a covered event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone. (D) Universities, academia, and research insti-tutions with expertise in topics relevant to the work of the Task Force. (2) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Administrator (or the Administrator’s designee) shall serve as the chairperson of the Task Force. (3) D
ETAILED EMPLOYEES .—Members of the Task Force may detail employees to assist the Administrator (or the Administrator’s designee) in fulfilling the responsibilities of the Task Force. (c) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY .— (1) S
TRATEGY .—The comprehensive strategy to be developed under subsection (a) shall include the following: (A) A description of how Federal agencies will coordinate to develop the ability to prepare and plan for, mitigate against, respond to, recover from, and more successfully adapt to the im-pacts of a covered event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone. (B) A strategy to ensure collaboration between the Department of Transportation, the Depart-ment of Energy, the Coast Guard, the Corps of Engineers, and other Federal agencies, as ap-propriate, for purposes of— (i) completing a needs assessment of Federal facilities in need of hardening for a covered event; and (ii) developing a strategic plan to mitigate and retrofit Federal, State, tribal, and local critical assets for freight, energy, and transit purposes to withstand a covered event and to help save lives during and immediately after a covered event. (C) A strategy— (i) to assist State, tribal, and local govern-ments in developing and implementing a coordi-nated and comprehensive plan to prioritize Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and private investments and activities to develop the ability to prepare and plan for, mitigate against, respond to, re-cover from, and more successfully adapt to the impacts of a covered event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone; and (ii) to link any existing statewide mitigation plan with such a coordinated and comprehen-sive plan. (D) With respect to the strategy described in subparagraph (C), an examination of the feasi-bility of the public sector, the private sector, and individuals to acquire earthquake insur-ance. (E) An identification of funding opportunities to implement the comprehensive strategy and any recommendations made by the Task Force, including— (i) existing funding opportunities across Fed-eral agencies and other sources; and (ii) potential new funding opportunities. (F) An identification of barriers to obtaining funding for the implementation of the com-prehensive strategy and recommendations on how to remove the barriers. (G) A strategy for appropriate Federal agen-cies to collaborate with and assist State, tribal, and local governments in developing rec-ommendations for cost-effective mitigation alter-natives for aging State, tribal, and locally owned critical infrastructure. (H) A strategy for assisting State, tribal, and local governments in developing a recovery plan prior to a covered event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone that addresses how State, trib-al, and local governments may want to rebuild after the event. (I) An identification of the steps taken to date to develop an onshore and offshore earthquake early warning system and a description of the purpose and scope of such a system. (J) An evaluation of the types of offshore earthquake early warning systems and rec-ommendations and a cost estimate for an earth-quake early warning system appropriate for the Cascadia Subduction Zone. (K) Recommendations on how an earthquake early warning system should operate, including whether and how the system should interface with the private sector. (L) A description of appropriate roles and re-sponsibilities for Federal, State, local, and tribal governments, including who should operate and maintain an earthquake early warning system, the cost of the system, and possible funding sources for the system. (M) A plan on how to integrate an earthquake early warning system into existing and new public alert warning systems and technologies, including mobile systems. (2) USE OF EXISTING PLANS .—In developing the comprehensive strategy, the Task Force may use existing plans, studies, and other resources. (d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The recommenda-tions to be developed by the Task Force under subsection (a) shall include recommendations on— (1) potential administrative or legislative changes required to implement the comprehen-sive strategy; (2) the funding required to implement the com-prehensive strategy and the recommendations; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.010 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2451 March 27, 2017 
(3) the order of priority for implementation of the comprehensive strategy. (e) N
ATIONAL ACADEMIES .— (1) C
OLLABORATION .—The Task Force shall work simultaneously and collaboratively with the National Academies. (2) A
GREEMENT .—The Task Force shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies under which the National Academies shall de-velop recommendations for a Federal research strategy to advance scientific understanding of a Cascadia Subduction Zone earthquake and re-sulting tsunami preparedness, including the fol-lowing: (A) Geologic conditions, ground motions, and tsunami hazards. (B) Implications of an effective automated early warning system. (C) Effects of mega-earthquake and tsunami events on the built and natural environment. (D) Social and behavioral factors for effective disaster preparedness and response. (E) Cost-effective mitigation alternatives for legacy and aging infrastructure. (F) Strategic planning for freight, energy, and transit network robustness. (G) Tools that help communities invest their resources for the greatest benefit. (H) Any other topics identified as necessary by the Task Force or the National Academies. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report of the Task Force that includes the following: (1) The comprehensive strategy to be devel-oped under subsection (a). (2) The recommendations to be developed under subsections (a), (d), and (e). (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. (2) C
OVERED EVENT .—The term ‘‘covered event’’ means an earthquake, tsunami, or com-bined earthquake and tsunami event. (3) T
ASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Federal interagency task force to be established under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL PREPARATION AND RESPONSE EFFORTS RELATING TO EARTH-QUAKES AND TSUNAMIS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall be responsible for the Nation’s efforts to reduce the loss of life and property, and to protect the Nation, from an earthquake, tsunami, or combined earthquake and tsunami event by developing the ability to prepare and plan for, mitigate against, respond to, recover from, and more successfully adapt to such an event. 
SEC. 5. ADDITIONAL HAZARD MITIGATION ACTIVI-TIES. 
Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE .—Recipients of haz-ard mitigation assistance provided under this section and section 203 may use the assistance to conduct activities to help reduce the risk of fu-ture damage, hardship, loss, or suffering in any area affected by earthquake hazards, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) improvements to regional seismic net-works in support of building a capability for earthquake early warning; ‘‘(2) improvements to geodetic networks in support of building a capability for earthquake early warning; and ‘‘(3) improvements to seismometers, Global Po-sitioning System receivers, and associated infra-structure in support of building a capability for earthquake early warning.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 654, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We know earthquakes pose one of the greatest natural hazards here in the United States. They strike without warning and result in potentially cata-strophic casualties and damage to buildings and infrastructure. The Pacific Northwest is at risk of severe earthquakes, tsunamis, and vol-canic eruptions. According to the ex-perts, a massive earthquake is coming to the area. We just don’t know when. Six years ago this month, a 9.0 earth-quake in Japan created a tsunami that killed over 15,000 people and caused a nuclear disaster. Earthquakes cannot be prevented, but their impacts on life, property, and the economy can be managed. FEMA is responsible for coordinating the Fed-eral response to a catastrophic earth-quake, and has been diligently working to help States plan and prepare for an earthquake. Good planning and pre-paredness can save lives and property. H.R. 654, the Pacific Northwest Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2017, directs FEMA to plan the development of an earthquake early warning system for the Cascadia Subduction Zone. The bill also directs the President to estab-lish an earthquake and tsunami task force to develop a comprehensive strat-egy and recommendations on how to prepare and plan for seismic events. I want to commend the ranking member for his leadership on this crit-ical national issue. He has been an ad-vocate for his State and the Pacific Northwest, supporting preparedness and mitigation efforts and the develop-ment of a public West Coast earth-quake early warning system. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, March 27, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 654, the ‘‘Pacific Northwest Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2017,’’ which was reported by your Committee on March 9, 2017. H.R. 654 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. In order to ex-pedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual under-standing that doing so will in no way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of con-ferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would request that, in any final version of the legislation, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology be included as a re-cipient of the reports called for in Sections 2 and 3 of the bill. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, March 27, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 654, the Pacific North-west Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2017. I appreciate your willingness to expedite con-sideration of this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek to liti-gate its claim of jurisdictional interest in this bill. The Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure concurs with the mutual under-standing that by foregoing the litigation of its claim of jurisdictional interest in the bill at this time, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology does not waive any claim to jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill become necessary, I would work with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to litigate its juris-dictional claim and, if such a claim is estab-lished by the Parliamentarians, support your request to be represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration on the House floor. I look forward to work-ing with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the chairman for his kind words for the work I have been doing for a number of years on this issue. I traveled with the committee last year to Japan to see what lessons they learned from the horrible earthquake 6 years ago, in which more than 15,000 people perished. They did have in place a land-based and near-ocean early warning system, which gave them enough time to shut down the high- speed trains, get people out of ele-vators in buildings, shut down produc-tion lines, mitigating economic losses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR7.004 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2452 March 27, 2017 
and property damage. But, unfortu-nately, the system was not adequate to predict the height of the tsunami, and 15,000 people died. They are now deploying a realtime deep ocean system. It is time for the United States to emulate that. The Cascadia Subduction Zone, off the coast of northern California and Or-egon, has had at least a dozen massive earthquakes over the last 5,000 years. It is currently well overdue for an earthquake. If we had in place a deep ocean system near the southern end of that fault where they expect the major quake will start, it would give enough warning time for people on the coast of Oregon, and at least those a little fur-ther up the coast, to seek higher ground and not be inundated. It would provide more time in the valleys, and up in Portland and up in Seattle for transit systems to be shut down and people to take shelter. So this could save many lives. This bill directs FEMA to develop a plan to identify the necessary funds and the potential costs to purchase the equipment for an earthquake early warning system. It is basically off-the- shelf technology. It requires the President to establish an earthquake and tsunami task force. The task force will consist of rep-resentatives from potentially impacted areas, as well as earthquake and tsu-nami experts to develop comprehensive strategy recommendations on how the Nation should prepare for, mitigate against, respond to, recover from, and adapt to an earthquake, tsunami, or combined event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone. I strongly recommend this bill to my colleagues. We should learn from the disaster in Japan and take action here to save lives and property in the event of this quake in the Cascadia Subduction Zone. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 654, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 654, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVS , Washington, DC, March 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 27, 2017, at 2:41 p.m.: Appointments: Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Acad-emy. National Commission on Military, Na-tional, and Public Service. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 24 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1430, HONEST AND OPEN NEW EPA SCIENCE TREATMENT ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–60) on the resolution (H. Res. 229) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1430) to prohibit the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or re-producible, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 34, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–61) on the resolution (H. Res. 230) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 34) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commis-sion relating to ‘‘Protecting the Pri-vacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President shall immediately disclose his tax re-turn information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the U.S. Constitution for the express purpose of preventing fed-eral officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign State’’; Whereas, in Federalist No. 22 (Alex-ander Hamilton) it is said, ‘‘One of the weak sides of republics, among their numerous advantages, is that they af-ford too easy an inlet to foreign cor-ruption,’’ and; Whereas, the delegates to the Con-stitutional Convention specifically de-signed the Emoluments Clause as an antidote to potentially corrupting for-eign practices of a kind that the Fram-ers had observed during the period of the Confederation, and; Whereas, Article 1, section 9, clause 8 of the Constitution states: ‘‘no person holding any office of profit or trust . . . shall, without the consent of the Con-gress, accept of any present, Emolu-ment, Office, or Title of any kind what-ever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State’’, and; Whereas, in 2009, the Office of Legal Counsel clarified that corporations owned or controlled by foreign govern-ments presumptively qualify as foreign States under the foreign Emoluments Clause, and; Whereas, the word ‘‘emoluments’’ means profit, salary, fees, or compensa-tion which would include direct pay-ment, as well as other benefits, includ-ing extension of credit, forgiveness of debt, or the granting of rights of pecu-niary value, and; Whereas, according to The New York-er, in 2012, The Trump Organization en-tered into a deal with Ziya Mammadov to build the Trump Tower Baku in the notoriously corrupt country Azerbaijan in possible violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and, by profiting from business with the Mammadov family, due to their financial entangle-ments with the Iran Revolutionary Guard may have also violated the Emoluments Clause if income from this project continues to flow to The Trump Organization, and; Whereas, The Trump Organization has deals in Turkey, admitted by the President himself during a 2015 Brietbart interview, and when the President announced his travel ban, Turkey’s President called for President Trump’s name to be removed from Trump Towers Istanbul, according to The Wall Street Journal, and President Trump’s company is currently involved in major licensing deals for that prop-erty which may implicate the Emolu-ments Clause, and; Whereas, shortly after election, the President met with the former U.K. Independence Party leader, Nigel Farage, to get help to stop obstruc-tions of the view from one of his golf resorts in Scotland, and according to The New York Times, both of the re-sorts he owns there are promoted by Scotland’s official tourism agency, a benefit that may violate the Emolu-ments Clause, and; Whereas, at Trump Tower in New York, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China is a large tenant, ac-cording to Bloomberg; the United Arab Emirates leases space, according to the Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Author-ity; and the Saudi Mission to the U.N. makes annual payments, according to the New York Daily News, and money from these foreign countries goes to the President, and; Whereas, according to NPR, in Feb-ruary China gave provisional approval for 38 new trademarks for The Trump Organization, which have been sought for a decade to no avail, until Presi-dent Trump won the election. This is a benefit the Chinese Government gave to the President’s businesses in pos-sible violation of the Emoluments Clause, and; Whereas, the President is part owner of a New York building carrying a $950 million loan, partially held by the Bank of China, according to The New York Times, when owing the Govern-ment of China by the extension of loans and credits by a foreign State to an officer of the United States would violate the Emoluments Clause, and; Whereas, NPR reported that the Em-bassy of Kuwait held its 600 guest Na-tional Day celebration at Trump Hotel in Washington, D.C., last month, pro-ceeds to Trump, and; Whereas, according to The Wash-ington Post, the Trump International 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR7.005 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2454 March 27, 2017 
Hotel in Washington, D.C., has hired a ‘‘director of diplomatic sales’’ to gen-erate high-priced business among for-eign leaders and diplomatic delega-tions, and; Whereas, according to his 2016 can-didate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 fi-nancial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world, and; Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership stake in his businesses, and; Whereas, the Director of the non-partisan Office of Government Ethics said that the President’s plan to trans-fer his business holdings to a trust managed by family members is ‘‘mean-ingless’’ and ‘‘does not meet the stand-ards that . . . every President in the past four decades has met’’, and; Whereas, in the United States’ sys-tem of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the execu-tive branch of government to the high-est standard of transparency to ensure the public interest is placed first and the Constitution is adhered to, and; Whereas, the House Judiciary Com-mittee has the first responsibility among the committees of the House to see that elements of our Constitution are adhered to and, in furtherance of that responsibility, Judiciary Com-mittee members have historically uti-lized fact-finding and research prior to formal hearings, and; Whereas, tax returns provide an im-portant baseline disclosure because they contain highly instructive infor-mation including whether the filer paid taxes, what they own, what they have borrowed and from whom, whether they have made any charitable dona-tions, and whether they have taken ad-vantage of tax loopholes and that such information would be material to members of the Judiciary Committee as research is undertaken on whether President Trump is in violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitu-tion, and; Whereas, disclosure of the Presi-dent’s tax returns would be an effective means for the President to provide evi-dence either refuting or confirming claims of violations of the Emoluments Clause, and; Whereas, the President’s tax returns are likely to be essential as members of the Judiciary Committee work to re-search potential violations of the Emoluments Clause, and; Whereas, the chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, and Senate Fi-nance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under section 6103 of the Tax Code, and this power is an essential tool in learn-ing whether the President may be in violation of the Emoluments Clause, and; Whereas, questions involving con-stitutional functions and the House’s constitutionally granted powers have been recognized as valid questions of the privileges of the House. Resolved, that the House of Rep-resentatives shall: One, immediately request the tax re-turn information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2000 through 2015 for re-view by Congress, as part of a deter-mination as to whether the President is in violation of the Foreign Emolu-ments Clause of the U.S. Constitution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gentle-woman from California will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
PACIFIC NORTHWEST EARTH-QUAKE PREPAREDNESS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 654) to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to carry out a plan for the purchase and installation of an earthquake early warning system for the Cascadia Subduction Zone, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 395, nays 11, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 196] YEAS—395 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR7.006 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2455 March 27, 2017 
Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—11 
Amash Gaetz Garrett Gosar Hunter Jones Massie McSally Meadows Sanford Yoho 
NOT VOTING—23 
Aderholt Buchanan Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Duncan (SC) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Holding Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rush Ryan (OH) Simpson Slaughter Suozzi Titus Visclosky Wilson (FL) Yoder 
b1913 Mr. SANFORD changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CELEBRATING 25 YEARS OF THE FOOD TRUST (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as chairman of the Committee on Agriculture Sub-committee on Nutrition to honor The Food Trust on celebrating 25 years of helping improve food security in Penn-sylvania. The Food Trust is a nonprofit found-ed in 1992 in Philadelphia that works to develop a stable food supply in under-served communities, educate youth and family about healthy eating, and im-prove the connection between urban communities and regional farmers. A number of Food Trust programs have become national models that have expanded beyond Philadelphia to other regions in need of healthy food access and nutrition education. The Food Trust provides nutrition education for youth and adults in Philadelphia and the wider region, serving more than 70,000 lower-income individuals. It also increases access to nutritious food in underserved communities by operating a network of 22 farmers mar-kets in lower-income city neighbor-hoods, which accept SNAP benefits for the use of onsite wireless card readers. I commend The Food Trust for the fine work it does promoting food edu-cation and to ensure that no one goes hungry in America. Congratulations on 25 years. f 
CALLING FOR INDEPENDENT COM-MISSION TO INVESTIGATE AC-TIVITIES OF THE KREMLIN (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, as revelations of Russian inter-ference in our democracy continue to emerge, the need for a full and trans-parent investigation by an independent commission could not be more clear. The reason is simple: We need badly to restore trust in our government. Though the House and Senate Intel-ligence Committees have begun related inquiries, neither will have fully inves-tigated the activities of the Kremlin or its agents. Not a single member of the administration has testified under oath about their contacts with Moscow. The inherent politicization of these com-mittees has made it nearly impossible for any congressional body to render the nonpartisan, irrefutable answers the American people deserve. As a member of the House Oversight Committee, I echo Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN’s call that Congress ‘‘no longer has the credibility to handle this alone.’’ Now is the time for an inde-pendent commission to fully inves-tigate the ties between the Kremlin and the White House, along with Rus-sia’s broader interference in our de-mocracy. 
f 
VIETNAM VETERANS MEMORIAL (Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, 35 years ago yesterday, ground was bro-ken on the Vietnam Veterans Memo-rial. Today, there are 58,272 names list-ed on that memorial. We still have work to do. There are 1,615 names listed as MIA. As a Vietnam veteran, I want to call your attention to all of the men and women who served, the 2.7 million who served in Vietnam, a lot of whom are with us today, and a lot of those who will continue to celebrate the losses of our comrades. Please remember that we all served honorably at the request of our govern-ment, and we will continue to serve as long as the cause is just. 
f 
CALLING FOR INDEPENDENT COM-MISSION TO INVESTIGATE RUS-SIAN ATTACKS ON OUR DEMOC-RACY (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, courageous Russians took to the streets to protest the repressive Russian Government led by Vladimir Putin. All of our major newspapers re-port the stories of these brave souls. Their protests were met by brutal tactics of Putin’s Russia, which bludg-eons opposition, and, even worse, in the case of Denis Voronenkov, a former Russian member of parliament, who, on March 23, had spoken against Putin and Kremlin policies and was shot in broad daylight outside a hotel. Ukraine’s President Petro Poroshenko pointed the finger at Rus-sian authorities, calling the assassina-tion an act of state terrorism. Political assassinations are not new to Russia. Violent tactics are what we have come to expect from Putin’s Russia. As we follow the facts on the Trump administration’s ties to Russia, I urge my colleagues to think of the violence and assault on our democratic values that happen daily at the hands of Putin’s Russia. As we learned last week, this in-cludes Russia’s attacks on our democ-racy here at home. Congress must leave no stone unturned and get to the bottom of these shady connections through empowering an independent commission. America leads when it protects our basic values as the global champion for liberty and freedom throughout the world. f 
INF TREATY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, re-cently, U.S. officials stated that Russia deployed a fully operational cruise missile. This is a violation of the arms control treaty between the United States and Russia. The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty bans the U.S. and Russia from possessing, producing, or testing a ground-launched cruise missile with a range capability of 500 to 5,000 kilo-meters. We have suspected Russia of vio-lating the treaty in the past—for at least the last 10 years—but the last ad-ministration didn’t pay much atten-tion to it. He asked the State Depart-ment to gently ask the Russians to please come back into compliance, but that did not work. So last year, in the NDAA bill, Representative M
IKEROG-
ERS and I sanctioned Russia for INF violations for the first time. Now we have introduced H.R. 1182, preparing the United States to develop its own missiles. It is not in the United States’ national security interest to abide by a treaty when we are the only ones abiding by it. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
ABOUT GOVERNANCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the question we raise this evening is about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR7.010 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2456 March 27, 2017 
governance. In the debacle of last Fri-day, when the administration failed to carry forward on its promise to pass the worst healthcare bill in the history of the United States, the administra-tion offered a definition or an expla-nation: the ACA was exploding. It is not exploding. The CBO has indicated that the ACA needs improving, but it has insured some 20 million-plus people and protected children—unlike the ad-ministration’s bill, Mr. Trump’s bill which, in fact, would throw 24 million people off of health care and cut $880 billion. It is about governance. That is why it is important to have a full investigation of the Russian collu-sion of all of those who are involved in Mr. Trump’s campaign, and in his ad-ministration, including very close members of his senior staff. That is why we should have a full in-vestigation, which would include the Judiciary Committee. I demand that the classified documents that we have requested in a bipartisan letter should be given to the Judiciary Committee, and we should begin investigations on whether there are any questions of criminality. It is about governance, Mr. Speaker; and the House of Representatives must know the truth so the American people can know the truth. 
f 
STAND STRONG AGAINST PREJUDICE (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to make it very clear that the people’s House stands strong against prejudice. Since January, we have seen a dis-turbing rise in bomb threats and vio-lence targeted at Jewish Community Centers all over the country, including the Stroum Jewish Community Center in Mercer Island, Washington. Our Nation is better than this. Today I am joining one of the strongest lead-ers I know on this issue—Representa-tive K
USTOFF —in introducing the Com-bating Anti-Semitism Act. This bill is a direct response to the bad actors who are terrorizing our neighbors and friends. If you threaten someone because of who or how they worship, this bill en-sures you will be prosecuted for com-mitting a hate crime. No matter your background, your religion, your walk of life, you should be safe and free to worship without fear in this country. With this bill, we are supporting our Jewish communities all across the country, and I am proud to give it my full support. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO AMERICANS (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to take this oppor-tunity to congratulate the American people for what you did over the course of a few months since January, when you found out that your healthcare benefits were threatened by the TrumpCare repeal-and-replace at-tempt. Because you went out into the streets, because you marched, because you attended townhall meetings, and you made your feelings known about the fact that you wanted to save the Affordable Care Act, you were success-ful. You gave backbone to the mod-erate Republicans who stood up and said no to the Trump replacement. For that, I congratulate you, and I congratulate the American people. f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1695 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 1695. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE USS ‘‘OMAHA’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. B
ACON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commemorate the past and fu-ture of the United States Navy, the strongest and the best Navy in the world. On this day, March 27, President George Washington signed an ‘‘Act to Provide a Naval Armament’’ author-izing the construction of six frigates, which includes the USS Constitution, the world’s oldest commissioned naval vessel afloat. The passage of the Naval Act of 1794 was, in part, a response to threats to American merchant ships from the Barbary pirates in the Mediterranean. 223 years later, the men and women of the U.S. Navy continue to protecting the goods and information we trans-port via ships and undersea cables to our overseas trading partners. This includes securing the resources and services we import to fuel our in-dustries. Paraphrasing Admiral Jona-than Greenert: the mandate of the Navy in modern times is to be in the right place, at the right time, ready and able to respond. The 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review signed by then-Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel—may I add a Nebraskan— states that in order to support this mission, we need to ‘‘continue to build a future Fleet that is able to deliver the required presence and capabilities and address the most important warfighting scenarios.’’ In that light, I look forward to the commissioning of the USS Omaha this fall, and to congratulating the crew of the newest addition to the United States naval fleet. The USS Omaha, LCS–12, is an Inde-pendence-class littoral combat ship, and the fourth ship to bear the name USS Omaha. It is a chain dating back to the commissioning of a sloop-of-war in 1869. The last USS Omaha was a nu-clear attack submarine that served in the Navy from 1978 to 1995. According to the Omaha World-Her-ald, a great source of intelligence, the ship is the sixth in line of Independ-ence-class littoral combat ships with a futuristic trimaran design that sits high above the water. Deputy Secretary of Defense Robert Work once compared it to a Klingon Bird-of-Prey ship in the movie ‘‘Star Trek.’’ The ship was christened on De-cember 19, 2015, by Susie Buffett. The ship’s Latin motto is derived from its namesake, the city of Omaha, Nebraska. It translates to ‘‘Coura-geously in Every Enterprise,’’ which denotes her crew’s willingness to brave any future endeavor. b1930 While I am very proud of the future crew of the USS Omaha, I am equally proud of the members of the Nebraska Navy League and their counterparts for supporting the Navy’s missions, their personnel, and their families. In an effort to strengthen the connection between the USS Omaha and the citi-zens it serves, the Nebraska Navy League has committed to bringing sev-eral members of the crew to our com-munity each year. This endeavor helps to enhance the morale of the Active Duty personnel and their families, but it also helps to inform the American public of the importance of a strong United States Navy. The people in the Second Congres-sional District are proud to have a fan-tastic new ship bearing the name of Omaha. It honors our community and the many men and women from Omaha and the surrounding metro area who proudly serve in the United States Armed Forces. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
WHAT DO WE HAVE TO LOSE: $54 BILLION IN DOMESTIC SPENDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.022 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2457 March 27, 2017 
There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, today’s Special Order is going to be about the theme: What do we have to lose? That was something that you heard during the Presidential campaign. Spe-cifically, we want to focus on what do we have to lose: $54 billion in domestic spending. Earlier this month, President Trump released his budget named America First, a Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again. After reading Trump’s budget, I can’t help but won-der: Is this truly a mirror of his cam-paign to put Americans first? The easy answer to that is ‘‘no.’’ According to the Trump budget, America comes dead last. In fact, this budget proposal is all talk when it comes to helping U.S. students access education and well-paying jobs. One of the most alarming things about the budget is how it affects the education of students at minority-serving institu-tions. Mr. Speaker, HBCUs, Historically Black Colleges and Universities, were first created in 1964 to educate Black Americans excluded from segregated public and private universities, and this budget will perpetuate the in-equalities that currently exist for Black students. Today, HBCUs continue to provide students—no matter their race or their economic background for that matter— the ability to receive a quality edu-cation. According to the United Negro College Fund, 70 percent of all HBCU students rely on Federal grants and workstudy programs to finance their education. After Trump pledged to support and strengthen HBCUs during a meeting with the presidents of HBCUs in the Oval Office, the budget at hand is an-other unfulfilled promise. A recent let-ter from the president of the UNCF, United Negro College Fund, explained the complete elimination of the Fed-eral Supplemental Educational Oppor-tunity Grants, as proposed under the Trump budget. This would negatively impact more than 55,000 HBCU stu-dents. Helping low-income students achieve higher education is very serious, and we know that these cuts would hurt. Proposed reductions would also hurt the Federal workstudy initiatives, and it would eliminate another 26,000 stu-dents the ability to pay for college ex-penses or to improve their employment prospects. I knew a lot of students who worked under the college workstudy program when I was a student in college, and I can tell you just how critical that pro-gram is. For a lot of kids, that is the difference between going to college and not being able to go to college. Having that job on campus allows you to earn money, but stay on campus, affording you more time to be able to study and do other things that you need to do in order to be a successful student. Also, according to the Center for American Progress, the Trump budget will hit minority communities the hardest. The budget also calls for $200 million in cuts to Federal TRIO pro-grams, which help low-income, first- generation, and disabled students; and GEAR UP, a program that helps pre-pare low-income middle and high school students for college. It shouldn’t be any surprise to us that President Trump would want to gut funding to help disabled students succeed. We saw this sort of nastiness on the campaign trail, and we really do need to see how we can, again, boost these programs because they have been helping so many kids for a long time. I can tell you of someone who uti-lized a Pell Grant Program. I am sure there are many Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle that had to use the Pell Grant Program. Similarly, the Trump budget keeps the Pell Grant Program, but it cuts $3.9 billion in crit-ical funding for many students. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, the Pell Grant Program is the largest Federal grant program. The same study found that the program sends up to $5,900 to stu-dents and families that earn less than $40,000 a year and prioritizes funding for families earning closer to $20,000 or less. Again, if you are a low-income fam-ily, being able to utilize that money, particularly at that level—$40,000 and below, $20,000 and below—even if you were doing a little bit better than that, you know that that is not a lot of money, and that is why these Pell Grant Programs are so important. Pell Grant continues to be an impor-tant program that helps level the play-ing field for African Americans and helps to minimize student loans after graduation. A study by Brookings reported that Black students who graduated, as of October 2016, owed over $52,000 in stu-dent loan debt, compared to White graduates who owed approximately $28,000. By reducing funding, Trump is limiting a child’s ability to achieve economic mobility and move toward the American Dream. I am going to ask that my colleague from the great sunshine State of Flor-ida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ), who is going to help lead this Special Order hour, talk a little bit about how important a lot of these programs are to her State. Her State has many great universities, in-cluding, in Tallahassee, Florida A&M University, one of our Historically Black Colleges and Universities that have produced so many great graduates from that school. Although the Afri-can-American students may not go to FAMU—but they may go to Florida State, they may go to Gainesville to the University of Florida, they may go to the University of Miami—they need this money in order to be successful. In the gentlewoman from Florida’s work as a Member of Congress and her previous work in law enforcement, the gentlewoman works closely with fami-lies, with kids who are trying to pull themselves up and make a difference. I think that America would love to hear from the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) just because she has seen firsthand, again, what these grants, this job training, TRIO, and these other programs mean to these students. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ). Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I also rise tonight to talk about America First, the proposed budget of the 45th President of the United States, Presi-dent Donald Trump. It has been said that a budget of a local, State, Federal Government, cor-poration, nonprofit organization, small business, even a personal budget, really defines one’s priorities, one’s values, one’s vision for the future. The pro-posed budget gives us a look into one’s vision, our President’s, for the future of America. When I think about a vision for the future of America, I personally think of a vision that exceeds our wildest ex-pectations. This is a vision where every boy and girl, regardless of the color of their skin, their gender, their religion, sexual orientation, where they live or how much money their parents have in the bank, has an opportunity to suc-ceed, particularly in this country that we say is the greatest country in the world, and I do believe it to be so. There is a famous Scripture that says: Because of a lack of a vision, the people perish. I ask the question tonight: What is the vision for America under this budg-et? My colleague has so eloquently laid out that education truly is the key. It starts in education for higher learning. But what about secondary education, where every child should have an op-portunity to receive quality education? We know that the budget proposed in America First cuts very necessary im-portant programs that particularly hit the State of Florida, for example, the Teacher Quality Partnership, and Im-pact Aid support payments for Federal property, and international education programs. The 21st Century Commu-nity Learning Centers supports before- and after-school programs where chil-dren are able to receive tutoring, learn about the arts and music, and receive a meal during those programs. Florida would be particularly hurt. Those programs are designed particu-larly for children that come from at- risk and poverty-stricken areas. In those before-school and after- school programs, there is a focus on reading and math. And those programs often offer literary services to families of children that participate in those programs. So back to the gentleman from Texas’ question about what do we have to lose? In Florida, the overall gradua-tion rate is 80 percent. But for African Americans, the graduation rate is about 72 percent, and lower for African- American boys. I can tell you, it is the lowest group. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.024 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2458 March 27, 2017 
We can’t afford to pull more re-sources from the Department of Edu-cation—a proposed budget cut of 13.5 percent, in the double digits—resources that have been dedicated to lifting up all children, but particularly children of color and children from low-income neighborhoods. In President Trump’s budget, that 13.5 percent is about $9.2 billion from education. What is being cut? Not only the programs that I named, but about 20 other programs: $3.7 bil-lion in grants for teacher training to make sure that children not only re-ceive the best education that money can buy, but also have the best, most qualified, most prepared, most trained teachers. Programs aimed at helping to ensure vulnerable children in low-in-come neighborhoods are able to suc-ceed. They, too, really deserve a fair shot. These Federal programs were created to ensure that every child, no matter who they are, has access to education. This budget cut completely elimi-nates Federal Supplemental Edu-cational Opportunity Grants. The name alone says it all, opportunity grants, grants that could offer need- based aid to around 1.6 million low-in-come undergraduates every year. What do we have to lose? Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot to talk about tonight dealing with HBCUs, dealing with TRIO, dealing with these programs like GEAR UP, Pell Grants, jobs and job training, col-lege workstudy. I want to invite one of our colleagues up, one of our leaders, Representative J
IMCLYBURN from the State of South Carolina. One of the demographics that often go overlooked in this debate is the plight of rural African-American students. Representative C
LYBURN , not only does he understand and empathize with the plight of the urban African- American student, but he also under-stands again some of the struggles that the rural African-American student faces and how their ticket out of their hometown to be able to go experience something different is education. Many of these kids, Representative C
LYBURN  will tell you, have never had the oppor-tunity to get far outside of their home-towns in rural America. b1945 These programs give them the oppor-tunity to do so. So I want to invite our assistant leader to come up. He is a graduate of South Carolina State Uni-versity, the Bulldogs, one of our es-teemed HBCUs, and again, I just appre-ciate his voice on this topic. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ). Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ) for conducting this Special Order this evening. I ap-preciate it. Yes, I am a graduate of South Caro-lina State University, but I also rep-resent the University of South Caro-lina here in this body. And I just want to note that—with all that is going on around us, I want to say congratula-tions to the men of the University of South Carolina’s basketball team for getting into the Final Four, and I am looking forward to, a few moments from now, watching the women do the same. I met, along with other members of the Congressional Black Caucus, last week with President Trump, and we had an opportunity to share with him some of the fears that we have of his budget and what it would do to Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities. As both the gentleman and gentle-woman have mentioned, I represent seven of these institutions. I said to the President that there is something that most people miss about the value of these colleges and universities; and I shared with him a little experience I had last December. While kicking off the annual Christ-mas festivities, I was having a con-versation with a very good friend, who I have known for a long time, who is an outstanding cardiologist, recently re-tired from Charlotte, North Carolina, and we were talking about all the dis-cussions that were taking place during last year’s campaign about HBCUs. Of course, I said to him that I thought that there was significant mis-understanding about the value of these institutions. In fact, I wrote an op-ed piece a few days ago, published in the Charleston, South Carolina news-papers. I talked about a State official, an elected official in my State who made the comment that those students who went to South Carolina State, like yours truly, did so because they were not qualified to go anywhere else. Well, this gentleman, David Dowdy— I hope he doesn’t mind me calling his name—David Dowdy said to me, as we talked: You know, when I left that lit-tle, rural, underfunded high school in Eastover, North Carolina, and got up to North Carolina A&T, I had to take re-medial everything—simply because he went to an underfunded rural school. In South Carolina, of course, these schools have been underfunded for gen-erations, and the State has been fight-ing a lawsuit for some 24 years to keep from funding these schools properly and adequately. He said, when he got up to North Carolina A&T, he had to take these re-medial courses, but he went on to be-come a very successful heart doctor. Now, I said to the President, after telling him this story: That is not an unusual case. All of us have heard of the astronaut, Ronald McNair. Ronald McNair is also a South Carolinian. He graduated from a little high school in Lake City, South Carolina, a town most people never heard of. Everybody talks about how success-ful he was as an astronaut, having lost his life in the accident, the Challenger. And when people refer to him, they al-ways talk about him being a physicist from MIT. They never talk about the fact that, before he ever went to MIT for his master’s degree, he went to North Carolina A&T for his bachelor’s. It was there at North Carolina A&T where he was nurtured, and how he de-veloped in those small classes, the re-mediation that he needed in order to unlock all that was within him. So I shared with the President, and he assured me that he had no inten-tions of cutting funding to these His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities. I applaud him for that, and I thank him for that. But I also said to him that I think it is important for us not to just main-tain level funding but to make the kind of investments in these colleges and universities that are needed for them to get these young minds that have been disadvantaged, because of State action, and help turn them into pro-ductive citizens who will make signifi-cant contributions to our society. Now, I want to talk, just a moment though, about another part of the President’s budget. You know, I served on three budget committees recently. In fact, I was on Vice President Joseph Biden’s bipartisan group for deficit re-duction. I also served on the Joint Se-lect Committee on Deficit Reduction that everybody called the supercom-mittee. And then I served on the budget com-mittees that negotiated the Budget Control Act of 2011, an enactment I am not all that proud of, because we put in this thing we now call sequestration, which has wreaked havoc on military installations and military spending, as well as discretionary programs of the government. Now, the hallmark of each successful budget agreement has been to increase defense spending by the same amount as spending for nondefense discre-tionary agencies. President Trump’s proposed budget ignores this principle and would destroy many critical pro-grams throughout all of the nondefense Federal agencies. In 2016, the bipartisan budget agree-ment added $25 billion in defense spending above the sequester levels. Importantly though, it paid for this in-crease with responsible revenue-raising provisions and also increased the non-defense side of the budget by $25 billion as well. For 2017, it is a similar story, where defense and nondefense are increased by $15 billion, both paid for respon-sibly. President Trump proposes to go far beyond these agreements, proposing for 2018, $54 billion in increased defense spending, and he pays for it by cutting the nondefense side of the budget by a corresponding $54 billion next year. Mr. Speaker, there is a responsible way to provide our military relief from sequestration. I support doing so, as do my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus. This is not the way to do it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.025 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2459 March 27, 2017 
Much of the proposed investments will go to draconian immigration en-forcement and an ineffective border wall. The President even has the au-dacity to propose ignoring the budget agreement for 2017, that was passed by Congress and signed into law by Presi-dent Obama over 2 years ago. What exactly does proposing $54 bil-lion below sequester level caps for the nondefense side of the budget mean? What effect would it have on our con-stituents? The President’s budget deci-mates funding for critical infrastruc-ture in low-income communities, I dare say, rural communities. For example, the President proposes to eliminate $500 million in funding for the rural water and wastewater pro-gram in the Department of Agri-culture. In my congressional district alone, this agency has funded drinking water infrastructure in poor, rural communities like Turbeville, Bowman, and Brittons Neck, that had previously limited access to clean water. The President also proposes to elimi-nate the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery, or TIGER grants, which invest in road, rail, transit, and port projects on a competitive basis all around the coun-try. In South Carolina, TIGER grants have funded the I–95/301 interchange in rural Santee, Main Street revitaliza-tion in Columbia, and upgrades at the Port of Charleston to the tune of more than $32 million. The resulting eco-nomic and community development have proved to be well worth the Fed-eral investment. The President’s proposal would also eliminate the Legal Services Corpora-tion and LIHEAP. That is the program for low income home energy assistance that allows homes to be weatherized, and Meals on Wheels. This can only be seen as an attack on the poor and the elderly. These cuts would leave thousands of poor senior citizens unable to heat their homes in the winter and deny thousands more legal aid they need to seek relief from domestic violence and avoid homelessness by staying in their homes. The notion that Meals on Wheels doesn’t produce results is totally ridic-ulous. In my district, Senior Resources in Columbia currently serves more than 500 seniors. Mr. Speaker, Federal funding ac-counts for 37 percent of their budget. Cutting those funds would callously kick 180 homebound seniors to the curb, forcing them to join the already 130 people who are on the waiting list. These are unconscionable cuts made with no regard for the most vulnerable in our society. The Congressional Black Caucus budget will take the opposite approach. By repealing sequestration, making the Tax Code fairer to increase the level of investment in critical programs, and targeting Federal funds to commu-nities mired in persistent poverty through the 10–20–30 formula, the CBC’s budget responsibly funds our military, while also lifting millions out of pov-erty. I want to close by thanking the gen-tleman from Virginia, Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT, my friend and classmate, for pulling that budget together, and doing so showing the kind of compas-sion that ought to exist in every public servant. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the assistant leader. I really appreciate his comments, and I want to thank him for standing up for these students and everyone else out there who is trying to do something to help eliminate pov-erty. The gentleman’s 10–20–30 plan was really hailed as something that we should all take a closer look at. It was a bipartisan approach and a look at poverty because it affected so many different people’s districts. I just want to thank the gentleman for being an advocate in this area. b2000 Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from the great State of Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ASS). K
AREN BASS also is someone that really takes these topics seriously. She has always been someone who has delved very deeply into the budget and into domestic spending and how it im-pacts our communities. I just really appreciate her taking part to really share what we think is important as it relates to this budget. Ms. BASS. I thank the gentleman, Mr. V
EASEY , and also Mrs. D EMINGS for their leadership in this hour. I know that our theme is ‘‘What Do We Have to Lose’’? That is something that the President, during his cam-paign, asked the African-American community: What do you have to lose? Why don’t you think about voting Re-publican this time? So I was a part of the group that Mr. C
LYBURN referred to that went and met with the President last week. Members of the Congressional Black Caucus Ex-ecutive Committee met with the Presi-dent. We went over to the White House to answer the question: What do we have to lose? As my colleagues who have spoken before me mentioned, we believe that we have a lot to lose. I think that the budget is a reflection of all that we have to lose. As my colleague, V
ALDEMINGS , said, a budget is a reflection of your values. It is a reflection of where you think taxpayers’ money should be spent. So, in the opportunity that I had to speak with the President, I mentioned to him that I was sure that he was aware that, in the United States, over 2 million people are incarcerated. In fact, we in-carcerate more people in the United States than any other country on the planet. What I told him that he probably wasn’t aware of was that this was an issue—a bipartisan, bicameral issue— that Members of Congress in both Houses were looking at because we rec-ognized, over the years, that incarcer-ation is not the solution to commu-nities that are experiencing crime. We told him that there was a trend in Con-gress to actually reconsider policies that led to overincarceration. We told him that the Congressional Black Cau-cus was concerned about messages that we heard from him: one that is re-flected in his budget; two, that was re-flected in his new deal for Black Amer-ica where the focus was on law and order. We told him that we were concerned about his proposals to address prob-lems in poor communities, and our chair, CEDRIC RICHMOND , specifically pointed out that he was concerned about the way African-American com-munities were consistently described as riddled by violence and as almost uninhabitable. We told him that we thought he prob-ably wasn’t aware that 95 percent of prisoners return to communities and that maybe he was not aware that many of these inmates return to cer-tain ZIP Codes. If you have a commu-nity in certain ZIP Codes where a num-ber of people have been released from prison without any services, then, nat-urally, you are going to have a problem with recidivism. We have people com-ing out of prison who then find out that they are prohibited from working and that they are ineligible for public benefits, including even a driver’s li-cense. In the State of California, we had a program in State prisons where we trained you to be a barber, but then we didn’t allow you to have a license if you had been a prisoner. So we had to change State law to change that. We told him that, if we don’t find ways to reintegrate people into soci-ety, he needed to understand that that was actually a contributing factor to crime and violence in many commu-nities. When we went to the White House, we didn’t just go to point out problems, but we also went to talk about solu-tions. Here is the concern when it comes to the budget. The budget that the President delivered to Congress so far is so general that we don’t know whether or not some of the cuts to dis-cretionary spending would include pro-grams like the Second Chance Act. The Second Chance Act is a program that provides funding to States to ad-dress and reduce recidivism. The Sec-ond Chance Act has programs that work with inmates before they are re-leased to address the root causes of why they offended in the first place. Many people in prison—a large percent-age—did not graduate high school. So services that are provided by the Sec-ond Chance Act include employment services, mental health, substance abuse, housing, education, and family reunification. As we talked about a budget being a reflection of values, for the values to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.027 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2460 March 27, 2017 
me that will help the African-Amer-ican community, we need to make sure that the Second Chance Act is fully funded. We won’t know what is fully funded in the President’s budget until he sends us more details in the month of May. But it is my hope that he lis-tened to the presentations that mem-bers of the Congressional Black Caucus made when we had a meeting with him last week and that, when the budget comes out in May, we will see that the Second Chance Act is fully funded. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative B
ASSvery much for her comments and remarks. I really appre-ciate the gentlewoman always taking this subject to task very seriously and to heart. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UDD). The gentleman has 26 minutes remaining. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ), who has really made this, again, one of his priorities also. Phila-delphia is one of those cities where many people have benefited by a lot of these domestic spending programs, in-cluding students like I talked about a little earlier. I would now like to hear from my esteemed colleague from the State of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
WIGHT  E
VANS . Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his leadership, along with my classmate, who is also a very fan-tastic person. So I thank both of you for your leadership in terms of the Con-gressional Black Caucus and exactly what that means. My colleague from Florida said that budgets are values. Something that you may not know, I have spent 36 years in the Pennsylvania Legislature. Of those 36 years, I spent 28 years on the appropriations committee, and 20 of the 28 years as the chairman of that committee. So my colleague from Flor-ida is absolutely correct that it is put your money where your mouth is, and that sets a tone for what you believe and what you think. The President’s proposed budget puts America’s middle neighborhoods at greater risk, tilting towards decline. What do I mean by ‘‘middle neighbor-hoods’’? Middle neighborhoods are the neigh-borhoods that are caught between growth and decline, neighborhoods that, with just a little love and a little help, you can keep those neighbor-hoods. Those neighborhoods are all over America. Those are communities that we should value. We should under-stand that affordable housing and sta-ble communities in those neighbor-hoods are very important to the back-bone of America. So these American middle neighbor-hoods are neighborhoods we should rel-ish. We should value the importance of these communities. But under the pro-posed budget, they do not give our sen-iors, our children, or our working fami-lies a chance to get ahead—major cuts, Mr. Speaker, in funds for Federal stu-dent services, such as LIHEAP, grants for afterschool programs, community development block grants, community service block grants, and others to help families and help raise them out of Pennsylvania poverty. Last week, Mr. Speaker, I met with students from the Pennsylvania TRIO, Gear Up, and Upward Bound programs. President Trump’s budget proposes cuts for millions of these programs, which would support first-time, first- generation college students through outreach to low-income and minority middle and high school students. This is our future. This is our future. We are in the 21st century. We under-stand if we are to be very competitive in the world, we must leave no child behind. It is important, Mr. Speaker, to rec-ognize that the investments we are talking about benefit all of us. If we want a strong economy, these middle neighborhoods are essential. These middle neighborhoods are where people grow and develop. They go on to col-lege. They do well in school, and they hold our society together. The President’s budget undermines and cuts the crucial investments we have made in our cities and our neigh-borhoods, neighborhoods that we all come from, neighborhoods where we all recognize the importance of these com-munities. We should not take this for granted because the reality is, as my colleague from Florida said, our values are where our dollars are. I totally agree with her because she is really telling us all that you can pay now or you can pay later. It is better to pay on the front end rather than the back end. It is better to understand that these communities are commu-nities that help America be what it is today. The President’s budget undermines and cuts critical investments. The President’s budget does not give our cities the adequate resources to invest in our communities and moves our cit-ies in the wrong direction. I think that the President, as my col-league just said earlier, says: What do we have to lose? Well, we have a lot to lose under this proposed budget. This budget is no new deal for Black America. As a matter of fact, this is no deal at all. We clearly understand that this means cuts in health care, edu-cation, affordable housing, and food nu-tritional programs. This is no deal because we under-stand that we must make investments. If we are talking about moving Amer-ica forward and we are talking about making it what we know it can be in terms of America, we must make this investment. But we cannot make these investments, we cannot be talking out both sides of our mouths, and we can-not, on one hand, say what do we have to lose and then, on the other hand, do nothing in the budget whatsoever. So it is clear, Mr. Speaker, that we have a missed opportunity here. I am proud to stand as a member of the Congressional Black Caucus and join with all of my colleagues, as the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus has said, as being the con-science of the Congress. It is important to understand that we don’t take that lightly. That is why we stand here today, Mr. Speaker. We stand here to raise the voice, to stress to people that we are not going to give up, that we recognize that we all have a responsibility and an obliga-tion in this democracy, that this is our democracy and it is something that we should never take for granted. We have a lot to lose. We stand to lose everything that made our neigh-borhoods stronger block by block. So, Mr. Speaker, I stand here with all of my colleagues to carry this message to everyone that we are never going to give up—never, never, never. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate Representative EVANS ’ thoughtfulness and his participation on the topic. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ), who is my colleague from Los Angeles County. The gentlewoman is known as a fighter in her district not only on these domestic spending issues and not only in her district, but throughout the entire United States. I am very happy that she is partici-pating, and I know that she has been very vocal about those developments, dealing with the budget and dealing with other issues that affect us here in Washington, D.C. I really appreciate the gentlewoman’s participating in to-night’s discussion. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I do appreciate the time that I have been allotted here this evening, joining with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to an-swer the question that was posed to us by this President. I rise to answer President Trump’s question to the Black community. Now, all throughout his campaign, President Trump declared that Black people all across this country just live in hell and fear each day, and we may be shot on the street. He basically said that we have nothing, our education is no good, on and on and on. Then he went on to say that only he can solve the challenges African Americans face. Unfortunately, this kind of talk is typical of this President: boasting, bragging, and making promises. This President will say anything and prom-ise anything, of course, with no inten-tion of living up to his promises. One should not believe anything he has to say. As a matter of fact, the African- American community understands very well when these kinds of empty prom-ises are made. As a matter of fact, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the presidents of the His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities organized, put together, a pro-posal, and they went to meet with the President at the White House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.028 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2461 March 27, 2017 
b2015 They didn’t even have an opportunity to present the proposal. They were just ushered around in a photo op, and that was all that happened, without any real conversation, without any pro-posals being produced. They were treated in a disrespectful way. This, basically, is what I have de-cided we can expect from the Presi-dent. His budget and policy priorities reveal his true intentions and what so many of us already know about this President. He really doesn’t care about the issues facing the African-American community, and he doesn’t care to learn about those issues or advance any meaningful legislation to provide jobs and economic opportunities for our Nation’s most vulnerable commu-nities. If you take a look at Trump’s HUD budget, you find a $6 billion reduction. He wants to eliminate the Community Development Block Grant program, which supports our cities and various urban renewal projects. He wants to eliminate the HOME Investment Part-nerships Program. This President wants to eliminate the Choice Neigh-borhoods program. He wants to elimi-nate the homeownership program and on and on and on. Just last week, this President tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. If that unconscionable bill had passed, 14 million people would have lost insurance coverage next year, and the American people would have seen billions of dollars in Medicaid cuts. Trump’s empty promises do not end with the budget. He has also filled his Cabinet with millionaires and billion-aires who don’t have a clue about the challenges facing the African-Amer-ican community. Trump’s Treasury Secretary was known as the ‘‘Foreclosure King,’’ who profited off the backs of vulnerable homeowners during the 2008 recession. Trump’s Education Secretary knows nothing about public education, did not attend public schools. Her children didn’t attend public schools. She was not chosen to repair public education; she was chosen to break it. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who lied under oath before the Senate, op-posed the Violence Against Women Act. He has taken hardline positions against our efforts to reform the crimi-nal justice system, which dispropor-tionately incarcerates African Ameri-cans. Of course, we knew about his background and his history and what he is known for, and that is discrimina-tion, disrespect for African Americans. Mr. Speaker, my position against this President and his administration is clear: I oppose this President. I do not honor this President. I do not re-spect this President. He has disrespected the office and offended so many people across this country and around the world with his disgusting and indecent rhetoric against women, the Black community, Muslims, immi-grants, and disabled Americans. Mr. Speaker, it is not just the Afri-can-American community who will lose under this President. It is every-one who isn’t a millionaire or billion-aire that stand to lose under this ad-ministration. I will continue to oppose him and fight him every step of the way. While I am talking about where he has put his priorities—and, of course, I think the budget really does reflect your priorities—he has reduced the education budget by 13 percent, or $9 billion less than last year; a $168 billion increase for charter schools, 50 percent above current levels. Let’s take a look at labor. It reduces the budget by 21 percent, a $2.5 billion decrease from last year. Health and Human Services, decreased funding by $15 billion, the lowest in 20 years. It reduces funding for the National Institutes of Health by 19 percent. For the Environmental Protection Agency, it reduces the budget from $8.1 billion to $5.7 billion. Housing and Urban De-velopment, again, reducing the budget by just about $6 billion, or 13.2 percent. He claims he cares about small busi-nesses. He reduces the SBA budget by 5 percent, or $43.2 billion less than last year. It goes on and on and on. Homeland Security, increases the budget by only 6.8 percent, to $44 bil-lion, even though he claims he cares a lot about the security of this country. What am I saying? I am simply say-ing that African Americans have strug-gled and fought, historically. Many Af-rican Americans have paid a huge price fighting for justice and equality in this country and have died for it. I don’t have to call the names of Martin Lu-ther King and all the others. We have paid a price. We have fought. But guess what? Despite the fact that America has not always been there for us, we have always been there for America. We have fought in America’s wars. We have suffered discrimination. We have suffered isolation and under-mining. But we stand up for America, oftentimes when others who think they are more patriotic—who say they are more patriotic—do not. When we fight against this President and we point out how dangerous he is for this society and for this country, we are fighting for democracy. We are fighting for America. We are saying to those who say they are patriotic but they turn a blind eye to the destruc-tion that he is about to cause this country: You are not nearly as patri-otic as we are. We not only have fought in America’s wars, have stood up for America, have been there whenever this country was threatened in any way, we say now that this country is threatened with a President who does not belong there, a President who does not understand how this government works, a President who goes down to Mar-a-Lago every weekend and plays golf. He is not hud-dling with Members of Congress and trying to figure out how to form a con-sensus. Rather, he thought he could come in here and run roughshod over everybody. But that is how he works, that is how he acts. He is not good for America. African Americans know this. The Black Cau-cus understands this. And for those members of the Black Caucus rep-resenting our leadership who went to meet with him, they have laid out to him all of this, what our care and con-cerns are all about. But in the final analysis, we really don’t expect anything from him. My mission and my goal is to make sure that he does not remain President of the United States of America. Mr. VEASEY. I thank Representative W
ATERS for her comments on this very timely matter. Mr. Speaker, how much time do we have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 9
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), my good friend, who is also a leader on education issues and domes-tic spending. I thank him very much for participating tonight. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the gentleman for his good work on the budget. Mr. Speaker, the budget is about choices, and those choices involve arithmetic. Apparently, the Republican strategy on the budget does not recog-nize arithmetic. When you start with a deficit, their strategy to deal with the deficit is to increase defense spending and to pass massive tax cuts. That will not end up helping the deficit. As we have seen with the choice in health care, they made bad choices. Whatever you think about the Afford-able Care Act, their plan was demon-strably worse. Their plan would in-crease the number of people uninsured by 24 million, bring higher prices and worse policies, but tax cuts for million-aires. What I couldn’t understand was not what were the ups and downs for poli-tics, but who was for that—24 million more uninsured, higher prices, and worse policies? Democrats will work with Repub-licans to improve the Affordable Care Act, but we are not going halfway and saying only 12 million uninsured and slightly higher prices and slightly worse policies. If we are going to have a policy to increase the number of in-sured, lower prices, and provide better policies, we will work. We can also produce a better budget. For almost an hour, we have heard the problems with the budget introduced by the President of the United States. The Congressional Black Caucus is not just about complaints. We have a budg-et, and it is a responsible budget. We make choices. The choices avoid those devastating cuts that we have heard about. The Congressional Black Caucus budget is realistic. It requires $3.9 trillion in additional revenues, but it outlines over $10 trillion in choices that could be made to come up with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.031 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2462 March 27, 2017 
that money, possibilities like canceling the Bush tax cuts. That is $3.9 trillion right off the bat. Over $10 trillion in total choices. First, with that revenue, we cancel the sequester both for nondefense and for defense. Then we make investments in the future of American families with investments in education, job-creating infrastructure, the environment, sci-entific research, and maintain a strong social safety net. In the end, we reduce the deficit by a cumulative amount of an over $2 trillion reduction in the def-icit. So let’s be clear. we are going to make choices with the budget, choices like we made a few years ago. People say a lot about the proposal by Senator B
ERNIE SANDERS and $900 billion for free college. Could we afford that? Just think, a couple of years ago, we passed, with one vote, an extension in tax cuts of $3.9 trillion. We could have, with the same amount of money, extended $3 trillion in tax cuts, and with the money left over, free college, but we didn’t make that choice. All $3.9 tril-lion went to tax cuts. The $900 billion could have gone to free college. Make no mistake about it, we are making choices. This year, again, we will make choices with our budget: massive tax cuts, or we can focus on a better feature and produce a more hu-mane and responsible budget. I would hope that this year we make the right choice. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, before I close out this Special Order hour, I do want to thank my colleague from Flor-ida, Representative V
ALDEMINGS , for participating, and I want her to just share some last words on this subject: What do we have to lose? I know she has a few more things that she wants to share with everybody. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I spent 27 years in law enforcement, and I real-ized early in my career that we cannot arrest our way out of the challenges that we face, that we have to address some of the social ills that cause decay in communities in the first place if we are going to make those communities better. In 1965, President Lyndon Johnson commissioned a group to look at crime in America. I would like to share just a short paragraph of their report. It says: ‘‘Every effort must be made to strengthen the family, now often shat-tered by the grinding pressures of urban slums. ‘‘Slum schools must be given enough resources to make them as good as schools elsewhere and to enable them to compensate for the various handi-caps suffered by the slum child—to res-cue him from his environment.’’ Mr. Speaker, I want you to know that we are still trying to rescue chil-dren that that particular child rep-resents from their at-risk environ-ments. If we are going to put America first, it starts with putting the Amer-ican people first. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative DEMINGS for her words and inspiration, and I really appreciate her perspective, again. Now she is get-ting an opportunity to see this as a Member of Congress, but the 27 years that she spent in law enforcement, it gave her a bird’s-eye perspective on what happens when we don’t invest in education, when we don’t invest in health care, when we don’t invest in things that help families uplift them-selves and give themselves opportuni-ties to pull one another out of poverty. I just want to thank her again for par-ticipating in tonight’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot to talk about because we do have a lot to lose, and I thank everybody for partici-pating. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when President Trump spoke on the campaign trail, his message to the African American community was clear: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ Today, just 9 weeks into his presidency, we now know that in a Trump Ad-ministration, the American people stand to lose their access to robust medical care, jobs, and more than $54 billion used to fund criti-cally important programs and Departments through the Federal government. President Trump’s fiscal year 2018 budget proposal to Congress seeks roughly $54 bil-lion in dramatic cuts to social programs and domestic spending in order to accommodate an equal increase in spending through the De-partments of Defense, Homeland Security, and Veterans Affairs. His proposal is a poor reflection of the priorities that we hold as a na-tion and undermines—or eliminates entirely— many of the very programs that millions of Americans rely on the most. For example, the President’s budget pro-posal slashes funding for education by cutting grants for after school programs and reduces financial aid for low-income students, such as Pell Grants. The Department of Housing and Urban Development will also see a thirteen percent—or $6.2 billion—reduction in its budg-et, which is reflected in the elimination of the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program, the HOME Investment Partnerships program, and Section 4 Community Develop-ment and Affordable Housing. I cannot help but notice that there is a cer-tain degree of hypocrisy reflected in the Presi-dent’s budget proposal when comparing to what he has touted during the campaign. For example, the Department of Transportation will suffer significant cuts to programs such as TIGER, which has been an incredibly success-ful discretionary grant program used to fund projects of nation significance in communities all across the country. President Trump’s budget proposal also looks to eliminate fund-ing for the Capital Investment Grant program, which the Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) in Texas has utilized for many years to respond to the explosive population growth within my district and build up our transportation infra-structure. This moves our nation further away from the $1 trillion in transportation infrastruc-ture spending that the President has proposed during the campaign. Mr. Speaker, I cannot support the Presi-dent’s budget proposal in its current form. The cuts included in his proposal are irrational and ignore the dire needs of our people to bolster our transportation infrastructure, create jobs, and pave the way for greater economic oppor-tunity for all Americans—not just a select few. President Trump also wants to slash taxes for the wealthy and our biggest corporations. He will pay for those tax breaks by placing the burden on lower- and middle-class Americans. Just months into his presidency, it is already crystal clear that the American people have a lot to lose under his vision for America and I am proud to join my colleagues in the Con-gressional Black Caucus to oppose these dev-astating cuts and the entire Trump agenda. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. S
IMPSON (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and March 28 on account of business in the district. 
f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled Joint Resolutions of the House of the fol-lowing titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker. 
H.J. Res. 69. Joint Resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Pub-lic Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’. H.J. Res. 83. Joint Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employ-er’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Re-cordable Injury and Illness’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, March 28, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOODALL: Committe on Rules. House Resolution 229. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1430) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing and disseminating regu-lations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR7.032 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2463 March 27, 2017 
(Rept. 115–60). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 230. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 34) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’ (Rept. 115–61). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1387. A bill to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes; (Rept. 115–62). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1431. A bill to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authoriza-tion Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Ad-visory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; (Rept. 115–63). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 1726. A bill to amend title 14, United States Code, to improve the organization of such title and to incorporate certain trans-fers and modifications into such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mrs. L
OWEY ): H.R. 1727. A bill to prohibit use of body- gripping traps by personnel of the Depart-ment of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture and on lands of such depart-ments; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SIMPSON (for himself and Mr. L
ABRADOR ): H.R. 1728. A bill to modify the boundaries of the Morley Nelson Snake River Birds of Prey National Conservation Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BRAT (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 1729. A bill to provide the public with access to the laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ): H.R. 1730. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affili-ation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky (for him-self, Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 1731. A bill to amend the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to provide funds to States and Indian tribes for the purpose of promoting economic revital-ization, diversification, and development in economically distressed communities through the reclamation and restoration of land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining carried out before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. HIMES, and Mr. B
ARLETTA ): H.R. 1732. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to add certain synthetic sub-stances to schedule I, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 1733. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of the re- refining of used lubricating oil; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS ): H.R. 1734. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable tax credit against income tax for the purchase of qualified access technology for the blind; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 1735. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to issue guidance regarding im-plementation of certain buy-outs or the ac-quisition of property for open space as a flood mitigation measure, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ): H.R. 1736. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve the process for inspections of device estab-lishments and for granting export certifi-cations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. M ITCH-
ELL, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. H
URD, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B OST, and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 1737. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 with respect to the application of the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule to certain farms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 1738. A bill to establish the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta National Herit-age Area; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B EYER , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. R OYBAL - ALLARD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ): H.R. 1739. A bill to modernize laws and policies, and eliminate discrimination, with respect to people living with HIV/AIDS, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. M
AST, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. F ASO, Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S IRES, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 1740. A bill to allow Homeland Secu-rity Grant Program funds to be used to safe-guard faith-based community centers across the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ): H.R. 1741. A bill to prohibit the intentional hindering of immigration, border, and cus-toms controls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 1742. A bill to require the Archivist of the United States to compile all applica-tions, and rescissions of applications, made to the Congress to call a convention, pursu-ant to article V of the Constitution, and cer-tain related materials, and to transmit them to Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 1743. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit a can-didate for election to the office or Represent-ative in Congress or Senator from accepting contributions from any political committee other than an authorized committee of the candidate and from establishing a leadership PAC; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
RAMER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P
OEof Texas, and Mr. C OSTA ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR7.012 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2464 March 27, 2017 
H.R. 1744. A bill to direct the President to submit to Congress a report on fugitives cur-rently residing in other countries whose ex-tradition is sought by the United States and related matters; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 1745. A bill to amend the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to eliminate the section 251A seques-trations; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. HASTINGS: H. Res. 231. A resolution celebrating the importance of the 15th Anniversary of the Arab Peace Initiative as a meaningful effort by Arab countries to the commitment of peace in the Middle East; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ROUZER: H. Res. 232. A resolution recognizing line-men, the profession of linemen, the contribu-tions of these brave men and women who protect public safety, and expressing support for the designation of April 18, 2017, as Na-tional Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 1726. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1727. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 1728. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 1729. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The volumes of the United States Statutes at Large compile the legal acts of the gov-ernment of the United States, including leg-islative measures enacted pursuant to pow-ers throughout Article I of the Constitution and constitutional amendments proposed under Article V of the Constitution. It is both necessary and proper (Article I, Section 8, Clause 18) for the legal history of the United States to be accessible to the People in an accessible format on the Internet. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 1730. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H.R. 1731. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Wel-fare) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Nec-essary and Proper Clause) By Mr. DENT: H.R. 1732. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 1733. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 1734. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 1735. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 1736. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 1737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, which includes the power to ‘‘reg-ulate commerce . . . among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 1738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Ms. LEE: H.R. 1739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 1740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitution of the United States, Ar-ticle One, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 1741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 1742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution requires Con-gress to call a convention for proposing amendments to the Constitution ‘‘on the ap-plication of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states.’’ In order to fulfill this obligation, Congress has the authority to enact legislation to ensure accurate record-keeping of state applications submitted pur-suant to Article V. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 1743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 4 of Article I of the Constitution: The times, places and manner of holding elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legis-lature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 1744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 1745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1, 2, 14, 18 of the U.S. Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. R OSS, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 25: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 82: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 102: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 173: Mr. B
ACON , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 179: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 184: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 233: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 257: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 314: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. B ARR, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OE of Tennessee, and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 352: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 367: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 392: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. N EAL, and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 449: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 486: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. B
ABIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27MR7.100 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2465 March 27, 2017 
H.R. 488: Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 559: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 576: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 754: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. B ANKS of Indi- ana, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 757: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 772: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 807: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 816: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 820: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 828: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 873: Mr. N
EALand Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 877: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. M AST, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 904: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 911: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 920: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 921: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 931: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T AYLOR , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 960: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 1007: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1017: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1031: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1046: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1049: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1057: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 1069: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1098: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 1119: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1135: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1136: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1158: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1175: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1206: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1241: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1242: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. N
ADLER , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 1267: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 1311: Mr. B
UCK, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. M
ARSHALL , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1380: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1381: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1384: Mr. K
IND, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. M
AST, and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H.R. 1409: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1419: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 1436: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1439: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1440: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1444: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1456: Mr. S
OTO, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1503: Mr. R
USH, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1551: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1552: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 1555: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1613: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 1626: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1627: Mr. M
ESSER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1635: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. A LLEN , and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1644: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. B ERA, and Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1661: Mrs . W
ALORSKI . H.R. 1673: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1697: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1698: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. S IRES, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.J. Res. 59: Mr. M
CCAUL. H. Con. Res. 4: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. N
UNES . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. B
YRNE . H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. Y
ODER . H. Res. 31: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Res. 54: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. R
OYCE of California. H. Res. 184: Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. B ASS, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. K
ILDEE , and Miss R ICEof New York. H. Res. 186: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. K EATING , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H. Res. 188: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H. Res. 218: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H. Res. 220: Mr. S
HERMAN . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1695: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR7.016 H27MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1981 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 27, 2017 No. 53 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, our hearts are steadfast toward You. Lead us safely to the ref-uge of Your choosing, for You desire to give us a future and a hope. Provide us with grateful hearts to appreciate Your mercies that are new each day. Today, give our Senators the power to do Your will, as they realize more fully that they are servants of Heaven and stewards of Your mysteries. Lord, give them Your perspective on their daily tasks and every decision they must make. May faithfulness to You become the focus of their living, keep-ing them from becoming careless about their spiritual and moral growth. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MONTENEGRO’S ACCESSION INTO NATO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, at the end of the Cold War, many won-dered whether NATO could or should survive absent the glaring threat from the Soviet Union, which tied together a diverse coalition of Western countries. That Soviet threat held the alliance to-gether through myriad issues and chal-lenges of burden sharing, nuclear doc-trine, and how to balance the roles of the European Union and a security alli-ance. The United States, as a global super-power, was at times criticized for not paying enough attention to the alli-ance and at other times for its heavy-handed leadership. When the Berlin Wall came down, NATO was forced to evolve. At its core, the alliance is not only about defeating a common threat but also about com-mon values. When our Nation was attacked on September 11, NATO acted on Sep-tember 12 and invoked article 5 of the Washington Treaty for the first time in history, and NATO partners have worked to assist us in the war on terror ever since. With Russia’s resurgence and quest for renewed greater power status, NATO has given notice that it will stand up for Western democracies, as well, and has continued to do so. Let’s be clear. President Putin mourns the fall of the Soviet Union. He is intent on using all elements of na-tional power to expand Russia’s sphere of influence. He is also threatened by the examples of representative democ-racies anywhere near Russia’s borders, and he is accordingly trying to intimi-date other nations from seeking entry into the alliance. The Partnership for Peace, estab-lished in 1994, has given newly inde-pendent states a path toward devel-oping capabilities that would bind them closer to the democracies of the West. It has given them something to strive for. Through the use of the Mem-bership Action Plan, NATO is capable of setting forth the various reforms re-quired for membership of those coun-tries that aspire to join the alliance. This is the path Poland took—and Romania, the Czech Republic, and so many of our friends in Eastern Europe. Today it is the path Montenegro is tak-ing. A positive vote on the NATO acces-sion treaty that is before us tells those countries that complete NATO member action plans that this undertaking, while difficult, is not futile. Let us remember that we face a vari-ety of threats in the world—from ISIL to the Syrian civil war to China’s mili-tary buildup and territorial ambi-tions—and our European allies face many threats as well. NATO remains an incredibly valuable alliance. It is an alliance, however, that must be sustained. That is why we ask our partners to meet their commit-ments to NATO by spending 2 percent of GDP on defense so the alliance can improve its capabilities, and that is why we must meet our own commit-ments, including voting yes on the ac-cession treaty before the Senate today. f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, last week Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch came before the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee for his confirmation hearing. His testimony reaffirmed what we al-ready know about Judge Gorsuch. He is fair and impartial. He has an out-standing legal mind, and he is humble and well respected. He also has a record of building consensus. Here is what he said about that record at his hearing. 
I have decided . . . over 2,700 cases, and my law clerks tell me that 97 percent of them have been unanimous, 99 percent I’ve been in the majority. They tell me as well that ac-cording to the Congressional Research Serv-ice, my opinions have attracted the fewest number of dissents from my colleagues of anyone I’ve served with that they studied over the last 10 years. 
So let’s repeat that. Judge Gorsuch has ruled in more than 2,700 cases. He has been in the majority 99 percent of the time, and 97 percent have been unanimous decisions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.000 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1982 March 27, 2017 
It is no wonder the American Bar As-sociation—an organization that the Democratic leader and the former Democratic Judiciary Committee chairman have called the ‘‘gold stand-ard’’—gave Judge Gorsuch its highest rating, unanimously ‘‘well qualified.’’ In that ABA rating, it noted: ‘‘Based on the writings, interviews, and anal-yses we scrutinized to reach our rating, we discerned that Judge Gorsuch be-lieves strongly in the judicial branch of government, and we predict that he will be a strong but respectful voice in protecting it.’’ The ABA isn’t alone in its support for Judge Gorsuch. In fact, people from across the political spectrum have sung his praises, including many on the left that you might not expect—people like Professor Laurence Tribe, former President Obama’s legal mentor, who called Gorsuch ‘‘a brilliant, terrific guy who would do the Court’s work with distinction,’’ and Neal Katyal, former President Obama’s top Supreme Court lawyer, who called him ‘‘one of the most thoughtful and brilliant judges to have served our nation over the last century.’’ This is the Obama Solicitor General saying that he is ‘‘one of the most thoughtful and brilliant judges to have served our nation over the last cen-tury.’’ There are liberal law professors, in-cluding Alan Dershowitz, who said Gorsuch would be ‘‘hard to oppose on the merits,’’ and Donald Elliot, who called him ‘‘a brilliant mind’’ who ‘‘tries very hard to get the law right . . . [and] follows the law as best he can wherever it might lead.’’ At his confirmation hearing last week, we heard from former and cur-rent colleagues on the Federal bench who enthusiastically support his nomi-nation. These are all Federal judges who know him well. Judge John Kane, who was appointed to the district court in Colorado by President Carter, wrote that Judge Gorsuch has voted both to affirm and reverse his decisions. ‘‘In each in-stance,’’ he remarked, ‘‘I have felt I was clearly understood and properly in-formed.’’ He goes on to say: 
I think Judge Gorsuch listens well and de-cides justly. His dissents are instructive rather than vitriolic. In sum, I think he is an excellent judicial craftsman. 
Former colleagues on the Tenth Cir-cuit testified last week on his behalf as well. Two former chief judges of that circuit—one appointed by President Reagan and another appointed by President Clinton—have written that Judge Gorsuch was ‘‘like most good judges, assiduously attentive to the facts and law in each case.’’ Judge Deanell Tacha and Judge Robert Henry went on to say that if Judge Gorsuch were confirmed to the Supreme Court, his other important traits are not like-ly to change either—things like ‘‘his fair consideration of opposing views, his remarkable intelligence, his won-derful judicial temperament expressed to litigants and his collegiality toward colleagues.’’ They conclude by saying: If we seek to confirm to the Supreme Court a noted intellect, a collegial colleague, and [a] gifted and eloquent writer—as well as a person of exhibited judicial temperament— Gorsuch fits that bill. He represents the best of the judicial tradition in our country. 
Perhaps David Frederick, a board member of the left-leaning American Constitution Society, best summed up why the Senate should confirm Judge Gorsuch. In a recent Washington Post op-ed, he praised Judge Gorsuch for his ‘‘reverence for our country’s values and legal system.’’ Mr. Frederick states: 
The facts developed in a case matter to him; the legal rules established by legisla-tures and through precedent deserve deep re-spect; and the importance of treating liti-gants, counsel, and colleagues with civility is deeply ingrained in him. 
Therefore, this self-proclaimed ‘‘long-time supporter of Democratic candidates and progressive causes,’’ said that ‘‘the Senate should confirm [Gorsuch] because there is no prin-cipled reason to vote no.’’ Let me repeat that. ‘‘The Senate should confirm him,’’ he said, ‘‘because there is no principled reason to vote no.’’ Unfortunately, some of our Demo-cratic colleagues are trying des-perately to find any excuse to block this nomination. Although this is un-fortunate, it is not surprising. Recall that the Democratic leader stated be-fore Judge Gorsuch was even nomi-nated that he would oppose any person on the President’s long list of qualified candidates, even if it meant keeping the seat open for years. Look, we know that our Democratic friends are under an enormous amount of pressure from some on the far left who want them to ‘‘resist.’’ It is clear that many radical special interest groups simply refuse to accept the re-sults of the election and would like nothing more than to obstruct the seri-ous work before the Senate. We saw the impact that had on the Cabinet confirmation process, which represented a historic level of obstruc-tion. We are seeing the same calls for obstruction now. This much is clear. If our Democratic colleagues choose to hold up this nomi-nee, then, they are acknowledging that they will go to any length—any length—to block any Supreme Court nominee of a Republican President. If Neil Gorsuch can’t be confirmed, there is no nominee of any Republican Presi-dent who our friends on the other side would argue deserves 60 votes. This isn’t about the nominee at all. It isn’t about his background. It isn’t about his temperament. It isn’t about his reputa-tion as a judge. It is about those on the far left who want to prevent our coun-try from moving forward. Judge Gorsuch’s suitability for the appellate court was so noncontrover-sial that not a single Senate Democrat opposed his nomination—not then-Sen-ator Obama, not then-Senators Biden, Clinton, or Kennedy, not even my good friend the Democratic leader—and there is no reason that Judge Gorsuch shouldn’t receive similarly over-whelming bipartisan support now. This is an important moment for our coun-try. I urge each of our colleagues to rise to the moment and together move for-ward with the confirmation of our next Supreme Court Justice, Judge Neil Gorsuch, and give him the up-or-down vote that he deserves. Will the Presiding Officer announce the business of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
PROTOCOL TO THE NORTH ATLAN-TIC TREATY OF 1949 ON THE AC-CESSION OF MONTENEGRO The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of Executive Calendar No. 1, the Montenegro treaty, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Treaty document No. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Ac-cession of Montenegro. 
AMENDMENT NO . 193 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment that is at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 193. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This Treaty shall be effective 1 day after ratification.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 194 TO AMENDMENT NO . 193 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.002 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1983 March 27, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 194 to amendment No. 193. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
RUSSIA AND TRUMP CAMPAIGN INVESTIGATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon on a few topics. First, on the investigation into the Trump campaign’s potential ties to Russia, this is a matter of such gravity, we need to get it right. There should be no doubt about the integrity and impar-tiality of the investigation, either in the executive branch, where the FBI and Department of Justice are looking into it, or in Congress, where the Intel-ligence Committees of both Chambers are conducting an investigation. Unfortunately, the House Intel-ligence Committee has come under a cloud of suspicion and partisanship. A few months ago, Chairman N
UNES  spoke to reporters at the request of the White House to tamp down stories on the links between the Trump campaign and Russia, which is exactly what his committee now must investigate. This past week, Chairman N
UNES broke with the committee process and tradition to brief the President on information he had learned but hadn’t yet shared with the committee. We have learned this morning that Chairman N
UNES was at the White House the day before that event—doing what? We don’t know. It could very well be the case that Chair-man N
UNES was briefing members of the administration about an investiga-tion of which they are the subject. Chairman N
UNES is falling down on the job and seems to be more inter-ested in protecting the President than in seeking the truth. You cannot have the person in charge of an impartial in-vestigation be partial to one side. It is an inherent contradiction, and it un-dermines decades of bipartisan co-operation on the Intelligence Com-mittee, which handles such sensitive information paramount to national se-curity. It undermines Congress as a co-equal branch of government meant to hold the executive branch accountable for its actions, and it corrodes the American people’s confidence in our government. If Speaker RYANwants the House to have a credible investigation, he needs to replace Chairman N
UNES . Congress was meant by the Framers to be sepa-rate and equal, and I sincerely worry that under his direction, Mr. N
UNES is pushing the committee into a direction of obsequiousness and not one that is asking the hard questions and getting the important answers. There has always been a grand tradi-tion of bipartisanship on the Intel-ligence Committee. When Members go into the SCIF, the room where they get secure briefings, they check their par-tisanship at the door. Chairman N
UNES  is right on the edge of doing permanent damage to that grand tradition of bi-partisanship. Chairman N
UNES seems to be more of a partisan for the Presi-dent than an impartial actor. He has not been cooperating like someone who is interested in getting to the unvar-nished truth. His actions look like those of someone who is interested in protecting the President and his party, and that doesn’t work when the goal of the committee is to investigate Russia and its connection to the President and his campaign. Without further ado, Speaker R
YAN should replace Chairman N
UNES . 
TRUMPCARE  
Mr. President, on another matter, the failure of TrumpCare this past Fri-day was a good day for the American people. We can finally put to bed the disaster of a bill that was TrumpCare, which would have resulted in spottier coverage, 24 million fewer Americans with health coverage, and higher costs, premiums, and deductibles for the mid-dle class, the working poor, and older Americans, all to finance close to $600 billion in tax breaks for wealthy Amer-icans. Americans should breathe a sigh of relief that TrumpCare will not be-come law. We are happy that it is gone. We can finally move on. As I have said many times, we Demo-crats, provided our Republican col-leagues drop ‘‘replace’’ and stop under-mining the ACA, are willing to work with our Republican friends to improve the existing law. No one ever said the Affordable Care Act was perfect. We have ideas to improve it; hopefully, our colleagues on the Republican side do as well. I hope once ‘‘replace’’ is dropped and the ACA is no longer undermined by the administration, we can sit down and talk about it. Unfortunately, the administration has already done several things that undermine the law and hurt the people. During the final weeks of open enroll-ment, the Trump administration dis-continued the public advertising cam-paigns that encouraged people to sign up for insurance. The administration is working behind the scenes to give in-surers flexibility to offer Americans less coverage for the healthcare they need, and the Executive order that President Trump issued directing agen-cies to facilitate the repeal and re-placement of the ACA has destabilized the marketplace. Now that TrumpCare is off the table, the President should rescind the Executive order. Today, I am urging the President and his entire administration to imme-diately cease all efforts to undermine the ACA. People’s lives are at stake. The President should not hope that the healthcare system for tens of mil-lions explodes. He should not want pre-miums to go up on his watch. He should not hope that Americans lose treatment for opioid addiction on his watch. This approach is wrong, and wrong in two ways: First and foremost, it is wrong because it hurts people. The President must be a leader. It is not leadership for the President to hurt people and actively work to undermine our Nation’s healthcare system simply because he is angry that he didn’t get his way on repealing the ACA. That is not Presidential, that is petulance. Secondly, this approach will not work politically. Donald Trump is no longer an outsider; he is President. The American people are looking to him to help solve their problems. If he doesn’t, it is going to hurt him and his party. Pointing the finger of blame isn’t going to solve anyone’s problems. That strat-egy is not only bad for the American people and beneath the Presidency, it will backfire politically. He is in charge. People want him to make their lives better, not make them worse be-cause of some political anger or ven-detta. I know many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle do care deeply about fixing the Nation’s healthcare problems, and we are ready to do that with them in a bipartisan way. But, of course, repeal must be taken off the table, and the President must stop hurting citizens by undermining the Affordable Care Act. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, finally, on tax issues, now that the jig is finally up on healthcare, our Republican friends have signaled they will turn to taxes. I hope they have learned the lessons of TrumpCare. One of the reasons TrumpCare failed so spectacularly was that Republicans tried to rush and ram it through via a reconciliation process, even though it was deeply unpopular with the public. The last poll showed only 17 percent of Americans supported TrumpCare, so that means a large number even of Trump supporters were opposed to it. Why was it so unpopular? Probably because TrumpCare would have given the wealthiest among us a monster tax cut while hammering older Americans and the middle class with higher costs for less care. So I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle: If you try to pass a Republican tax plan using the same reconciliation method in order to get a huge tax break for the wealthy and al-ready profitable and powerful corpora-tions, it will fail. The American people are not crying out for tax breaks on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.004 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1984 March 27, 2017 
the wealthiest Americans. God bless the wealthy. They are doing just fine without the tax breaks, but thus far it seems our Republican colleagues are headed in that direction. Even though the President cam-paigned as a populist, his administra-tion has been all hard-right, pro-cor-porate, pro-special interests, totally against the working people. If the President and Republicans in Congress continue in that direction, proposing policies that shift burdens off the wealthy and powerful, not aiming to help the middle class and working fam-ilies, their efforts will continue to fail, and it will turn tax reform into a par-tisan issue. The White House says tax reform isn’t partisan, but it surely will be if they propose massive tax cuts only for the wealthy. My prediction: If Republicans go down that road, the Re-publican tax scheme will meet the same fate as TrumpCare. I hope they will not go down that road; I hope they will not. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BORDER ADJUSTMENT TAX  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, last week TrumpCare died, and lots of peo-ple are trying to figure out exactly what happened. In my view, it was not a lack of strategy; it was not a lack of effort; it was not a lack of personal re-lationship between the Speaker and the President. It died because the policy stank. It died because people actually— left, right, and center—decided that cutting Medicaid by $900 billion in order to provide a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans of the exact same amount was just not a good idea in policy or in politics. Now that TrumpCare has crashed and burned, Republicans are essentially going to try to do the same thing—tax cuts for the rich. Yet, this time, in-stead of funding it by cutting Medicaid, they are going to charge people more for groceries. Here is their proposal: They want to cut taxes for corpora-tions again. That is what they want to do. Whether one is talking about infra-structure or whether one is talking about healthcare or whether one is talking about so-called tax reform, their solution to everything is to cut taxes for corporations. They want to cut taxes for corporations again, but this time American families will pay for it through taxes on groceries and the other stuff they have to buy on a day-to-day basis. We have seen this before. It is a give-away for corporations and the wealthi-est among us, but, as usual, they have to find a pay-for, a way to make the arithmetic work, a way to pay for it. They are going to keep proposing so- called solutions for healthcare, infra-structure, or in this case tax reform, but they are basically the same pro-posal. It is a subsidy for Wall Street. It is because they cannot help them-selves. This particular giveaway will cost the average American family thou-sands of dollars. Families will have to pay more for gas, medicine, clothes, cars, food. That is how a so-called bor-der adjustment tax works. Everything one buys in the United States will be taxed, and everything outside of the United States will not be taxed. The sort of principle behind that is that somehow we are going to stimulate ex-ports and disincentivize imports. It is not just that you are paying more on the stuff that is imported; it is that ev-erything in the United States that you purchase you will have to pay more for in order to incentivize exports. But all you are doing is charging the American people more. This is essentially a sales tax. I talked to members of my staff, and they were trying to get into the sort of technocratic, legal details about whether it is technically a sales tax or a value-added tax or a border adjust-ment tax that fits into some other legal category. But for a regular per-son, it does not matter what you call it; if you pay more and the government is collecting it, it is an increase in taxes. They are going to dazzle you with complexity, and I think some in the House Republican leadership are very skillful at trying to make this more complicated than it is. They are trying to dazzle you with complexity so you do not know what they are doing. They are raising taxes on groceries and all of the stuff you buy. That is their version of tax reform. I can understand. The Tax Code is awful, it is a mess, and we have been trying to do tax reform for I think 30 years. It is not unreasonable for the av-erage American to say ‘‘Yes, you ought to reform the Tax Code,’’ but, remem-ber, when they talk tax reform, they want you to have to go to the store and buy a steak, a hotdog, a head of let-tuce, gasoline, pillows, diapers, paper— whatever you need—and it is going to cost more with so-called tax reform. If they succeed, the average American family could pay up to $1,700 more per year in order that corporations can get their tax cuts. Think about what $1,700 means for families across the country. For a family of four, with two kids in middle school, $1,700 pays for a few months’ worth of groceries. In Hawaii, $1,700 will cover rent for a month, and in lots of other places, it will cover rent for 4 or 5 months. For some peo-ple, it pays a year’s worth of an elec-tric bill. In the State of Hawaii, it will pay for 4 or 5 months of your electric bill. We know for certain this will hurt consumers, but on a macroeconomic level—in other words, for the entire country—we have no idea what a bor-der adjustment tax would actually do in terms of our international relation-ships. I understand. I voted against the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the trade promotion authority. I have been very, very concerned about the extent to which we have not been getting the better of these trade deals, especially when it comes to people who are in unions across the country. But we do not want to engage in a trade war. We do not want to screw up American manufacturing, American farming. We have no idea what the impact would be. Even if one is willing to accept increas-ing the cost of goods in the United States for some theoretical possibility that this will incentivize exports, we have no idea what it is going to do to the American economy overall. Even in the best-case scenario, entire indus-tries will fall apart. Take tourism. In 2016 alone, tourism supported nearly 5.5 million American jobs directly and almost 10 million more in industries like restaurants and retail. The tourism industry pumps $2.6 billion into our economy every day. That is more than $30,000 per second. I will say one other thing about tour-ism. As we worry about automation, as we worry about artificial intelligence, as we worry about a global economy that is going to eviscerate some of our core industries, tourism is one thing that cannot be taken away from us. If people want to go to Los Angeles, if people want to go to Cleveland, if peo-ple want to go to Hawaii, if people want to go to St. Louis, MO, or Kansas City, MO, or Florida, these are jobs that cannot be taken away. So if you want to infuse cash into an economy, create a tourism economy—all of these jobs and all of this revenue will be under threat if this works out the way they want it to work out because the dollar will be so strong that Americans will want to travel abroad and for-eigners will want to travel far, far away from us. Why are we punishing consumers and small businesses? Why are we putting entire industries at risk? House Repub-licans will tell you it is because they think the corporate tax is too high, but here is the truth: Right now, major corporations have huge teams of tax lawyers who set up fake shell compa-nies so that they get around paying Federal taxes at all, or they abuse loopholes to drastically lower what they owe to the U.S. Government. That is why we see some corporations that end up paying zero dollars in Federal income tax year after year even though they are making a healthy profit in the United States. Together, Republicans and Demo-crats should be going after these tax dodgers. Instead of just getting rid of loopholes, they have decided to tax consumers. This makes no sense, and that is why we have to stop it. Last week, we saved healthcare for 24 million Americans because people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.006 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1985 March 27, 2017 
across the country of all political per-suasions stood up to fight. This week, the fight goes on. Once again, far too many people are in the crosshairs. I be-lieve strongly that so long as we con-tinue to stand together, we can win this one too. A huge tax cut for the wealthy cannot be funded by increasing the cost of groceries. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF JUDGE NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, earlier today in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, we considered the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve as the next Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. According to Judiciary Com-mittee practice, that nomination was held over for a week, which means that Judge Gorsuch will be voted out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on April 3, and it will be available for floor ac-tion thereafter. As the Nation—and perhaps even the world—knows, we held lengthy hear-ings last week to review his qualifica-tions, his experience, and his approach to judging. I have to say that he really impressed everybody who approached this whole issue with an open mind about whether he was qualified to serve on the High Court. But unfortunately, as those of us who work in the Senate know, there has already been a threat by the Democratic leader to filibuster his nomination. It is really important for the country to recall that there has never been a successful partisan filibuster of a nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court. Sometimes people want to talk about Abe Fortas in 1968, but ultimately Abe Fortas, who was nominated to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court by his friend and mentor, Lyndon Johnson, asked to withdraw his nomination after one failed cloture vote and ulti-mately ended up resigning from the Su-preme Court of the United States in disgrace. It is hardly a precedent for what Democrats have said they are going to do with regard to this good man and this good judge, Neil Gorsuch. I understand my friend the Demo-cratic leader has a tough job. He has a split caucus—those who want to take Democrats over the ledge and those who would like to try to find some way to work out a reasonable accommoda-tion. Unfortunately, he is under a lot of pressure from the radical groups on the left to do whatever he can to tank this superb nominee. Again, this would be unprecedented in American history. It is true that Democrats in 2013 did the so-called nuclear option, which has established a new precedent in the Sen-ate with regard to lower court judges— circuit court judges and district court judges—along with Cabinet nominees. Ironically, the so-called Reid precedent of 2013 has kind of come back to bite them a little bit, as President Trump now has been able to see all of his Cabi-net members confirmed with 51 votes, or, in the case of one, 50 plus the Vice President. I was glad to see a quote from a re-port in a Vermont publication from our friend the senior Senator from Vermont, the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, in which he said he wasn’t inclined to filibuster the nomination of Judge Gorsuch and that he deserves a minimum of an up-or- down vote. So I hope others will follow the lead of Senator LEAHY , who has been in the Senate a long time in the majority and in the minority. He real-izes it is important to maintain a cer-tain level of tradition and decorum here in the Senate, because usually what goes around comes around. Unfor-tunately, this new precedent of filibus-tering Supreme Court Justices, if al-lowed to happen, is going to continue to be very damaging to the Senate and even to the country. I hope he is still of that same mind— that he is not inclined to filibuster the nomination of Judge Gorsuch. If he takes that position, I know he will in-fluence a lot of colleagues on the other side of the aisle because of his distin-guished record of service in the Senate and in the Judiciary Committee. I look forward to the committee ap-proving Judge Gorsuch’s nomination next week and then taking that nomi-nation up on the Senate floor and con-firming the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to serve as the next Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. President, last week, a lot of at-tention was focused on the House of Representatives and their efforts to fix our Nation’s healthcare system. We have said for a long time that ObamaCare needs to be repealed and replaced. I stand by that comment, and I know many of our colleagues do as well. But I want to make something else clear. The failure of ObamaCare isn’t a problem for Democrats or Re-publicans alone. It is a problem for the entire country, and particularly those who find their premiums going up by double digits every year, their deductibles unaffordable, or even choices drying up because insurance companies simply have withdrawn from the individual market. Our col-leagues on the Democratic side have repeatedly recognized the problems with ObamaCare, even though they pushed it through on a partisan vote 7 years ago. The fact of the matter is that the President promised: If you like your healthcare policy, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor; and, premiums for a fam-ily of four will go down by an average of $2,500. None of that has proven to be true. People were misled into believing that ObamaCare would somehow be the gold standard for healthcare in the country, and people are being hurt now by high premiums, high deductibles, and fewer choices. Indeed, 30 million people remain uninsured in this coun-try because of the cost or the fact that they just decide that they don’t want to buy government-mandated healthcare. They either pay a penalty through the IRS or they simply get a hardship exemption. There are 30 mil-lion people currently uninsured, more or less, under ObamaCare. I want to remind our colleagues on the other side that they understand ObamaCare needs some work, and many of them have made repeated calls to fix it. Last year, for example, the junior Senator from Wisconsin said of ObamaCare: There were things obviously that need per-fecting, need revisiting. Even if it were per-fect, over time we would have to make adap-tations, and so I think we would absolutely want to strengthen it. 
Not even our colleague, the junior Senator from Wisconsin, is saying ObamaCare is delivering 100 percent on the promise. She is saying it needs some work. The senior Senator from Indiana has echoed this sentiment. He said: 
I supported the Affordable Care Act be-cause I wanted to help working- and middle- class families to have access to healthcare. That doesn’t mean the law is perfect, and it doesn’t mean that we don’t still have work to do. That’s why I’m working with my col-leagues to make this bill stronger. 
We haven’t seen any proposals from our friends across the aisle on how to fix the law, which they concede is far from perfect. Instead, what we have seen is their standing back, watching Republicans trying to do this by our-selves and coming up short last week in the House of Representatives. To my mind, that is not commendable behav-ior on their part. I thought we all came here to the U.S. Senate to try to do things and fix problems for the con-stituents we represent. It is purely par-tisan to say: We know ObamaCare is falling apart, and it is not delivering as we promised. And, oh yes, you Repub-licans can try to fix it, but if you don’t have the votes to do it, we are just going to sit back and applaud or react with glee from a partisan perspective because our political opponents some-how came up short when it came to the votes in the House. The truth is, ObamaCare didn’t bring massive relief for working- and middle- class Americans. For many, it made life more difficult with skyrocketing premiums, losing their plans and the doctors they wanted, and having fewer options to choose from. I will quote one of our colleagues on the other side of the isle, the junior Senator from North Dakota. Her website says: ‘‘With any major legisla-tion, there are improvements that need to be made so that it works as well as possible, and that holds true for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.007 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1986 March 27, 2017 
healthcare reform law,’’ speaking of ObamaCare. She goes on to say that she is com-mitted to ‘‘correcting the parts of the healthcare reform law that do not make sense, improve on others, and im-plement new ideas to improve on healthcare costs and improve quality.’’ I am grateful to our colleague from North Dakota for her honesty and open take on where things stand with re-spect to ObamaCare, but that is just a start. What we need to do now is work together to try to address the failings of ObamaCare where it is not deliv-ering as promised and where even our colleagues across the aisle have said that it needs to be fixed in order to make sure that people have access to affordable, accessible quality healthcare. They don’t have that now. My point is that ObamaCare was a bill sold to the American people under false pretenses by the previous admin-istration, and it has proved to be a dis-aster for many people. I was reading an article—I think it was either in the Washington Post or the New York Times today—about a woman in Texas who runs a hair care salon and who has intentionally kept her number of em-ployees under the threshold under which ObamaCare’s employer mandate would be invoked. So rather than spending time focusing on growing her business and improving her business, she has consciously kept it smaller, with fewer employees, because she knows that the burden of complying with the ObamaCare employer mandate will ultimately make her business less profitable. And when her business is less profitable, it means she can hire fewer people and perhaps can’t pay the wages or the benefits she would like to pay her employees. So I would just say to our colleagues across the aisle that I understand you think you had a pretty good day last week when the Republicans couldn’t pass the healthcare plan on their own in the House, but I don’t think this is a time for people to enjoy other peo-ple’s failed efforts to try to improve the status quo. It is a mandate, I be-lieve, for all of us to work together to address the flaws that we know exist— that they admitted exist—to try to do better when it comes to affordable, ac-cessible healthcare for the American people. This law will fail. Insurance compa-nies will withdraw from the market, and the individual market serving roughly 18 million people will literally dry up and go away. Imagine how those families are going to be impacted. I wouldn’t want to be somebody who said: Well, I had an opportunity to fix it; yes, I had an opportunity to address your concerns when it came to afford-able healthcare, but for partisan polit-ical reasons, I simply stood down and did nothing and literally washed my hands of it. So before this law collapses—and it will—I hope our colleagues across the aisle will start offering their ideas and their solutions to bring better healthcare to families across the coun-try. That is what I think our constitu-ents expect of us. That is in the finest tradition of the U.S. Senate, and our constituents deserve no less. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I am pleased that in the Senate we are about to take a vote on ratifying the protocol of the accession of Montenegro to NATO. What I wanted to do was to take a few moments to explain to people why I think this is an important vote and an important moment for our security as a nation but also to protect our in-terests abroad and that of our allies. We all know that NATO—the North Atlantic Treaty Organization—was started right after World War II. It was primarily designed in the Cold War to confront the threats posed by the So-viet Union and its allies in the Warsaw Pact. Of course those threats have changed since the end of that Cold War. Here is what hasn’t changed. What hasn’t changed is the need for America and her allies in a strong way to re-main engaged in the world. That need has not changed. What has not changed is the need for democracies to be able to come together and collectively de-fend not just their interests but the in-terests of all people around the world where freedom is threatened. The dif-ficult, painful lesson of history is that dictators and tyrants are never pleased with what they have. They always want more. They always need more. That is why it is so important that those nations on Earth—luckily and in a blessed way, more people than ever before find themselves living in soci-eties where the people get to choose their leaders. These alliances we have around the world—NATO being chief among them—help advance our strategic and economic interests, but most impor-tantly, they help to keep our country safe. There is a lot of talk about how much countries are paying into NATO, and it is true that the United States is by far the largest contributor to NATO. I think that is a combination of two things: one, decisions that were made by some of our allies in Europe on how they want to spend their government’s money, and the other is just the reality that we are the United States of Amer-ica, and as the United States of Amer-ica, we will always find that we are al-ways making a disproportionate share and contribution on everything, from global aid to fight off hunger and dis-ease, to collective security. While we can urge our allies, encour-age our allies, and ask our allies to make a greater contribution to their own defense, we should not fall into the trap of diminishing what they are doing and what they have done. First of all, in Europe today, many of our NATO allies are increasing their defense spending. They are doing so in response to Russia’s aggression in Ukraine and its increased aggression elsewhere in the region. Their soldiers are joining ours in deploying to Central and Eastern Europe to reassure our al-lies who are facing aggression and po-tential aggression from Vladimir Putin. With all this talk about NATO and money and how much everyone is giv-ing, I think it is important to take a moment to also understand that our NATO allies have fought beside us and have died beside Americans in Afghani-stan, where more than 1,100 soldiers of the NATO-led coalition paid the ulti-mate price with their lives. It is impor-tant to note this because on September 11, 2001, Paris was not attacked, Berlin was not attacked, and London was not attacked on that horrible day; yet these nations and others, our partners, invoked a shared commitment that led them to stand beside us on the other side of the world in an effort to prevent another attack like September 11 from taking place again on American soil or anywhere in the world. Montenegro is not even a member of NATO yet. Yet it sent hundreds of serv-icemembers to join the American-led coalition in Afghanistan. I have always argued that when our alliances, such as NATO, are under pressure from our potential adversaries and foes, we need to continue to expand and allow countries that meet the standards set by the alliance to join. That has never been more important than it is now, given the uncertainty and security challenges we face in Eu-rope, especially as Vladimir Putin con-tinues his aggression and continues to threaten stability in the region. To be frank, Putin would love noth-ing more than to destroy NATO. In fact, you can see him trying to do that on a regular basis. He has tried to di-vide these countries, turn them against each other. He supports candidates throughout Europe who would take their countries out of NATO, con-stantly calling into question its viabil-ity. Vladimir Putin wants countries like Montenegro to remain in his sphere of influence and what I would call his sphere of threat, as his recent attempts to deploy his asymmetrical tools to influence Montenegrin politics have shown. That is why it is so impor-tant that we are moving to ratify Montenegro’s access to NATO and to strengthen our relationship with Mon-tenegro through NATO. As the Senate and as a country, we are sending a clear message to Vladi-mir Putin that we will not accept the establishment of a Russian sphere of influence over countries that desire to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.009 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1987 March 27, 2017 
ally themselves with the free and democratic community of nations. Today, I have tried to refrain from using the term ‘‘Russian’’ sphere of in-fluence or ‘‘Russia’’ because the fact is, as I said to someone earlier today or yesterday, there is a difference between Russia and Vladimir Putin, and the events of the last 48 hours remind us of that. We are watching as many Rus-sians who also desire to join the com-munity of nations have turned out in cities and in places across Moscow and in other places in the thousands. They have turned out to protest the rampant corruption that fuels the Putin regime. And the Putin regime, as all totali-tarian regimes do, has cracked down. They have arrested and detained hun-dreds of peaceful protesters. I ask you to compare that to Montenegro, whose membership in NATO will help the United States and Montenegro deepen our already strong bilateral relation-ship. The stakes here are extraordinarily high for the United States and for our European allies. The Senate needs to send a strong message of solidarity with those in Europe who are standing up to the anti-democratic tactics of Vladimir Putin and his cronies. That is why today I will be proud to cast my vote in support of Montenegro’s accession into NATO, and I hope my colleagues here in the Senate will do the same and join me in doing so as well. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTHCARE  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, last week Republicans in Congress came within an inch of ripping health insur-ance away from 24 million people in order to give tax breaks to rich people. That collapsed, and it collapsed be-cause the American people stood up and said no—no to kicking seniors out of nursing homes, no to booting kids with rare diseases off of their treat-ments, no to gutting funding for opioid addiction. All across this country—in every cor-ner of this country—for months people spoke up about how the Affordable Care Act and Medicaid are saving their lives and saving their families from fi-nancial ruin. They poured their hearts out, they raised their voices, and they demanded to be heard. Last week they won. The collapse of the Republicans’ cruel scheme is a huge relief to mil-lions of people in this country, but I am not here to celebrate. I am here to warn the American people about what is coming next, because instead of lis-tening to the American people about what they want, the President of the United States has threatened to sabo-tage healthcare in America. It isn’t subtle. One hour after the Republicans admitted they didn’t have the votes in Congress to destroy the Affordable Care Act, President Trump sat behind his desk in the Oval Office and told the entire Nation that he wants to trigger a meltdown of our healthcare system because he thinks that would be help-ful to him politically. Just so there is no confusion, I want to quote him word for word. He said: ‘‘The best thing we can do, politically speaking, is let ObamaCare explode.’’ Now let’s be clear. It is deeply wrong for the President of the United States—whose one and only job is to look out for the American people—to root for the failure of our country’s healthcare system. It is deeply wrong for the President of the United States to announce that he is going to drag down our entire healthcare sector—a sector that accounts for more than one-sixth of the entire U.S. economy— just so he can stand on top of the wreckage and waggle his fingers and say: I told you so. Healthcare for millions of Americans is not a game. It is not entertainment. It is not a reality TV show. Healthcare is literally life and death, and it touch-es everyone in this country from elder-ly grandparents to tiny babies. President Trump is responsible for making healthcare in this country work. It is his job. He is President of the United States. His party controls both Houses of Congress. A legitimate President doesn’t clap and cheer when things get worse for the American peo-ple. A legitimate President doesn’t pound his chest about sabotaging the health and security of the American people because it is politically expe-dient. A legitimate President does his job. The President’s admission that he wants our healthcare system to col-lapse is a dangerous sign of where things are headed. For 7 years Repub-licans in Congress have rooted against healthcare in this country, cheering every stumble and working at every turn to hobble the law and make it harder for people to get affordable in-surance. President Trump cannot re-peal the Affordable Care Act on his own, but he can strip healthcare from millions of Americans and make it too expensive for millions more. He can do that all on his own. In fact, he is al-ready working on it. A few days after he took office, Presi-dent Trump signed an Executive order directing his agency to use every tool at their disposal to try to disrupt the Affordable Care Act. In January, he also pulled down government’s efforts to get more people signed up for health insurance. Why? So fewer people would use the health exchanges, fewer would get insurance, and premiums would go up for those who did sign up—all in an effort to make ObamaCare fail. Senator P
ATTY MURRAY and I asked the inspector general at the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to investigate this reckless move, and now an independent investigation has been launched into this despicable inci-dent. But the President has more tools at his disposal to undercut the Afford-able Care Act all by himself. The Presi-dent can redefine what insurance plans have to cover, stripping out critical benefits like birth control coverage. The President can withhold payments that insurers rely on to keep private health plans affordable. The President can allow States to put new conditions on Medicaid, conditions like taking away healthcare coverage if a woman doesn’t get back to work soon enough after giving birth. If the President decides to launch an all-out effort to sabotage American healthcare so he can manufacture a crisis to score political points, he can hurt a lot of people. But there is a better way. If Repub-licans want to work on ideas to actu-ally improve healthcare in America, to expand coverage, to expand access, or to reduce premiums and out-of-pocket costs, I am eager to throw up my sleeves and go to work. For years, Mas-sachusetts has led the Nation in bipar-tisan health reform. We have lots to contribute on this, and lots of other Democrats are ready to get to work, too. The American people aren’t stupid. They know the difference between a bill that kicks 24 million people off of their health insurance and a bill that actually improves care. They know the difference between a President who fights to make health care better and a President who plans to sabotage healthcare. They know the difference between a fireman and an arsonist. If this President and this Congress con-tinue to play politics with the lives of millions of people, I promise you that the American people will see it, they will know it, and they will rise up once again to fight it. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I take the floor to urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on in-voking cloture on the issue of Montenegro’s admittance into NATO. I would point out that 25 of the 28 na-tions in NATO have already voted in favor of Montenegro’s accession into NATO. Only the United States, Spain, and the Netherlands have yet to weigh in. I would like to point out that Montenegro’s admittance into NATO is a critical test of the alliances’s open- door policy. I don’t ask my colleagues to take my word for it. I would just like to point out that our Supreme Al-lied Commander in Europe, General Curtis Scaparrotti, last week declared that Montenegro’s accession into NATO is ‘‘absolutely critical,’’ that they have had this desire. They have met the map, and they understand NATO’S outreach and ability to bring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.010 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1988 March 27, 2017 
in those who want to determine their own means of government and become part of NATO. If we were to lose this, it would be a setback to many of the other nations and peoples, particularly in Eastern Europe, who were looking forward to and have their eyes on the West and be-coming part of NATO. I would point out to my colleagues that the Russians attach some impor-tance to Montenegro because they tried a coup to overthrow the govern-ment. The Russians tried a coup to overthrow the government of this small, beautiful, and strategically im-portant nation. I would just point out that our Sec-retary of State, Rex Tillerson, wrote a letter urging Montenegro’s member-ship to be ratified, saying that it was ‘‘strongly in the interests of the United States.’’ In his letter he strongly em-phasized that Montenegro’s accession to NATO would support greater inte-gration, democratic reform, trade, and security and stability in the entire Bal-kans region. I won’t take too much time in the Senate except to say that I think this is more than an accession or non-acces-sion of a small 750,000-person nation. It is a test in this contest that we are now engaged in with Vladimir Putin, who has committed to extending the reach and influence of the Russian Government and Russian influence to the point where he attempted a coup to overthrow the freely elected govern-ment of Montenegro. That coup failed, but I can assure my colleagues that if we turn down Montenegro, it will not remain the democracy that it is today. General Breedlove, who is our former commander in Europe said: 
Montenegro is a very strategic place. Can you imagine A2/AD Bubbles in Montenegro? 
I urge my colleagues for a resounding ‘‘aye’’ vote in bringing cloture to an end and bringing Montenegro into the community of NATO, which is needed more now than at any time since the end of the Cold War. I, also, by the way, recommend to my colleagues a visit to, really, one of the more beau-tiful countries on Earth. I yield for the Senator from South Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina is recognized. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, for one, I want to let the people of Montenegro know that this day has been a long time coming. We would not be here had it not been for Senator M
CCAIN’s con-stant, persuasive, passionate voice, and this day has finally arrived in the Sen-ate. As to Senator M
CCONNELL , I want to thank him for making floor time. I re-gret we had to do it this way, but when one Senator objects, then, it puts the pressure on the rest of us. One Senator can stop legislation like this. It was one Senator, and he has every right to do so. But I want to thank Senator M
CCONNELL for putting aside floor time so that we can vote in the Senate to allow Montenegro to be a part of NATO. Senator MCCAIN has traveled the world as much as anybody I know. I have been to Montenegro with him at least once, if not twice. It is a beautiful place. They share our values. They want to move forward in terms of their democracy. They want to be part of NATO. They want to be part of free markets. They want the rule of law to replace the rule of the gun. Montenegro is trying to do everything that Putin hates—where you can actually vote for your own leaders, where you can have a judicial system that works, where peo-ple can walk the streets without fear, and where the leadership doesn’t steal the country blind. I want to let the people of Russia know—for those who went into the streets yesterday or the day before to protest the corruption of the Putin re-gime—that you have my undying re-spect and admiration, because I can only imagine how hard that was. For the people of Montenegro, I know they have been waiting a long time for this day to come because Russia and, generally, Putin have been trying to overthrow their government. To those people in this body who pro-claim they are for freedom and liberty, here is what I suggest. If you are not for other people’s freedom and other people’s liberty, you will eventually lose yours. The idea that we can be safe and free and not engage the world and sit on the sidelines and watch people like Putin turn the world order upside down and not be affected is at best naive. It is worse than naive, but I want to be nice and say it is just naive. What Putin is doing throughout the world is trying to break the backs of the world order, NATO, and the Euro-pean Union. He is trying to drive a wedge between the NATO countries, and he will be the biggest beneficiary of that. He is trying to break the back of the European Union. Alliances of de-mocracy are his worst nightmare. This is a huge step in the right direction. I want to thank Senator M
CCAINfor being the most consistent voice in this body, and Senators M
CCONNELL and S
CHUMER for allowing this vote. But our work is not done because it is one thing to vote in favor of Montenegro’s entering NATO over Russia’s objec-tions. That is not enough. Senator M
CCAINand myself, Senators C ARDIN  and R
UBIO—Democrats and Repub-licans—all have crafted legislation to punish Russia for interfering in our elections. And they did. They are try-ing to break the backs of democracy in Ukraine, Georgia, and the Baltic na-tions. I hope the next thing we do in this body, in short order, on Russia is to punish them for their efforts to interfere and change and destabilize American democracy. I don’t think they changed the outcome, but it was the Russians who did this to the Demo-cratic Party, and I think every Repub-lican should be equally offended. I hope we can find some time on the floor, starting in the committee, to pass a Russia sanctions bill that, I be-lieve, would get 80 votes. This is a great step in the right direction for people in Montenegro. It is a rebuke of Putin, but it is not enough. Again, I thank Senator MCCAINfor his leadership toward the people in Montenegro, and I know he has been worried about what is happening in America. I hope he finds some comfort in what we are doing here today. I hope the rest of the world, particu-larly Europe, which is in the crosshairs of Putin, will understand that America is coming back and it is coming back strongly. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from South Carolina, par-ticularly on the issue of Russian sanc-tions. Yesterday, we saw the people of Rus-sia, particularly the younger people, demonstrating peacefully in the streets of the cities and towns throughout Russia in order to protest the corrup-tion and dictatorship of Vladimir Putin. At the time, the leader of the opposition was jailed. He was in the process of putting together a study that showed that Medvedev, who was Putin’s puppet, was one of the wealthi-est people on Earth. I was heartened by the willingness and the courage of the people of Russia to stand up and protest a corrupt, dic-tatorial, and brutal government that, unfortunately, they are saddled with. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, one of my chief responsibilities as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee is to help protect the men, women, and institutions that keep America safe, including not only the State Department but the North Atlan-tic Treaty Alliance. NATO was founded in 1949 as an alli-ance that was committed to the collec-tive defense of its members—that an attack on one constitutes an attack on all. The alliance’s self-defense clause has only been invoked once, after 9/11, when our allies deployed with us to Af-ghanistan. Our militaries, in their working to-gether, allow NATO to function. NATO members have committed to spending 2 percent of their GDPs on their mili-taries, but only the United Kingdom, Estonia, Poland, Greece, and the United States currently hit that goal. While the other members are working on growing their defense budgets, I have long held the belief that they must do so faster. Regardless, part of what makes NATO great is its open doors. States that are interested in becoming allies are encouraged to join the Partnership for Peace. When those states then meet the criteria for membership, they are welcomed into the alliance. This process is exactly what occurred with Montenegro. Just after becoming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.013 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1989 March 27, 2017 
an independent country in June of 2006, Montenegro joined the Partnership for Peace in December 2006. Exactly 3 years later, Montenegro obtained its Membership Action Plan. Six years after that, NATO recognized that Mon-tenegro had met all of the necessary standards for membership and invited the country to begin talks to become part of the alliance. Then, in May of 2016, NATO’s Foreign Ministers signed the protocol to formally open the way for Montenegro to join. As of today, every other NATO member has already ratified this treaty and Montenegro’s inclusion. Beyond such procedural steps, Mon-tenegro has long been contributing to shared security challenges. For exam-ple, Montenegro actively supported the NATO-led operation in Afghanistan from 2010 until its end in 2014 and now is supporting the follow-on mission to train, advise, and assist Afghan secu-rity forces. It is important to note that Montenegro has taken these steps de-spite Russia’s best efforts to undermine their progress every step of the way. I thank Senator B
ENCARDIN ; the Eu-rope and Regional Security Coopera-tion Subcommittee chairman, R
ON J
OHNSON ; and my other colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee for their support and construc-tive work during this process. We have moved this treaty ratifica-tion twice now—once in the last Con-gress and again in January—to dem-onstrate our commitment to NATO and to Montenegro. I also thank Senator M
CCAIN, both as a former member of our committee as well as the chair of the Armed Services Committee, for his unwavering support in bringing Montenegro into the alli-ance. Lastly, on behalf of the committee, I urge all of my colleagues to support this treaty amendment that serves American security interests for a strong NATO. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, President Trump said in his inaugural address that we have defended other nations’ borders while refusing to defend our own. I think he was right. Today, the question is, Will we add another com-mitment to defend yet another foreign country? For decades, NATO has been an orga-nization in which the United States disproportionately spends our blood and our treasure. The other NATO countries have largely hitched a ride on a U.S. train that subsidizes their de-fenses and allows them to direct their revenues to their own domestic con-cerns. In short, Uncle Sam is the Uncle Patsy for the rest of the world. The question today is, Will adding to NATO another country with fewer than 2,000 soldiers be in our self-interest? It has fewer than 2,000 soldiers and is a small country in a distant part of the world. Will they make you sleep safer at night? The answer is an emphatic no. There is no national security interest that an alliance with Montenegro will advance. If we invite Montenegro into NATO, it will be a one-way street, with the United States committing to de-fending yet another country and with you, the taxpayer, being stuck with the bill. Even the advocates of Montenegro’s joining NATO admit as much. The Sen-ate hearing on admitting Montenegro to NATO was really just a punching session about Russia. Not one word was said about allowing Montenegro into NATO or how it would advance our own national security. We were going to send a message to Russia. Even the citizens of Montenegro are divided on this. About half of them want to be in NATO, and the other half does not want to be in NATO. But it is not really about them; it is about us. Is admitting Montenegro to NATO good for us? Our national secu-rity is our national security. Is Monte-negro going to defend the United States? Are they of any importance to our national security or, perhaps, will they entangle us in local, historic, re-gional conflicts in the area? We must ask: Is Montenegro an asset to the defense of the United States? That is the question at hand. The answer is a simple one. Admit-ting Montenegro to NATO will do noth-ing to advance our national security, and it will do everything to simply add another small country to NATO’s wel-fare wagon. Advocates for expanding NATO be-lieve that, unless the whole world joins NATO, Russia will conquer the world, but the truth is more nuanced. During the Cold War, the myth of Russian might was endlessly circulated here at home, and the effect was the produc-tion of endless munitions and ever-ex-panding debt. You are still paying the tab for that. The Cold War ended, and the Soviet Union failed, not because our military might overcame them but because our economic system outlasted them. They were defeated. Capitalism defeated socialism. If there is one message that Ameri-cans should get, it is that capitalism is stronger than socialism. We should not flirt with political leaders in our coun-try who promote what caused the So-viet Union to fail. Now we are told we must fear Russia again—fear the Russian bear. Yet, if you look closely, you will see that Rus-sian aggression around the world and particularly around the former Soviet satellites is an attempt to mask a weak economy that runs the same risk of overextension that caused the Soviet Empire to collapse. Russia is weak. Russia is weak because of corruption, oligarchy, and human rights abuses. If Russia continues on this path, it may well encounter the same cataclysm that brought down the Soviet Empire. Without question, Russia is an adver-sary, a country that ignores inter-national norms, does not respect the territorial integrity of its neighbors. Yet someone must ask: Is it in our na-tional interest to insist that countries of the former Soviet Union be in NATO? The debate today is not just about Montenegro. The same cheerleaders for Montenegro’s being in NATO want Ukraine in NATO and want Georgia in NATO. This is about NATO’s expansion in general, and this is a chance to have a real debate. If both Ukraine and Georgia were in NATO today, we would be involved in a world war with Russia. Shouldn’t someone speak up? Shouldn’t we have some sort of national debate before we commit our sons and daughters to war in a faraway land? One thing is for certain: Russia will always care more about those lands than we will. Does that make Russian aggression right? Absolutely not. Our decision—the decision at hand— is: Are we willing to send our sons and daughters to fight in border disputes over Montenegro? Most Americans couldn’t find Montenegro on the map. Are you willing to send your kids there to fight? That is what this is about, and this is sluffed over. They are going to forbid amendments. I forced this debate. No-body wanted to have this debate. They want to rubberstamp it. They want no debates, and they want to send your kids to war with no debate. Today, they will pass this over my objections, but they will allow no amendments. When I finish this speech, I will ask for an amendment, and it will be denied because they do not want to debate whether your sons and daughters go to war. I find that appalling. I am ashamed of a Senate that will not have a debate and will not have a vote. From the very beginning, our Repub-lic was founded on a deep suspicion of entangling alliances. Our Founders wanted to do everything possible to avoid the endless, chronic wars in Eu-rope. In Europe, for centuries, Kings from one nation fought their brothers and their cousins in other nations. This meaningless fratricide continued even into the 20th century. The Founding Fathers were emphatic in their desire to avoid endless war. Washington wrote that our true policy was to steer clear of a permanent alli-ance with any portion of the foreign world. Jefferson echoed this when he famously wrote of peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations and of entangling alliances with none. Even in modern times, such military heroes as President Eisenhower op-posed intervention in Hungary, even when the naked aggression of the Sovi-ets was appalling. Eisenhower likely may have had no real opportunity, though, because the Soviet Union had rolled in with 200,000 troops and 4,000 tanks. At least part of the decision not to go into Hungary in the fifties was not for a lack of sympathy for freedom, not for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.014 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1990 March 27, 2017 
a lack of sympathy for self-determina-tion of a country. It was the real poli-tic decision of a nuclear confrontation with a nuclear Russia. Fast-forward to today. For 16 years, we have been at war in the Middle East—16 years. If I had been here, I would have voted for going after the people who had attacked us on 9/11. Our justified response, though, has drug on and on. There are people who are fight-ing in the war who were not born on 9/11. The Congress voted after 9/11 to go to war. It voted to go after the people who planned and plotted the attacks on the World Trade Center. That vote from 15 years ago is used to justify all war that is everywhere on the planet. There has been no meaningful debate on the wars we are currently involved in in the Middle East. We currently fight illegally and unconstitutionally in the Middle East because your rep-resentatives are afraid to have a public debate. They will stifle debate at all costs, and they will broker no amend-ments. They will allow no amendments to occur. Our unrestricted, unvoted-upon in-volvement in war everywhere informed my opposition to expand NATO. Every-one likes to talk about NATO’s article 5 obligation to come to the defense of any NATO allies that are attacked. That is in the treaty. If Montenegro is attacked, we will have to respond, but my concern is that many in Congress believe that article 5, in saying that we have to defend Montenegro, farms out to an international body this power to declare war, and they do not think they have to vote again. You don’t believe me? They have not voted for 15 years for war, and we are still at war. We con-tinue to go to new countries for war with no vote. Do you think that Monte-negro will not be attacked and that there will not be a war without a vote? This is their history. Their history is one of not obeying the Constitution. David Fromkin puts it this way: ‘‘If it is now agreed by treaty that an attack on a . . . NATO ally is deemed an at-tack on the United States, then it can be argued that the President is empow-ered without congressional authoriza-tion to send us to war.’’ Don’t believe me? We have been at war for 15 years. We have been at war with dozens of new tribes, dozens of new countries, with no votes on war. The most important vote a legislator will ever take is whether to go to war. Yet today we will vote for an auto-matic war if somebody invades Monte-negro. And mark my words—they won’t obey the Constitution. They will say: We voted to put them in NATO. Article 5 says we have to defend them. That is not the law of the land, and we should have to vote in Congress. But nobody obeys the law. So if you are worried about whether your kids will be sent to the Balkans or whether your kids will be sent to Ukraine or Georgia, call your representative and tell them: Stop. This is the crux of the debate. Con-gress has abdicated its role in declaring war. For 16 years, we have been at war in the Middle East with dozens of dif-ferent tribes and dozens of countries and yet no vote. People say: Well, we should fight ISIS. Well, let’s vote on it. Let’s declare war or not. But you can’t tell me that ISIS has anything to do with 9/11. They don’t. Many of their fighters weren’t even born then. The authorization for war in Iraq was specific to a specific enemy in a spe-cific place. So was the authorization after 9/11. The authorization for war in Afghanistan was specific. It says: nec-essary and appropriate force against those who planned, authorized, com-mitted, or aided the September 11 at-tacks. It was actually put in the au-thorization for force that it was about 9/11. None of what is going on is about 9/11 anymore. They are not the same people. Some of the people we are fighting now didn’t like those people. There is a whole confusing set of reli-gious wars that have been going on for 1,000 years in the Middle East. Yet your representatives will say: Send me your son, send me your daughter, but we don’t have time to vote on whether it should be a declared war. This vote is now used to justify a war around the globe, a vote from 9/11— from 15 years ago. It is a lie, and it is a disservice to our young men and women to have them fight under false pretenses where the Senators don’t seem to have time to have a debate. No active war anywhere around the globe that the United States is involved with has been authorized by Congress. We dropped more bombs the other day in Pakistan. We sent a man right into Yemen. Raise your hand if you know what the hell is going on in Yemen and who is fighting whom and who is our enemy. The one we killed the other day was al-Qaida—probably a bad guy. He was actually fighting against the Houthis, whom we are also fighting against. Who are the good guys? Shouldn’t we have a debate? Shouldn’t we decide whether we are going to war in Yemen? Should we be giving the Saudis bombs? They bombed a funeral procession. They killed 150 civilians and 500 people. We just let it go on. We keep giving them weapons. I have tried to stop sell-ing bombs to the Saudi Arabians, but the majority up here says: Keep giving them to them. Keep giving them the weapons, and let them indiscriminately kill whoever the hell they want. So NATO—should we expand it? Per-haps what we should do is make it clear that the NATO treaty is not a blind, open-ended promise to go to war anywhere, anytime. Before we go to final passage, I will offer one amendment. This amendment will be blocked because they do not want debate and because they will be embarrassed if they have to vote against this amendment. But realize what this amendment asks. My amend-ment states that nothing in the NATO treaty—particularly the article 5 prom-ise to come to the rescue of anyone at-tacked—none of this can happen with-out an official vote to declare war. So what is my amendment stating? The Constitution—article I, section 8—says we don’t go to war without a vote and a debate. Do you know what they will do to get around it? I think we can as-sume that they are against the Con-stitution because they are not going to allow the amendment. How long would it take? It takes 15 minutes to vote around here. I am about done speaking. We could have one 15-minute vote on an amendment. I would grant back the time if we would have a vote, but they don’t want to debate it because they are embarrassed that they are sending your sons and daughters to war with-out ever debating or voting on it. This, to me, is a tragedy. It is sad to me. It makes me ashamed of the body that we will do this. Probably what is worse is then they clamor to the floor, their mouths agape, ajar, calling other people traitors, acting as if I care less about your sons and daughters because I want to have a debate on war before we go to war, preventing an amend-ment from happening and then having the gall to come to the floor and accuse their philosophic opponents of being traitors and being allies with the Rus-sians. Is this what we have come to? Is this where we are as America, that you can’t take a principled stand against war; that you can’t stand up on prin-ciple and say: Are we really going to go to war over Montenegro, over Ukraine? Are we really going to go to war over Georgia? And then you are accused of not being patriotic to your country. I care as much as anybody about our soldiers. When I talk to our young men and women who serve, do you know what they tell me? They want someone to stand up and have a debate. They will do what they are told. Our soldiers are brave, and they will go where they are told, and they will obey orders. But the people here who are these mouth-pieces for war, who think every soldier wants to go to war, I suggest they go out and meet the soldiers and ask them whether they want the civilian Sen-ators to debate and have a formal dec-laration of war. That is all I am asking for—15 minutes and an amendment that says we will obey the Constitu-tion. If article 5 says we need to go to war and Montenegro is attacked, we will do the proper thing. We will come to the floor of the Senate. We are not sending troops to Montenegro without a vote on the floor of the Senate. Is that too much to ask for? We will see. Mr. President, I call up my amend-ment No. 199 that says we should obey the Constitution and that we should declare war before we go to war. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Is there objection to setting aside the pending amendment? Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I re-serve the right to object. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.015 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1991 March 27, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I work very close with my friend from Ken-tucky. There were some awfully strong things that were just said. I don’t think they were directed necessarily at me. I think there has been a little bit of an evolution here. I know that the rea-son we are having to go through this process of filibustering a treaty is the fact that the Senator from Kentucky wanted a vote on an unrelated amend-ment relative to surveillance here in our own country. When he was unable to get that agreement, he decided to filibuster a treaty. So that is what is happening here. I am interested to hear this evolution of why we are having this debate. Let me just say, having dealt with this issue firsthand—and I know he knows this—this filibuster is about something totally unrelated to the amendment that is being offered right now. I know the Senator from Kentucky, my friend, knows that I have offered authorizations for the use of force. I did so against Syria, and I am glad to have a debate on authorizations for the use of force, and I think we should. I know the administration is developing a strategy around ISIS right now, and when they complete that, it is my hope that we will, in fact, update the 2001 AUMF. I think it has been stated by past ad-ministrations that the authorization they are utilizing as it relates to ISIS is legal. I believe them to be correct. But I will say that I agree we ought to have another debate on the issue of au-thorizing the fight against ISIS, and I hope we will do so as soon as this ad-ministration completes the process of laying out what their plan is. Then we can debate that and then hopefully up-date that authorization. I don’t know what that has to do with a treaty with Montenegro. There has been a lot that has been said, and I don’t know how it necessarily ties together. But the fact is, when you enter into an article 5 treaty—which has, by the way, passed out of our committee on two occa-sions—you are, in fact, saying under article 5 that a war against one is a war against all and that we will come to their defense. So the amendment itself, if we were to vote on it, would basically negate that. I think the Senator from Kentucky could have had this vote, but the fact is that 98 Senators wanted to have this vote—have wanted to have this vote for months, I might add—and we have had to come to this point of filing cloture. So, with that, with good will toward the Senator, with good will toward the other 97 Senators here who would like to pass this posthaste, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, it is impor-tant to know what just happened. We closed off the debate, and as far as a fil-ibuster goes, we are having a debate and a vote. What they wanted was a rubberstamp and an easy passage with-out debate. We are having a bit of a de-bate, and that is good. Unfortunately, we will not be allowed to amend the bill. My amendment is germane to the bill. It has to do with what article 5 means in the treaty we are signing. What it says is that we will not nec-essarily take article 5 to mean that we are going to war, that we would do the constitutional duty, and that is to vote about whether we go to war. So the amendment is very clear that we would obey the Constitution. By blocking the vote, we have to re-alize that those blocking the vote have decided that really it should be auto-matic, that your sons and daughters will be sent to war automatically with-out a vote, without a declaration of war. You say: Well, maybe they don’t mean that. Maybe they would obey the Constitution. They don’t now. So everything in evi-dence shows us that the chance that in the future they will obey the Constitu-tion is about zero. But so ashamed are they of the fact that we will fight more wars without a declaration, without a vote—they won’t allow a vote on the amendment because they would be vot-ing against the Constitution. So, in-stead, they will block the amendment. That is essentially what this debate is about: Are we automatically obli-gated to go to war without a vote by Congress? That is what the vote is about. It is incredibly germane. It goes to the heart of the bill. It goes to the heart of the NATO treaty. Does article 5 mean you automatically go to war, or would you go through the normal proc-esses of going to war? Now, some will say: Oh, well, we would never go to war. It might not be so bad, but it would be difficult. Do you know when we have gone to war? We have actually gone unani-mously when we have done it the right way. When we were attacked on 9/11 and they came to Congress, do you know what the vote was? Unanimous. We are not about letting people attack us as a country, and I would have voted for that. When we were attacked in Pearl Har-bor, what did FDR do? The thing that great leaders would do—and I am not a huge fan always of FDR, but he did the right thing. He came to Congress the next day. I think it was on December 8 that they voted unanimously to go to war. That is the way it was done once upon a time. When you are attacked, people do rally to the country and they rally to the flag, but we shouldn’t have an automatic stamp that says: We are going to war anywhere without any re-straint, without any control or separa-tion of power. So I object strenuously to this, and I wish we were more open in this body and in our country to a debate about when we are going to go to war. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, before I suggest the absence of a quorum, I would like to say that the Constitution calls for treaties to be enacted by this body, which is what we are doing today. Everybody understands what NATO is and has understood it since the late 1940s. This is the kind of trea-ty that we would like for other people to be a member of, and today Monte-negro, which has gone through the full process of accession, hopefully will be passed through this body. This is the last country, by the way— every other country that is a member of NATO has voted to cause Monte-negro to join NATO. I know my friend from Maryland, the ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN , has just arrived. I know he has a few words to say. He is a strong supporter of Montenegro’s accession, as is the vast majority of this Senate. I will let the comments from the Sen-ator from Kentucky lie. We are doing our constitutional duty by passing a treaty that we all understood. It has been debated fully in committee. It has been passed out twice. I am glad we are doing so. The fact is, this has been blocked by one Senator who wanted to vote on something totally unrelated to this and was using this as leverage. That is what is occurring here, nothing else. We are finally, through cloture, having a vote on something that the majority of people in the Senate want to pass. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 7 minutes prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I thank Chairman C
ORKER for the manner in which this resolution of ratification has been handled in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. It has been han-dled in a nonpartisan way. We have had hearings, we have had votes, we have had a lot of conversations about it, and at last we are going to get a chance to vote on the ratification. So I come to the floor to speak in support of this resolution of ratification regarding the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro. I have been a strong supporter of Montenegro’s bid to join NATO. It will enhance our security, it will strength-en the alliance, and it will send a strong message of resolve to Russia as it invades its neighbors and seeks to upend the international order. Montenegro’s inclusion in NATO will have positive repercussions across the continent and will send an important message of hope to aspirant countries. Last week, I met with Montenegro’s Foreign Minister, and he described Russia’s persistent efforts to weaken support for NATO membership in Mon-tenegro. Last October, Russia inter-fered in the Montenegrin elections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.017 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1992 March 27, 2017 
There was a plot to assassinate the former Prime Minister of Montenegro and take over the Montenegrin Par-liament. The suspects in that case scurried back to Moscow, and the Rus-sian authorities refused to turn them over to the Montenegrins or even make them available for questioning in Mos-cow. To this day, Russian-supported NGOs and media propaganda continue to rail against Montenegro’s NATO membership. Russia does not get a veto over deci-sions of the alliance. We need to send a strong message of resolve. This is not an isolated circumstance with Russia. We have seen how they interfered in our elections. We have seen what they are doing in Europe today. We see all these different activities by Russia, and we have to protect our-selves. One way we protect ourselves is by making our own decisions as to who should be admitted into NATO. An-other is that we should have an inde-pendent commission take a look at what Russia was doing in their inter-ference with our elections and what they are trying to do in trying to com-promise our democratic system of gov-ernment. I think the events that oc-curred in recent weeks of additional contacts that Russia made with mem-bers of the Trump administration just underscore the importance for that independent commission to take a look at what happened. I stand here today in support of NATO enlargement. The Senate For-eign Relations Committee recently voted by voice vote in support of this bid—unanimously, Democrats and Re-publicans. This is not a partisan issue. We have had a request from the Presi-dent to take up this issue. Nearly all NATO members have approved Montenegro’s bid. We are among the last to ratify, and we must get the job done. Tonight, we can take a major step forward in that regard. What is the case for Montenegro’s membership? Admission of Montenegro would mark another important step forward, fully integrating the Balkans into international institutions that have helped to contribute to peace and stability over the years in Europe. Cro-atia and Albania joined the alliance in 2009 and have been valuable contribu-tors to accomplishing NATO’s objec-tives since then. I hope that Montenegro’s admission will help them motivate the reforms necessary for other Balkan countries to join. Montenegro has made outsized con-tributions to NATO missions, despite not being a full member. I understand that in Afghanistan, Montenegro has rotated 20 percent of its armed forces through the ISAF and the resolute sup-port missions. Twenty percent of their force—that is a substantial contribu-tion. It also contributed to the peace-keeping mission in Kosovo and other NATO missions. No country outside the alliance gets a veto over who gets to join, especially Russia. So we must send a strong sig-nal. I urge my colleagues to pass this resolution and get it to the President so the President can deposit the instru-ment of ratification at NATO in sup-port of Montenegro’s bid. I urge my colleagues to support the mission. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the manda-tory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Trea-ties Calendar No. 1, treaty document No. 114– 12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro. Mitch McConnell, Cory Gardner, Steve Daines, John Barrasso, Joni K. Ernst, Bob Corker, John Cornyn, Lindsey Gra-ham, Jeff Flake, James M. Inhofe, Roy Blunt, David Perdue, John McCain, Pat Roberts, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, Mike Rounds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 97, nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 97 Ex.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—2 
Lee Paul 
NOT VOTING—1 
Isakson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 97, the nays are 2. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today in favor of the resolution of rati-fication for Montenegro’s accession to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, better known as NATO. Many of my colleagues are unaware of the fact that the State of Maine has a special relationship with Monte-negro. It is through the National Guard State Partnership Program. I thank the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , Chairman C ORKER , Sen-ator M
CCAIN, the Democratic leader-ship, Senator J
OHNSON , Senator M UR-
PHY, and all of those who were instru-mental in bringing this resolution to the floor for consideration today. Montenegro’s accession to NATO will serve the strategic interests of the United States, it will help to promote stability in the Balkans, and it will make us safer. Montenegro has already proven its support for American inter-ests, having sent troops to Afghanistan in support of NATO- and U.S.-led oper-ations there. Although not yet a mem-ber of the European Union, Montenegro also voluntarily joined the EU sanc-tions regime against Russia in response to Moscow’s illegal annexation of Cri-mea and destabilizing actions in east-ern Ukraine. Most important, I have great confidence that Montenegro will meet the collective defense obligations of NATO membership. For the past 10 years, with the assist-ance of the Maine National Guard through the State Partnership Pro-gram, Montenegro has worked hard to reform its military and to strengthen the rule of law to come into compli-ance with NATO requirements, as de-fined in NATO’s Membership Action Plan. Even today, Maine National Guard members are deployed to Monte-negro to assist its Ministry of Defense in furthering its integration into NATO standards and processes. I want to take this opportunity to ex-press my appreciation to all of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.018 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1993 March 27, 2017 
members of the Maine National Guard who have participated in this oper-ation, including the former and current adjutant general, GEN Bill Libby and GEN Doug Farnham, as well as our cur-rent guardsman stationed in Monte-negro, Army CPT Nicolas Phillips. All of them have worked very hard during the past 10 years to help Montenegro get ready for this highly significant moment. We must be clear-eyed about the fact that the Russian Federation has under-taken an extensive overt and covert campaign to derail Montenegro’s bid to join NATO. These efforts include a bra-zen plot to disrupt Montenegro’s elec-tions last October and to turn the pub-lic against the pro-NATO ruling gov-ernment there. According to Montenegro’s special prosecutor as-signed to the investigation, at least two Russian intelligence officers ac-tively participated in this plot, which fortunately was disrupted. Ratifying Montenegro’s NATO mem-bership demonstrates our firm resolve against Russia’s efforts to deny other countries the opportunity to partici-pate in NATO free from outside inter-ference. That is why the Supreme Al-lied Commander for Europe and NATO testified just last week before the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee that it is ‘‘absolutely critical’’ that Monte-negro join NATO. As President Trump prepares to trav-el to the NATO leaders’ summit in Brussels at the end of May, I can think of no better action for the Senate to have taken ahead of his visit than our action tonight to finally ratify Montenegro’s membership in NATO. In the meantime, I also look forward to the continued special relationship be-tween Montenegro and the great State of Maine. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WEEK ON THE STATUS OF BLACK WOMEN Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I wish to request that the U.S. Govern-ment officially recognize the last week in March as the Week on the Status of Black Women. During the week of March 27, 2017, as part of Women’s His-tory Month and in honor of the United Nations Declaration designating 2015 as the Decade of Afro-Descendants, this week marks the perfect occasion on which to begin an annual recognition and celebration of Black women’s con-tributions to American society. Black women have long gone above and beyond the call of duty in their contributions to American society through civic engagement, high voter turnout, and serving as leaders in their communities. Even in the face of grave oppression throughout our Nation’s history, Black women have continued to stand strong and contribute to the well-being of their families, commu-nities, and our country as a whole. A recognition of the Week on the Status of Black Women by the Trump admin-istration and Congress would send a clear message that the Federal Govern-ment recognizes the unique struggles and achievements of Black women in America. Black women have consistently played a leading role in shaping our Nation’s history, often behind the scenes and with little recognition. Har-riet Tubman escaped slavery and bravely returned to the enslaved South over a dozen times to lead her people to freedom on the Underground Railroad. A century later, Rosa Parks witnessed the oppression of her fellow Black women and took an active role in orga-nizing the Montgomery Bus Boycott, while also taking up Black women’s sexual harassment claims. Today, a Black woman, Carla Hayden, is our Na-tion’s Librarian of Congress. Recogni-tion of the Week on the Status of Black Women would honor the sac-rifices of women such as Harriet Tub-man and Rosa Parks, who paved the way for so many Black women in pub-lic service, business, and other indus-tries today. Yet even as Black women throughout our Nation’s history have been leaders in American civic life, Black women today still continue to face many undue burdens. No one in America should have to choose between earning a paycheck and taking care of their family, but too many Black women who serve as primary family bread-winners are forced to make this painful choice. Black women continue to earn less than their male counteiparts and also less than women who are not Black. Black women remain at the eco-nomic margins of society, and we all have a responsibility to help fix that. This year, a coalition of organiza-tions advocating for the well-being of women and communities of color will partner to elevate the stories, his-tories, and realities of Black women’s lives. Each day of the week, starting on March 27 and continuing through March 31, will focus on a different chal-lenge Black women face in society today, ranging from disproportionate experience with police violence to dis-criminatory media representation. Ex-ploring these issues and acknowledging the centrality of Black women to our history and social fabric, along with recognizing the unique intersection of gendered and racialized inequities they face, is critical. As we continue to work to extend equal rights to all Americans, we must ensure that Black women are a leading part of this move-ment. I hope and request that this year will be a continuation of years past in celebration and intentional recognition of Black women in America through the Week on the Status of Black Women. f 
REMEMBERING ENI F. H. FALEOMAVAEGA Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and dedicated service to our country of my friend and colleague, Eni F. H. Faleomavaega of American Samoa. I had the honor of serving with him in the U.S. House and was deeply saddened to hear of his passing on Wednesday, February 22, 2017. Eni served 13 terms as the Delegate from American Samoa, and we worked together because of his close ties to Hawaii. Eni’s strong ties and service to Hawaii makes him a ‘‘keiki o ka aina.’’ He was a graduate of Kahuku High School and the Church College, the forerunner to Brigham Young Univer-sity in Laie, HI. Eni was a passionate advocate for indigenous peoples includ-ing native Hawaiians. Whether it was Federal recognition or health and housing programs for native Hawai-ians, Hawaii could always count on Eni’s outspoken support and assist-ance. One of the stories Eni enjoyed sharing was about his experience sail-ing on the voyaging canoe Hokulea in 1987, and in August 2014, he welcomed the arrival of the Hokulea and Hikianalia arrival in American Samoa and offered his best wishes to Malama Honua Worldwide Voyage. I always appreciated his warm pres-ence at the annual Kamehameha Day Lei Draping Ceremony at the capitol where he would often perform tradi-tional Samoan chant and dance. Of course, he also served his American Samoa constituents in Congress with distinction for two decades. During his service in the House, he rose to become the first Asian-Pacific American to serve as chairman of the House Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. He brought his unique perspec-tive as a Pacific Islander to this post and constructively worked to raise the concerns of the region in Congress. Eni was also a veteran of the Viet-nam war and a selfless advocate for his fellow veterans in American Samoa and across the Nation. Thanks to Eni’s efforts, American Samoa veterans can now receive their healthcare from a Department of Veterans Affairs clinic built in Pago Pago with funds he helped secure. It is therefore most ap-propriate that the House and Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.021 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1994 March 27, 2017 
recently passed H.R. 1362, a bill to name this clinic after him. I join my colleagues in extending my deepest sympathies to his wife, Hinanui Hunkin, their 10 children, and their 15 grandchildren. Eni will be dearly missed by his extended ohana in Hawaii and all whose lives were touched by his leadership and service. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED  
At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled joint resolu-tions: 
H.J. Res. 69. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Pub-lic Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’. H.J. Res. 83. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employ-er’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Re-cordable Injury and Illness’’. 
The enrolled joint resolutions were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 3:05 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1302. An act to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes. H.R. 1365. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain acqui-sition innovation, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1302. An act to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 1365. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain acqui-sition innovation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. f EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1092. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the De-partment of Agriculture, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1093. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act for 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1094. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Minority and Women Outreach Program’’ (RIN2590–AA87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1095. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedure for Walk-in Coolers and Walk-in Freezers’’ (RIN1904– AD72) received in the Office of the President of Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–1096. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Efficient Standards for the Design and Construction of New Federal Low-Rise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update’’ (RIN1904–AD56) received in the Office of the President of Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–1097. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Ceiling Fans’’ (RIN1904–AD28) re-ceived in the Office of the President of Sen-ate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–1098. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief, Freedom of Information Act Pub-lic Liaison, U.S. Agency for International Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Freedom of In-formation Act Regulations’’ (RIN0412–AA89) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2017; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–1099. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Treaty Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of Australia Concerning De-fense Trade Cooperation and the Inter-national Traffic in Arms Regulations; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1100. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to U.S. support for Taiwan’s participation as an observer at the 69th World Health Assembly and in the work of the World Health Organization; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1101. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Department’s Alter-native Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–1102. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0032 - 2017–0049); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1103. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Open Licensing Requirement for Competitive Grant Pro-grams’’ (RIN1810–AA07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 20, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1104. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Presiding Officer for an Ap-peal and Informal Hearing; Technical Amendments’’ (Docket No. FDA–2017–N–0011) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 20, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1105. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Assets in Sin-gle-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Ter-minated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022 and 29 CFR Part 4044) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1106. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clarification of When Prod-ucts Made or Derived From Tobacco Are Regulated as Drugs, Devices, or Combination Products; Amendments to Regulations Re-garding ‘Intended Uses’; Further Delayed Ef-fective Date; Request for Comments’’ ((RIN0910–AH19) (Docket No. FDA–2015–N– 2002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1107. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘UDC’s Vi-sion 2020 Plan: How Much Progress Has Been Made?’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–1108. A communication from the Sec-retary to the Board, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2016 annual report rel-ative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1109. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.011 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1995 March 27, 2017 
Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedures for Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps’’ (RIN1904– AD71) received in the Office of the President of Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–1110. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedures for Compres-sors’’ (RIN1904–AD43) received in the Office of the President of Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–1111. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Efficiency Standards for the Design and Construction of New Federal Low-Rise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update’’ (RIN1904–AD56) received in the Office of the President of Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–1112. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Eastport Breakwater Ter-minal, Eastport, Maine’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1037)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1113. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cooper River Bridge Run, Coo-per River and Town Creek Reaches, Charles-ton, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0021)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1114. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, TICO Warbird Air Show; In-dian River, Titusville, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0130)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1115. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; James River, Newport News, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0051)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1116. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Regulations: Special Anchorage Areas; Marina del Rey Harbor, Marina del Rey, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0142)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1117. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Areas; Escorted Sub-marines Sector Jacksonville Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0032)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Special Report entitled ‘‘History, Jurisdic-tion, and a Summary of Activities of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources During the 114th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 115– 10). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 269. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation lo-cated in Dillingham, Alaska, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–11). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 723. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 724. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to modernize authorizations for nec-essary hydropower approvals; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. M
CCAIN: S. 725. A bill to prohibit the intentional hindering of immigration, border, and cus-toms controls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 726. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to declassify certain documents re-lated to incidents in which members of the Armed Forces were exposed to toxic sub-stances; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. PAUL: S. 727. A bill to increase the worldwide level of employment-based immigrants and to reauthorize the EB–5 regional center pro-gram; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 728. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to pro-vide funds to States and Indian tribes for the purpose of promoting economic revitaliza-tion, diversification, and development in economically distressed communities through the reclamation and restoration of land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining carried out before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 729. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, for in-clusion in the John Muir National Historic Site, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. KAINE: S. 730. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. HARRIS ): S. 731. A bill to establish the Sacramento- San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 732. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable tax credit against income tax for the purchase of qualified access technology for the blind; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M ANCHIN , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 733. A bill to protect and enhance oppor-tunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 734. A bill to extend a project of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission involv-ing the Cannonsville Dam; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. R OB-
ERTS ): S. 735. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 to require disclosure to States of the basis of determinations under such Act, to ensure use of information pro-vided by State, tribal, and county govern-ments in decisionmaking under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. B
LUNT , and Mr. B OOZMAN ): S. 736. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for collegiate housing and infrastructure grants; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 737. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to improve coal leasing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 738. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to pro-vide funds to States and Indian tribes for the purpose of promoting economic revitaliza-tion, diversification, and development in economically distressed communities through the reclamation and restoration of land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining carried out before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D AINES , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. Res. 98. A resolution designating the first week of April 2017 as ‘‘National Asbes-tos Awareness Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. Res. 99. A resolution recognizing the 11 African-American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion who were massacred in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge in December 1944; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.007 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1996 March 27, 2017 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , Mr. G
ARDNER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ): S. Res. 100. A resolution condemning ille-gal Russian aggression in Ukraine on the three year anniversary of the annexation of Crimea; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 27 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 27, a bill to establish an inde-pendent commission to examine and report on the facts regarding the ex-tent of Russian official and unofficial cyber operations and other attempts to interfere in the 2016 United States na-tional election, and for other purposes. 
S. 175 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 175, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiem-ployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pen-sion Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 198, a bill to require continued and enhanced annual reporting to Con-gress in the Annual Report on Inter-national Religious Freedom on anti-Se-mitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish com-munities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European gov-ernments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti- Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 261 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as cosponsors of S. 261, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure re-quirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 292, a bill to maximize dis-covery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising child-hood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 334 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 334, a bill to clarify that a State has the sole authority to regu-late hydraulic fracturing on Federal land within the boundaries of the State. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 357 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 357, a bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public lands in San Bernardino County, Cali-fornia, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to ac-cept in return certain exchanged non- public lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 364 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 364, a bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to exempt certain recipients of Department of Agriculture conserva-tion assistance from certain reporting requirements, and for other purposes. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that mer-chandise arriving through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and to re-quire the provision of advance elec-tronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and for other purposes. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 375, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to establish a proce-dure for approval of certain settle-ments. 
S. 376 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 376, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publica-tion on the Internet of the basis for de-terminations that species are endan-gered species or threatened species, and for other purposes. S. 381 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 381, a bill to repeal the Act enti-tled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses com-mitted by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 415 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 415, a bill to nullify the effect of the recent Executive order that makes the vast majority of unau-thorized individuals priorities for re-moval and aims to withhold critical Federal funding to sanctuary cities. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 447 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 447, a bill to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. At the request of Mr. R
UBIO, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 447, supra. 
S. 588 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 588, a bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to clarify what constitutes a general solicitation under the Federal securi-ties laws, and for other purposes. 
S. 602 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.010 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1997 March 27, 2017 
of S. 602, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include auto-mated fire sprinkler system retrofits as section 179 property and classify cer-tain automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as 15-year property for pur-poses of depreciation. 
S. 605 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 605, a bill to amend the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 and the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to discourage litigation against the For-est Service and the Bureau of Land Management relating to land manage-ment projects. 
S. 655 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 655, a bill to exempt certain 16- and 17- year-old individuals employed in log-ging operations from child labor laws. 
S. 672 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 672, a bill to require a report on des-ignation of North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to women vet-erans, and for other purposes. 
S. 692 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 692, a bill to provide for inte-grated plan permits, to establish an Of-fice of the Municipal Ombudsman, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revision of financial capa-bility guidance. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 to include in the prohi-bitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organiza-tions against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 721 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 721, a bill to require the disclosure of certain visitor access records. S.J. RES. 2 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 2, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to limiting the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve. 
S. RES. 93 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 93, a resolution congratu-lating the European Union on the 60th anniversary of the signing of the Trea-ty of Rome, which established the Eu-ropean Economic Community and laid the foundation for decades of European peace and prosperity. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 728. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to provide funds to States and In-dian tribes for the purpose of pro-moting economic revitalization, diver-sification, and development in eco-nomically distressed communities through the reclamation and restora-tion of land and water resources ad-versely affected by coal mining carried out before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 728 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Revitalizing the Economy of Coal Communities by Leveraging Local Activities and Investing More Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘RECLAIM Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ECONOMIC REVITALIZATION FOR COAL COUNTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 416. ABANDONED MINE LAND ECONOMIC REVITALIZATION. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to promote economic revitalization, diver-sification, and development in economically distressed mining communities through the reclamation and restoration of land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining carried out before August 3, 1977. ‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—From amounts deposited into the fund under section 401(b) before Oc-tober 1, 2007, and not otherwise appropriated to the extent such funds are available, $200,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for dis-tribution to States and Indian tribes in ac-cordance with this section for reclamation and restoration projects at sites identified as priorities under section 403(a): Provided, That if less than $200,000,000 is available in any fis-cal year to the Secretary, such remaining amount shall be made available to the Sec-retary, without further appropriation, and such fiscal year shall end distributions made available under this section. ‘‘(c) USE OF FUNDS FOR PRIORITY SITES.— Funds distributed to a State or Indian tribe under subsection (d) shall be used only for projects classified under the priorities of sec-tion 403(a). In addition, if the project is clas-sified under paragraph (3) of such section, the project also must meet the following cri-teria: ‘‘(1) C
ONTRIBUTION TO FUTURE ECONOMIC OR  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The project, upon com-pletion of reclamation, is intended to create favorable conditions for the economic devel-opment of the project site or create favor-able conditions that promote the general welfare through economic and community development of the area in which the project is conducted. ‘‘(B) D
EMONSTRATION OF CONDITIONS .—Such conditions are demonstrated by— ‘‘(i) documentation of the role of the project in such area’s economic development strategy or other economic and community development planning process; ‘‘(ii) any other documentation of the planned economic and community use of the project site after the primary reclamation activities are completed, which may include contracts, agreements in principle, or other evidence that, once reclaimed, the site is reasonably anticipated to be used for one or more industrial, commercial, residential, ag-ricultural, or recreational purposes; or ‘‘(iii) any other documentation agreed to by the State or Indian tribe that dem-onstrates the project will meet the criteria set forth in this subsection. ‘‘(2) L
OCATION IN COMMUNITY AFFECTED BY  
RECENT DECLINE IN MINING .—The project will be conducted in a community— ‘‘(A) that has been adversely affected eco-nomically by a recent reduction in coal min-ing-related activity, as demonstrated by em-ployment data, per capita income, or other indicators of reduced economic activity at-tributable to such reduction; or ‘‘(B)(i) that has historically relied on coal mining for a substantial portion of its econ-omy; and ‘‘(ii) in which the economic contribution of coal mining has significantly declined. ‘‘(3) S
TAKEHOLDER COLLABORATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The project has been the subject of project planning under subsection (g) and has been the focus of collaboration, including partnerships, as appropriate, with interested persons or local organizations. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—As part of project planning, the public has been notified and has been given an opportunity to comment at a public meeting convened in a commu-nity near the proposed site. ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .—The project has been proposed by entities of State, local, county, or tribal governments, or local orga-nizations, and will be approved and executed by State or tribal programs, approved under section 405 or referred to in section 402(g)(8)(B), which may include subcon-tracting project-related activities, as appro-priate. ‘‘(d) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) U
NCERTIFIED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From the amount made available in subsection (b), the Secretary shall distribute $195,000,000 annually for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to States and Indian tribes that have a State or tribal pro-gram approved under section 405 or are re-ferred to in section 402(g)(8)(B), and have not made a certification under section 411(a) in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.013 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1998 March 27, 2017 
which the Secretary has concurred, as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) Four-fifths of such amount shall be distributed based on the proportion of the amount of coal historically produced in each State or from the lands of each Indian tribe concerned before August 3, 1977. ‘‘(ii) One-fifth of such amount shall be dis-tributed based on the proportion of reclama-tion fees paid during the period of fiscal years 2012 through 2016 for lands in each State or lands of each Indian tribe con-cerned. ‘‘(B) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS .—Funds distrib-uted under this section— ‘‘(i) shall be in addition to, and shall not affect, the amount of funds distributed— ‘‘(I) to States and Indian tribes under sec-tion 401(f); and ‘‘(II) to States and Indian tribes that have made a certification under section 411(a) in which the Secretary has concurred, subject to the cap described in section 402(i)(3); and ‘‘(ii) shall not reduce any funds distributed to a State or Indian tribe by reason of the application of section 402(g)(8). ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING TO CERTAIN  
STATES AND INDIAN TRIBES .— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBILITY .—From the amount made available in subsection (b), the Secretary shall distribute $5,000,000 annually for each of the five fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2017 to States and Indian tribes that have a State program approved under section 405 and have made a certification under sec-tion 411(a) in which the Secretary has con-curred. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION FOR FUNDS .—Using the process in section 405(f), any State or Indian tribe described in subparagraph (A) may sub-mit a grant application to the Secretary for funds under this paragraph. The Secretary shall review each grant application to con-firm that the projects identified in the appli-cation for funding are eligible under sub-section (c). ‘‘(C) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—The amount of funds distributed to each State or Indian tribe under this paragraph shall be deter-mined by the Secretary based on the dem-onstrated need for the funding to accomplish the purpose of this section. ‘‘(3) R
EALLOCATION OF UNCOMMITTED  
FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) C
OMMITTED DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph the term ‘committed’— ‘‘(i) means that funds received by the State or Indian tribe— ‘‘(I) have been exclusively applied to or re-served for a specific project and therefore are not available for any other purpose; or ‘‘(II) have been expended or designated by the State or Indian tribe for the completion of a project; ‘‘(ii) includes use of any amount for project planning under subsection (g); and ‘‘(iii) reflects an acknowledgment by Con-gress that, based on the documentation re-quired under subsection (c)(2)(B), any unan-ticipated delays to commit such funds that are outside the control of the State or Indian tribe concerned shall not affect its alloca-tions under this section. ‘‘(B) F
ISCAL YEARS 2020 AND 2021 .—For each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the Secretary shall reallocate in accordance with subpara-graph (D) any amount available for distribu-tion under this subsection that has not been committed to eligible projects in the pre-ceding 2 fiscal years, among the States and Indian tribes that have committed to eligi-ble projects the full amount of their annual allocation for the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(C) F
ISCAL YEAR 2022 .—For fiscal year 2022, the Secretary shall reallocate in accordance with subparagraph (D) any amount available for distribution under this subsection that has not been committed to eligible projects or distributed under paragraph (1)(A), among the States and Indian tribes that have com-mitted to eligible projects the full amount of their annual allocation for the preceding fis-cal years. ‘‘(D) AMOUNT OF REALLOCATION .—The amount reallocated to each State or Indian tribe under each of subparagraphs (B) and (C) shall be determined by the Secretary to re-flect, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(i) the proportion of unreclaimed eligible lands and waters the State or Indian tribe has in the inventory maintained under sec-tion 403(c); ‘‘(ii) the average of the proportion of rec-lamation fees paid for lands in each State or lands of each Indian tribe concerned; and ‘‘(iii) the proportion of coal mining em-ployment loss incurred in the State or on lands of the Indian tribe, respectively, as de-termined by the Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration, over the 5-year period pre-ceding the fiscal year for which the realloca-tion is made. ‘‘(e) R
ESOLUTION OF SECRETARY ’SCON-
CERNS ; CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—If the Secretary does not agree with a State or In-dian tribe that a proposed project meets the criteria set forth in subsection (c)— ‘‘(1) the Secretary and the State or tribe shall meet and confer for a period of not more than 45 days to resolve the Secretary’s concerns, except that such period may be shortened by the Secretary if the Secretary’s concerns are resolved; ‘‘(2) during that period, at the State’s or Indian tribe’s request, the Secretary may consult with any appropriate Federal agen-cy; and ‘‘(3) at the end of that period, if the Sec-retary’s concerns are not resolved the Sec-retary shall provide to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an ex-planation of the concerns and such project proposal shall not be eligible for funds dis-tributed under this section. ‘‘(f) A
CIDMINEDRAINAGE TREATMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), a State or Indian tribe that receives funds under this section may use up to 30 percent of such funds as necessary to supplement the State’s or tribe’s acid mine drainage abate-ment and treatment fund established under section 402(g)(6)(A), for future operation and maintenance costs for the treatment of acid mine drainage associated with the individual projects funded under this section. A State or Indian tribe shall specify the total funds allotted for such costs in its application sub-mitted under subsection (d)(2)(B). ‘‘(2) C
ONDITION .—A State or Indian tribe may use funds under this subsection only if the State or tribe can demonstrate that the annual grant distributed to the State or tribe pursuant to section 401(f), including any interest from the State’s or tribe’s acid mine drainage abatement and treatment fund that is not used for the operation or maintenance of preexisting acid mine drain-age treatment systems, is insufficient to fund the operation and maintenance of any acid mine drainage treatment system associ-ated with an individual project funded under this section. ‘‘(g) P
ROJECT PLANNING AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) S
TATES AND INDIAN TRIBES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State or Indian tribe may use up to 10 percent of its annual dis-tribution under this section for project plan-ning and the costs of administering this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) P
LANNING REQUIREMENTS .—Planning under this paragraph may include— ‘‘(i) identifying eligible projects; ‘‘(ii) updating the inventory referred to in section 403(c); ‘‘(iii) developing project designs; ‘‘(iv) collaborating with stakeholders, in-cluding public meetings; ‘‘(v) preparing cost estimates; or ‘‘(vi) engaging in other similar activities necessary to facilitate reclamation activities under this section. ‘‘(2) SECRETARY .—The Secretary may ex-pend, from amounts made available to the Secretary under section 402(g)(3)(D), not more than $3,000,000 during the fiscal years for which distributions occur under sub-section (b) for staffing and other administra-tive expenses necessary to carry out this sec-tion. ‘‘(h) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate at the end of each fiscal year for which such funds are distrib-uted a detailed report— ‘‘(1) on the various projects that have been undertaken with such funds; ‘‘(2) the extent and degree of reclamation using such funds that achieved the priorities described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 403(a); ‘‘(3) the community and economic benefits that are resulting from, or are expected to result from, the use of the funds that achieved the priorities described in para-graph (3) of section 403(a); and ‘‘(4) the reduction since the previous report in the inventory referred to in section 403(c).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title IV the following: ‘‘Sec. 416. Abandoned mine land economic revitalization.’’. 
SEC. 3. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS. 
The Surface Mining Control and Reclama-tion Act of 1977 is amended— (1) in section 401(c) (30 U.S.C. 1231(c)), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (10), by redesignating para-graph (11) as paragraph (12), and by inserting after paragraph (10) the following: ‘‘(11) to implement section 416; and’’; (2) in section 401(d)(3) (30 U.S.C. 1231(d)(3)), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f) and section 416(a)’’; (3) in section 402(g) (30 U.S.C. 1232(g))— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and sec-tion 416’’ after ‘‘subsection (h)’’; and (B) by adding at the end of paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(F) For the purpose of section 416(d)(2)(A).’’; and (4) in section 403(c) (30 U.S.C. 1233(c)), by inserting after the second sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘As practicable, States and Indian tribes shall offer such amendments based on the use of remote sensing, global positioning systems, and other advanced technologies.’’. 
SEC. 4. MINIMUM STATE PAYMENTS. 
Section 402(g)(8)(A) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1232(g)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘$3,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
SEC. 5. GAO STUDY OF USE OF FUNDS. 
Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall study and report to the Congress on uses of funds au-thorized by this Act, including regarding— (1) the solvency of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund; and (2) the impact of such use on payments and transfers under the Surface Mining Control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.014 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1999 March 27, 2017 
and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1201) to— (A) States for which a certification has been made under section 411 of such Act (30 U.S.C. 1241); (B) States for which such a certification has not been made; and (C) transfers to United Mine Workers of America Combined Benefit Fund. 
SEC. 6. ABANDONED MINE LAND RECLAMATION AND RESTORATION INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 14510. Abandoned mine land reclamation and restoration initiative ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Appalachian Re-gional Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into con-tracts, or otherwise provide amounts to indi-viduals or entities in the Appalachian region for projects and activities on lands, or on or in waters, that have been reclaimed or re-stored with amounts provided under title IV of the Surface Mining Control or Reclama-tion Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1231 et seq.) or that are eligible for such reclamation or restora-tion. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABLE AMOUNTS .— Of the cost of any activity eligible for a grant under this section— ‘‘(1) not more than 50 percent may be pro-vided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 80 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which an at-risk designa-tion is in effect under section 14526, not more than 70 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) S
OURCES OF ASSISTANCE .—Subject to subsection (b), a grant provided under this section may be provided from amounts made available to carry out this section in com-bination with amounts made available— ‘‘(1) under any other Federal program; or ‘‘(2) from any other source. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion determines to be appropriate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 14509 the following: ‘‘14510. Abandoned mine land reclamation and restoration initiative.’’. 
SEC. 7. HEADQUARTERS OF APPALACHIAN RE-GIONAL COMMISSION. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that— (1) the Delta Regional Commission, the Denali Commission, and the Northern Border Regional Commission are each headquartered in their respective region; and (2) the headquarters of the Appalachian Regional Commission should be relocated from the District of Columbia to a more af-fordable location in the Appalachian Region. (b) L
OCATION OF HEADQUARTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 14301 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) H
EADQUARTERS .—The headquarters of the Commission shall be located in the Appa-lachian Region.’’. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Federal Cochair-man of the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion shall take such actions as may be nec-essary to carry out the amendment made by paragraph (1). By Mr. KAINE: S. 730. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, today I am introducing a bipartisan, non-controversial, technical provision per-taining to two proposed hydroelectric projects at U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers dams in Virginia. This bill would give the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission, FERC, authority to extend commence-con-struction deadlines for the 3.7 MW project at Gathright Dam, FERC Project No. 12737, and the 1.8 MW project at Flannagan Dam, FERC Project No. 12740. The timelines for these projects have been set back due to challenges with securing Army Corps permits. FERC does not oppose this legislation, as the requested exten-sions are still within the overall 10- year window for extension of licensing deadlines. There is no known local op-position. This provision was passed by the Sen-ate last year as part of the Energy Pol-icy Modernization Act, S. 2012. It was also introduced in the House by Rep-resentative M
ORGAN GRIFFITH and passed the full House separately. I am pleased to reintroduce the bill again today and hope the Energy & Natural Resources Committee and the full Sen-ate will consider it soon. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 731. A bill to establish the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I speak on behalf of myself and Senator H
ARRIS to reintroduce legislation to es-tablish the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area, Califor-nia’s first National Heritage Area. I am very pleased to work with Senator H
ARRIS , Congressman J OHNGARAMENDI , and our colleagues in the State on this much needed legislation. Our legisla-tion will establish a new national her-itage area in the Sacramento-San Joa-quin Delta to promote environmental stewardship, heritage conservation, and economic development across five delta counties. The Delta Protection Commission will manage the heritage area in ac-cordance with California law and in partnership with delta communities. The management planning process pro-vided by this legislation will be open to the public and collaborative. Federal, State, Tribal, and local governments, private property owners, and all stake-holders will have a voice in the man-agement planning for the heritage area. The goal is to conserve and protect the delta, its communities, its natural resources, and its rich history. In short, this legislation does not af-fect water rights or water contracts, nor does it is impose any additional re-sponsibilities on local governments or private landowners. Instead, this legis-lation authorizes federal assistance to support local projects as part of an in-clusive process required by State law. The Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta is the largest estuary in the Western United States and perhaps the most productive and ecologically important watershed in North America. This ex-tensive inland delta is a natural marvel and national treasure that must be protected. The delta offers recreational opportunities enjoyed by millions of Californians and out-of-State visitors alike, who come each year for boating, fishing, hunting, and sightseeing. The delta provides critical habitat for more than 750 wildlife species, in-cluding sandhill cranes and other mi-gratory birds along the Pacific Flyway. It also provides habitat for iconic na-tive fish like the chinook salmon, some as large as 60 pounds, which return each year to travel through the delta to spawn in tributaries upstream. These same waterways provide fresh-water to millions of California house-holds and irrigated farmland south of the delta and elsewhere in the State. Before being converted for farmland starting in the 19th century, the delta flooded regularly following the spring-time snowmelt and once supported the continent’s largest Native American communities. Later, the delta served as the gate-way for the California Gold Rush, after which Chinese immigrant workers built hundreds of miles of levees to make the delta’s rich peat soils avail-able for farming and to control flood-ing. Japanese, Chinese, Italian, German, Portuguese, Dutch, Greek, South Asian, and other immigrants began the area’s farming legacy and established proud communities that continue today. Over the years, the vibrant ‘‘river culture’’ endemic to delta communities has attracted the attention of cele-brated authors from Mark Twain and Jack London to Joan Didion. A national heritage area designation would help to preserve this uniquely American story by providing sup-portive local governments across the delta with a needed management framework, technical assistance, and modest Federal funding. Today, the delta faces crisis due to proliferate invasive species, urban and agricultural runoff, wastewater over-loads, channelization, dredging, formi-dable water exports, and other stressors. Many delta islands are now 10 to 20 feet below sea level due to subsidence, and the present levee system is inad-equate in providing reliable flood pro-tection for historic communities, agri-cultural enterprises, and infrastruc-ture. Alarmingly, many existing levees were simply not engineered to with-stand earthquakes. Should levees fail, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.014 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2000 March 27, 2017 
a rush of saltwater into the interior delta would damage this already frag-ile ecosystem, disrupt drinking water supplies, flood agricultural land, inun-date towns, and damage roads, powerlines, and water infrastructure. Establishing the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area will secure much needed Federal re-sources for delta communities. Our leg-islation recognizes the delta as a work-ing landscape central to California life and seeks to further local projects al-ready underway that promote environ-mental stewardship, heritage conserva-tion, community revitalization, and economic development throughout the delta. This legislation also seeks to fulfill the broadly supported 2009 California State law that called for a heritage area designation for the delta and the Delta Protection Commission’s own feasibility report in 2012. Our legislation is a small part of the commitment the Federal Government must make to the California delta. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues at every level of government to restore the delta and its native species, upgrade California’s water supply, safeguard against flood risk, improve water quality, and pre-serve delta communities’ rich heritage and continued vibrancy. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 98—DESIG-NATING THE FIRST WEEK OF APRIL 2017 AS ‘‘NATIONAL AS-BESTOS AWARENESS WEEK’’ Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D AINES , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 98 Whereas dangerous asbestos fibers are in-visible and cannot be smelled or tasted; Whereas the inhalation of airborne asbes-tos fibers can cause significant damage; Whereas asbestos fibers can cause cancer (such as mesothelioma), asbestosis, and other health problems; Whereas symptoms of asbestos-related dis-eases can take between 10 and 50 years to present themselves; Whereas the projected life expectancy for an individual diagnosed with mesothelioma is between 6 and 24 months; Whereas generally, little is known about late-stage treatment of asbestos-related dis-eases, and there is no cure for asbestos-re-lated diseases; Whereas early detection of asbestos-re-lated diseases may give some patients in-creased treatment options and might im-prove the prognoses of those patients; Whereas the United States has substan-tially reduced the consumption of asbestos in the United States, yet the United States continues to consume tons of the fibrous mineral each year for use in certain products throughout the United States; Whereas asbestos-related diseases have killed thousands of people in the United States; Whereas while exposure to asbestos con-tinues, safety and prevention of asbestos ex-posure has significantly reduced the inci-dence of asbestos-related diseases and can further reduce the incidence of asbestos-re-lated diseases; Whereas thousands of workers in the United States face significant asbestos expo-sure, which has been a cause of occupational cancer; Whereas thousands of people in the United States die from asbestos-related diseases every year; Whereas a significant percentage of all as-bestos-related disease victims were exposed to asbestos on naval ships and in shipyards; Whereas asbestos was used in the construc-tion of a significant number of office build-ings and public facilities built before 1975; Whereas people in the small community of Libby, Montana, suffer from asbestos-related diseases, including mesothelioma, at a sig-nificantly higher rate than people in the United States as a whole; and Whereas the designation of a ‘‘National As-bestos Awareness Week’’ will raise public awareness about the prevalence of asbestos- related diseases and the dangers of asbestos exposure: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the first week of April 2017 as ‘‘National Asbestos Awareness Week’’; (2) urges the Surgeon General of the United States to warn and educate people about the public health issue of asbestos exposure, which may be hazardous to their health; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Office of the Surgeon General. f SENATE RESOLUTION 99—RECOG-NIZING THE 11 AFRICAN-AMER-ICAN SOLDIERS OF THE 333RD FIELD ARTILLERY BATTALION WHO WERE MASSACRED IN WERETH, BELGIUM, DURING THE BATTLE OF THE BULGE IN DE-CEMBER 1944 Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 99 Whereas, in December 1944, during the Bat-tle of the Bulge in Belgium, soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion, an African- American unit of the Army, were operating in support of the 106th Infantry Division when the 106th Infantry Division and the sol-diers from the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion were overrun; Whereas, months after the Battle of the Bulge, the frozen bodies of 11 soldiers from the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion were found near the Belgian hamlet of Wereth; Whereas the bodies of the 11 soldiers were— (1) identified as James Stewart of West Virginia, Due Turner of Arkansas, Curtis Adams of South Carolina, Mager Bradley of Mississippi, George Davis, Jr. of Alabama, Thomas Forte of Mississippi, Robert Green of Georgia, James Leatherwood of Mis-sissippi, Nathaniel Moss of Texas, George Motten of Texas, and William Pritchett of Alabama; (2) examined by Army Medical Corps offi-cials; and (3) found to have been stabbed, shot, and struck by blunt force; Whereas the massacre of the 11 African- American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artil-lery Battalion in Wereth remains unknown to the vast majority of the people of the United States; Whereas, in 2004, a permanent monument in Wereth was dedicated to the 11 African- American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artil-lery Battalion who lost their lives in Wereth during the Battle of the Bulge in the effort to defeat fascism and defend freedom; and Whereas the 11 patriots have become known as the ‘‘Wereth 11’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate, on behalf of the United States, recognizes the dedicated serv-ice and ultimate sacrifice of the 11 African- American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artil-lery Battalion who were massacred in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge in December 1944. f SENATE RESOLUTION 100—CON-DEMNING ILLEGAL RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION IN UKRAINE ON THE THREE YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE ANNEXATION OF CRIMEA Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , Mr. G
ARDNER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 100 Whereas the illegal Russian military occu-pation of the Crimea region of Ukraine is an affront to international norms, an unprovoked aggression, and a threat to re-gional stability; Whereas Russian President Vladimir V. Putin has a history of regional aggression, including the Russian invasion of the South Ossetia and Abkhazia regions of the Georgia in 2008 and intervention in favor of the breakaway region of Transnistria in Moldova in 1991-1992; Whereas Article II of the Charter of the United Nations states that ‘‘all members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independ-ence of any state’’; Whereas, in 1994, the United States, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom, and Ukraine signed the Budapest Memo-randum, in which all parties pledged to re-spect and uphold Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity in exchange for Ukraine voluntarily giving up the world’s third-larg-est nuclear arsenal, which it inherited fol-lowing the collapse of the Soviet Union; Whereas a failure of the United States to uphold the terms of the Budapest Memo-randum would have significant consequences for the credibility of United States guaran-tees related to nuclear nonproliferation and undermine America’s commitment to the principle of the inviolability of national bor-ders; Whereas an association agreement between Ukraine and the European Union was signed in 2014, a move which will strengthen ties with Europe and which President Poroshenko described as Ukraine’s ‘‘most important day’’ since it secured its independ-ence in 1991; Whereas, on February 28, 2014, Russian forces in unmarked uniforms occupied stra-tegic civil and military infrastructure in Cri-mea and provided support to pro-Russian mi-litias and activists as part of a coordinated strategy to seize control of Crimea and cre-ate the illusion of an organic, local rebellion against oppressive Ukrainian authorities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.024 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2001 March 27, 2017 
Whereas, on March 18, 2014, following a fraudulent public referendum that was boy-cotted by most Crimean Tatars and Ukrain-ians and conducted under the shadow of Rus-sian military forces, President Putin signed a treaty annexing Ukraine’s Crimea region, which was immediately met with condemna-tion by the United States and the inter-national community; Whereas, on July 17, 2014, Malaysia Air-lines flight MH17 was shot down near the vil-lage of Grabove over rebel-held territory, killing the nearly 300 people onboard, an at-tack for which the Dutch Safety Board con-cluded that the Russian-backed separatists were responsible; Whereas the Government of Ukraine and Russian-backed rebels agreed to a now-failed cease-fire (‘‘Minsk I’’) on September 5, 2014, which called for the withdrawal of ‘‘illegal armed groups as well as militants and merce-naries from the territory of Ukraine’’; Whereas a Memorandum was signed by par-ties to Minsk I on September 19, 2014, out-lining their understanding of and obligations to the agreement; Whereas the fragile cease-fire established by the Minsk I agreement deteriorated fol-lowing heavy fighting in the Donetsk region, which included operations by Russian-led separatists and regular Russian forces; Whereas the Minsk II Agreement signed on February 12, 2015, by the Russian Federation, Ukraine, Germany, and France, included the withdrawal of all foreign armed groups, weapons, and mercenaries; Whereas, on February 25, 2015, General Philip Breedlove, NATO Supreme Allied Commander, said that the state of affairs in Ukraine is ‘‘getting worse every day’’ and the Russian Federation has no intention of retreating from Ukraine until its ‘‘objectives are accomplished’’; Whereas Russian-backed separatists con-tinue to shell parts of Ukraine and separat-ists have executed Ukrainian servicemembers, both in direct violation of the negotiated cease-fire; Whereas aggression by Russian-led sepa-ratist forces in Avdiivka in early February 2017 sparked the worst fighting since 2015 and resulted in significant damage to civilian in-frastructure and the displacement of thou-sands of civilians; Whereas, despite President Poroshenko’s statement that Crimea is still Ukraine, and in the face of Resolution 68/262 adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on March 27, 2014, which reiterated the sov-ereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and stated that the referendum held on March 16, 2014, had ‘‘no validity [and] cannot form the basis for any alteration of the sta-tus of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea or of the city of Sevastopol,’’ the Government of the Russian Federation continues to refer to Crimea as a ‘‘region of the Russian Fed-eration,’’ declaring that ‘‘of course the sub-ject of our region is not up for discussion’’; Whereas the United Nations General As-sembly adopted Resolution 71/205, which con-demned the ‘‘abuses, measures and practices of discrimination against the residents of the temporarily occupied Crimea, including Cri-mean Tatars, as well as Ukrainians and per-sons belonging to other ethnic and religious groups, by the Russian occupation authori-ties’’; Whereas, during a hearing held by the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate on March 10, 2015, former United States Ambassador to Ukraine John E. Herbst cau-tioned that President Putin is attempting to ‘‘overturn the post-Cold War order estab-lished in Europe and Eurasia’’; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation has previously cut off natural gas to Ukraine as a bargaining chip; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation has gone to great lengths to hide evidence of its military support, including deploying mobile crematoriums to dispose of the bodies of servicemembers and classifying the deaths of its servicemembers during peacetime a state secret; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation is directly arming, training, sup-plying, and commanding separatist forces in eastern Ukraine, and Russian military per-sonnel maintain a regular presence inside the territory of Ukraine; Whereas Russia vetoed United Nations Se-curity Council Resolution 2015/562, which would have established an international tri-bunal to prosecute those responsible for the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17; Whereas OSCE vehicles have been attacked in an attempt to intimidate Special Moni-toring Mission (SSM) personnel, with the deputy head of mission Alexander Hug not-ing the attacks seemed to be ‘‘aimed at stop-ping the OSCE from reporting what is going on [in Donetsk]’’; Whereas Ukraine’s National Security Council outlined a new military doctrine in September 2015 that declared Ukraine’s in-tention to achieve the criteria for joining NATO; Whereas Ukrainian leaders, including President Petro Poroshenko, have stated the Government of Ukraine’s desire to pursue closer cooperation with NATO with the goal of potentially joining NATO in the future, with Rada Speaker Andriy Parubiy stating in June 2016 that he is ‘‘convinced that for Ukraine, at the time of Russian aggression, NATO membership is the strategic direction of our development’’; Whereas the United Nations has reported that, since the beginning of the conflict, al-most 10,000 people have been killed, includ-ing more than 2,000 civilians; Whereas the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) re-ports that nearly 600,000 children living in eastern Ukraine have been deeply affected by the conflict and that 1,000,000 children in Ukraine are in ‘‘urgent need’’ of humani-tarian assistance, and the European Union reports that a total of 3,800,000 people are in need of humanitarian assistance; Whereas the United Nations Working Group on Mercenaries in March 2016 raised ‘‘deep concern’’ about the conflict in Ukraine and called on Ukraine to ‘‘ensure account-ability for human rights violations com-mitted by foreign armed actors’’; Whereas the United Nations High Commis-sioner for Human Rights reports several in-stances of pro-unity supporters and Crimean Tatar activists being abducted or ‘‘found dead in circumstances resembling a sum-mary execution’’ alleged to be committed by ‘‘the de facto authorities of Crimea, or with their authorization, support or acquies-cence’’; Whereas journalists have come under at-tack or arrest for speaking out against Rus-sian aggression, such as Pavel G. Sheremet, who was killed by a car bomb in July 2016, and Mykola Semena, a reporter for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty arrested in Cri-mea and currently on trial for writing that Crimea was part of Ukraine; Whereas NATO pledged, during the July 2016 NATO summit in Warsaw, to provide ad-ditional training and technical support to the Ukrainian military and re-endorsed a Comprehensive Assistance Package that will ensure the Government of Ukraine receives further advisory support, enhanced defense capabilities, and military training; Whereas the United States Government has committed over $600,000,000 in security assistance to Ukraine since 2014; Whereas Congress has authorized the pro-vision of defensive lethal assistance to Ukraine in the Ukraine Freedom Support Act (Public Law 113–272), the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), and the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328); Whereas, in 2014, President Barack Obama issued Executive Orders 13660, 13661, 13662, and 13685, which imposed sanctions blocking property of certain persons and prohibiting transactions with respect to the Crimea Re-gion of Ukraine as a result of Russia’s illegal annexation and military aggression in Ukraine; Whereas NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg stated on November 21, 2016, that NATO ‘‘will never recognize the illegal annexation of Crimea, and [NATO] continue[s] supporting the territorial integ-rity and sovereignty of Ukraine’’; Whereas, on February 3, 2017, United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley stated, ‘‘Crimea is a part of Ukraine. Our Crimea-related sanctions will remain in place until Russia returns control over the peninsula to Ukraine.’’; Whereas, on February 16, 2017, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated, ‘‘As we search for new common ground we expect Russia to honor its commitment to the Minsk agree-ments and work to de-escalate violence in Ukraine.’’; Whereas, on March 13, 2017, the European Union extended sanctions against Russian individuals and entities imposed because of the annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation; Whereas United Nations Secretary-General Anto´nio Guterres on February 21, 2017, stat-ed that the United Nations ‘‘remains com-mitted to supporting the peaceful resolution of the conflict in a manner that fully up-holds the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and independence of Ukraine’’; Whereas President Putin has made alarm-ing claims about his views on Russian territoriality, stating that Russia’s border ‘‘doesn’t end anywhere,’’ and has since an-nounced that he ‘‘[does not] regret any-thing’’ about annexing Crimea; and Whereas Ukraine celebrated its 25th year of independence on August 24, 2016: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the Government of the Rus-sian Federation’s illegal, unprovoked mili-tary occupation of the Crimea region of Ukraine and continued aggression in eastern Ukraine, and reiterates that it is the policy of the United States not to recognize the de jure or de facto sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea or any other seized area in Ukraine, its airspace, or its terri-torial waters; (2) supports the vigorous enforcement of sanctions and opposes the lifting of sanc-tions as long as Russia continues its mili-tary aggression in Ukraine in violation of the Minsk II Agreement; (3) calls on the Government of the Russian Federation to immediately end its support for the separatists in eastern Ukraine, allow Ukraine to regain control of its internation-ally recognized borders, and withdraw its military presence in eastern Ukraine, includ-ing Crimea; (4) declares that the United States Govern-ment must never recognize the illegal annex-ation of Crimea by the Russian Federation; (5) urges the President of the United States, in coordination with United States allies, to stand by Ukraine, condemn contin-ued Russian aggression, and use all possible tools to combat Russian belligerence, includ-ing increased economic sanctions, defensive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.020 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2002 March 27, 2017 
lethal assistance, and democracy and hu-manitarian assistance, as authorized by the Ukraine Freedom Support Act, the Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, and the Fiscal Year 2017 National De-fense Authorization Act; (6) urges the President of the United States to continue United States support for the Ukrainian economy and civil society, includ-ing continued support by international fi-nancial institutions, such as the Inter-national Monetary Fund; (7) condemns efforts by the Government of the Russian Federation to intimidate and co-erce nations in Eastern Europe from strengthening their ties with NATO and the European Union; (8) supports efforts by the United States Government and United States allies to strengthen the energy sector in Ukraine in order to reduce Ukraine’s dependence on nat-ural gas imported from the Russian Federa-tion; (9) acknowledges the Government of Ukraine for its commitment to reform and encourages it to continue implementation of key reforms, including judicial reform, greater parliamentary oversight, further im-plementation of anti-corruption initiatives, including prosecutions and convictions of major figures involved in corruption schemes, budget and procurement trans-parency and accountability across govern-ment, civilian control of the military, and improved end-use monitoring and sustainment plans for United States security assistance items; (10) urges the President of the United States not to agree to any final settlement of the conflict in Ukraine without the con-sent of the Government of Ukraine; (11) pledges continued support for all democratic allies and partners of the United States facing increased Russian aggression; (12) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to the Budapest Memorandum on security assurances; (13) reiterates the obligation of all nations under the United Nations Charter to respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of other nations; (14) encourages United States allies in Eu-rope to continue their coordinated efforts to counter Russian aggression in the region, in-cluding economic sanctions, increased de-fense spending, and greater action against Russian disinformation and propaganda in order to make clear that Russian efforts will not go unchecked; (15) calls on the Government of the Rus-sian Federation to provide greater access to the Organization for Security and Co-oper-ation in Europe’s (OSCE) Special Monitoring Mission (SMM) in order to ensure credible international monitoring of compliance with the Minsk agreement; and (16) calls on the Government of the Rus-sian Federation to engage seriously in dia-logue with the Government of Ukraine—in coordination with key international part-ners—in order to come to an agreement that respects Ukraine’s sovereignty, ensures re-gional stability, and puts both nations on the path towards a permanent ceasefire. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 193. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro. SA 194. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 193 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra. SA 195. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 196. Mr. MCCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 195 submitted by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 197. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the resolution of ratification for Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 198. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 197 submitted by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the resolution of ratification for Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 199. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 200. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 201. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 202. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the resolu-tion of ratification for Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 203. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the resolu-tion of ratification for Treaty Doc. 114–12, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 193. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Pro-tocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; as follows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This Treaty shall be effective 1 day after ratification.’’ 
SA 194. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 193 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North At-lantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 195. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end add the following: ‘‘This Treaty shall be effective 3 days after ratification.’’ 
SA 196. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 195 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Pro-tocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 197. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the resolution of ratification for Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end add the following: ‘‘This resolution shall be effective 5 days after ratification.’’ 
SA 198. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 197 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the resolution of ratifi-cation for Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
SA 199. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of Article I of the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Ac-cession of Montenegro, add the following: ‘‘The Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro shall not obligate the United States Armed Forces to hostilities in accordance with Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 unless the United States Congress passes a declaration of war pursuant to article I, section 8, clause 11 of the United States Constitution.’’. 
SA 200. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of Article I of the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Ac-cession of Montenegro, add the following: ‘‘The Protocol is dependent on Montenegro meeting its commitment that defense ex-penditure is two percent of Montenegro’s gross domestic product.’’. 
SA 201. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of Article I of the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Ac-cession of Montenegro, add the following: ‘‘The Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro is de-pendent on each member of NATO and Mon-tenegro meeting its commitment that de-fense expenditure is two percent of its gross domestic product.’’. 
SA 202. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the resolution of ratification for Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of paragraph (1) of section 3, add the following: (C) The inclusion of Montenegro in NATO will contribute materially to the territorial defense of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.020 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2003 March 27, 2017 
SA 203. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the resolution of ratification for Treaty Doc. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 2, add the following: (8) F
UTURE SENATE CONSIDERATION OF FU -
TURE NATO EXPANSION .—The Senate declares that any future initiative to expand NATO should be thoroughly debated and considered from inception, with the highest priority given to evaluating the benefits and risks of such an expansion to the security of the American people and the safety of members of the United States Armed Forces. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have one request for a committee to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 27, 2017, at 12 p.m., in SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 25 through 30; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Tony D. Bauernfeind Brig. Gen. William T. Cooley Brig. Gen. Stephen L. Davis Brig. Gen. Patrick J. Doherty Brig. Gen. James A. Jacobson Brig. Gen. David A. Krumm Brig. Gen. Jeffrey A. Kruse Brig. Gen. Michael A. Minihan Brig. Gen. Shaun Q. Morris Brig. Gen. Thomas E. Murphy Brig. Gen. David S. Nahom Brig. Gen. Stephen W. Oliver, Jr. Brig. Gen. John M. Pletcher Brig. Gen. Scott L. Pleus Brig. Gen. John T. Rauch, Jr. Brig. Gen. Brian S. Robinson Brig. Gen. Ricky N. Rupp Brig. Gen. Dirk D. Smith Brig. Gen. Kirk W. Smith Brig. Gen. Paul W. Tibbets, IV Brig. Gen. Andrew J. Toth Brig. Gen. Mark E. Weatherington The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Dagvin R. M. Anderson Col. Jason R. Armagost Col. Craig R. Baker Col. Gentry W. Boswell Col. Richard H. Boutwell Col. Ryan L. Britton Col. Brian R. Bruckbauer Col. Lance R. Bunch Col. Todd D. Canterbury Col. Case A. Cunningham Col. Evan C. Dertien Col. Michael L. Downs Col. Troy E. Dunn Col. Derek C. France Col. David M. Gaedecke Col. Philip A. Garrant Col. Anthony W. Genatempo Col. Kristin E. Goodwin Col. Christopher J. Ireland Col. David R. Iverson Col. Joel D. Jackson Col. Ronald E. Jolly, Sr. Col. Michael G. Koscheski Col. David J. Kumashiro Col. John D. Lamontagne Col. Leah G. Lauderback Col. Charles B. McDaniel Col. John C. Millard Col. Albert G. Miller Col. John J. Nichols Col. Robert G. Novotny Col. Lansing R. Pilch Col. Donna D. Shipton Col. Jeremy T. Sloane Col. Phillip A. Stewart Col. David H. Tabor IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Paul A. Ostrowski The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Sean B. MacFarland The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Francisco A. Espaillat The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Jeffrey A. Roach f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appoints the following Member to serve on the Congressional-Executive Com-mission on the People’s Republic of China: the Honorable ANGUS S. K ING, J
R., of Maine. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE REAPPOINT-MENT OF A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S.J. Res. 30. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the joint resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 30) providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a cit-izen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the joint resolution be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 30) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 30 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy on the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of Steve Case of Virginia on April 25, 2017, is filled by the reappointment of the incum-bent. The reappointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on the later of April 26, 2017, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution. f 
PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINT-MENT OF A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S.J. Res. 35. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the joint resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.026 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2004 March 27, 2017 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 35) providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the joint resolution be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 35) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 35 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of Dr. Shirley Ann Jackson of New York on May 5, 2017, is filled by the appointment of Michael Govan of California. The appoint-ment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on May 6, 2017, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, whichever occurs later. f 
PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINT-MENT OF A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S.J. Res. 36. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the joint resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 36) providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the joint resolution be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 36) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 36 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of Robert P. Kogod of the District of Colum-bia on May 5, 2017, is filled by the appoint-ment of Roger W. Ferguson of the District of Columbia. The appointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on May 6, 2017, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution, whichever occurs later. f ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 28; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of Executive Calendar No. 1, the Mon-tenegro treaty, postcloture; finally, that all time during leader remarks, morning business, recess, and adjourn-ment of the Senate count postcloture. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:24 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, March 28, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
WILLIAM FRANCIS HAGERTY IV, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO JAPAN. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
SCOTT GOTTLIEB, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF FOOD AND DRUGS, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE ROBERT MCKINNON CALIFF. 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
ALTHEA COETZEE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY ADMIN-ISTRATOR OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, VICE DOUGLAS J. KRAMER. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRYAN P. FENTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DARRELL K. WILLIAMS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. DAVID H. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KARL O. THOMAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MATHIAS W. WINTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) STEVEN L. PARODE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN P. POLOWCZYK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JON A. HILL REAR ADM. (LH) GORDON D. PETERS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
RAYMOND C. JONES III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER E. AUSTIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT D. HOUGHTELING GEMINI O. MAJKOWSKI ROBIN J. MCCREADY CARL H. SPEARS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LISA ANN BANYASZ MARYJANE CAHILL BARBARA J. MARCHIANDO CONSTANCE S. REVORE STUART D. RHOADES JOANNA D. RODRIGUEZ DAVID S. SANCHEZ JAMES E. SCHAAF JULIE L. WIBLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LORI J. BETTERS KRISTINA D. FORBES LINDA FLANIGAN LINDBERG LINDA T. RICHO LISA S. SHEAR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JAMES A. CRIDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOSE E. BARRERA VITO JIMMY CARABETTA LAWSON ASHLEY B. COPLEY LAURIE C. DAVIGNON RODNEY A. FRIEND SAMUEL M. GALVAGNO AARON BRUCE GREENSPAN DAVID L. HUANG JAMES F. HUIET III KEYAN D. RILEY SHAWN S. SHRAWNY HARLAN LUKE SOUTH ERIC S. STEM DMITRY TUDER DAVID H. ZONIES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KRISTIN L. ADER JON PAUL BURGESS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G27MR6.026 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2005 March 27, 2017 
MAREN L. CALVERT AIMEE M. CANNON SETH COWELL RATNA CONTRACTOR GUPTA PAUL M. HILLMAN KRISTINE D. KUENZLI CHRISTINE C. PIPER MELISSA A. SARAGOSA TIMOTHY J. TUTTLE CHRISTOPHER C. VANNATTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GREGG MICHAEL CAGGIANELLI JOHN M. PAINTER CHRISTOPHER D. WEBB WILLIAM SCOTT WIECHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PATRICK W. ALBRECHT CHRISTOPHER B. ANDERSON ERIK LAURENTZ AUFDERHEIDE ATHANASIA G. AUSTIN KELLY L. BAILEY FREDERICK EDWARD BERLS, JR. BRIAN J. BEVERIDGE BARRY REED BILLMANN CHRISTOPHER J. BLANCHETTE AARON R. BLUM JOHN G. BOJANAC TODD ALEXANDER BORZYCH SCOTT E. BRIESE CASEY J. BURRIL ADRIAN R. BYERS AGUSTIN CARRERO CURT A. CASTILLO MARSHALL F. CHALVERUS CHARLES B. CHAPMAN III SCOTT R. CLARK CHRISTOPHER D. CODDINGTON JAMES E. COLLINS II STEVEN C. COMBS DAVID R. COOKSEY BRUCE A. COOLE CASEY PATRICK COOLEY TRACY L. COYNE BARRY H. CRANE MICHAEL PATRICK CRUFF DOUGLAS A. DEMATTHEW JOHN C. DOBBIN EVE A. DOUGLAS JAMES S. DOYLE DAVID K. EDWARDS PATRICK J. EGAN, JR. MICHAEL B. ELTZ MICHAEL RYAN FARMER JENNIFER A. FITCH ERIKA A. FOSTER LOUIS WILFRED FOURNIER, JR. SURYA J. FRICKEL LARRY B. GEORGE RANDAL L. GEORGE MICHAEL D. GIEDT MARY KATHRYN HADDAD JOSEPH MATTHEW HAGANS NEIL MATTHEW HEDE JAMES NORRIS HENDRICKSON MARC E. HENRI ROBERT D. HERSLOW PAUL J. HESS III ROSADEL D. HOFFMAN DEBORAH A. HOLINGER BETH K. HORINE KELLY ELIZABETH HOSEY EDWARD T. HUNN ROBERT E. JACKSON, JR. ALARIC J. JORGENSEN DAVID F. KATTLER SHARIFUL M. KHAN SHARON K. E. KIBILOSKI ALEXIS KIMBER JASON W. KING KURT ALAN KOCHENDARFER KEVIN M. KOENIG MATTHEW A. KOZMA BARRY J. LAWLOR CHRISTOPHER T. LAY DAVID J. LEHRMAN CHRISTOPHER L. MANNING JASON S. MARTIN BRIAN A. MAY HEATHER M. MCCUE BRIAN J. MCCULLAGH NICK R. MCKENZIE JACOB C. MCMANUS PAXTON S. MELLINGER MICHAEL C. MENTAVLOS SHIRLEY A. MERCIER JAMES C. MILLER JAMIE SUE MILLSAPS KELLI A. MOLTER WILLIAM C. MONAHAN, JR. DANIEL D. MOORE MICHAEL WILLIAM MORRISETT JENNIFER S. MORRISON LARA B. MORRISON HOANG T. NGUYEN KIMBERLY L. NOBLE KIMBERLY L. NORMAN JOHN C. ODUM ROBERT N. OSBORN JENNIFER L. PAGE MICHELLE L. PATTERSON LILLIAN R. PRINCE DANIEL E. REECE TIMOTHY C. REYNOLDS RANDALL L. ROBERTS LARA P. ROWLANDS LESLEY GREGG RUSSELL MARK A. SARAGOSA ERIC A. SEIBOLD EPHOD SHANG NORMAN B. SHAW, JR. AMANDA M. SHEETS JOHN THOMAS SILANCE II JENA L. SILVA ADAM P. SIVULKA KRISTINE B. SMITH RAYMOND ARCHER SMITH CRISTINA M. SOARES JONATHAN M. SONGER MICHAEL A. SOVITSKY JULIE ANNE SPEARS MARK W. STAFFORD JAIME LEANNE STIELER KEITH D. SUDDER DAVID D. SUNDLOV KEVIN K. SUTTERFIELD GAVIN D. TADE STEPHEN NILES TAYLOR TERRY L. THIEM DON L. THIGPEN II JANETTE L. THODE TODD L. TOBERGTE ERIC W. VONTROTHA TIMOTHY D. VOSS THOMAS S. WALTER ELIZABETH T. WARD PHILIP O. WARLICK II PETER M. WEILBACH REBECCA LYNN WELCH STACY A. WHARTON KEITH ELLIOTT WHITEHOUSE NATHAN D. YATES STEPHEN S. YOON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
STEPHEN N. LUKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
TYLER J. BANACHOWSKI PHILLIP C. BARRAS JASMINE L. BEAUCHAMP DAVID C. BROCKBANK HEATHER MARIE BROOKS KIMBERLY L. BURFORD JEFFRY A. BURKE COURTNEY J. BURRILL MICHAEL A. CALDWELL STEPHEN M. CEOLLA DANIEL B. DAHL TROY M. DECKER ANDREW W. ELLIS FRANK J. EMMERT PATRICK B. GALLOWAY PATRICK M. GAUS JOSEPH L. GEDGE MEGAN JENIFER GRAFF JAMES A. GRIFFITH KURTIS G. HAMMACK GREGORY M. HAMMOND TYLER K. HAWKINS JEFFREY D. HEYSE, JR. ROBERT L. HILTON BLAKE L. HOEDEBECKE RICHARD A. HUTCHISON GEORGE D. HWANG JOSEPH E. JOHNSON MELISSA A. KOSSBIEL NATHAN T. LARSON KAITLIN E. LEE PAUL T. LEE GREYSON A. LEFTWICH CHRISTOPHER C. LOFTIN MICHAEL J. LUECK BRITTANY A. MALOVER CURT G. MARTIN JEREMY I. MATIS NATHANIEL S. MINTER PHUONG M. NGUYEN MELISSA ANN PARRA CORY S. PETERSON MATTHEW POPP BRADLY K. RUSSELL JENNY P. STEVENS KIMBERLY N. TONG ROSE H. TRAN EDWARD J. TUCHOLSKI ANDREW D. VERRETT JILL C. WATSON ERIC J. WESTERGARD BRENT L. WOODMANSEE PHILIP M. WORTHINGTON THOMAS L. WRIGHT MARITA N. ZGURI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
JONI A. ABBOTT DAVID A. ALT HANS J. AMEN JAMIE A. AMINSHARIFI NICOLAS C. APPLETON ALEXANDER C. AUSTIN YOLANDA A. BACKUS AARON J. BALLANTYNE SARAH M. BALLOGA AUGEN BATOU ALEXANDER F. BEDARD PETER BELL JOSHUA R. BERG DANIELLE K. BERSABE RICHARD D. BETZOLD JENNIFER E. BEVERAGE JONATHAN S. BINGHAM DLISA A. BITTERLY CATHERINE J. BLASSER CATHY DAY BOGGS JEREMY T. BOLIN LAUREN M. BOSSHARDT ADAM L. BOURGON MICHAEL J. BRAZEAU MATTHEW C. BROWN MICHELLE F. BUEHNER TIFFANY R. BURCA RILEY J. BURKE LESLIE R. CADET DANIELLE A. CADLE ROBERT W. CALHOUN ROSS M. CANUP STEPHANIE J. CARROLL NICHOLAS B. CATTANEO MARK A. CHENEY KEELY M. CHEVALLIER DOUG S. CHO JESSICA S. COLANESE STEVEN J. COLONNA JOHN C. COPELAND CALLIE MARIE COX BAUER JOSHUA N. CRAGUN ANDERS J. DAVIDSON KARLA T. DAVILA AMANDA L. DEANS SEAN M. DEBUYSERE JAMES P. DEERING III EMILY H. A. DENNEY AMANDA L. DERWAE KELLY JEAN DEWEY TROY R. DILLON EDGAR J. DOLLAR JOSHUA W. DONART FORTUNE J. EGBULEFU SHANE T. ELLIS ISAAC M. ENGHOLM REBECCA L. ENGLEBRETSON ELISHA N. FARNWORTH ANDREW J. FISHER EVAN I. FISHER DANIEL T. FLOOD STEVEN R. FRANCIS BRANDI N. FREELON GEORGE H. FULGHUM JESSICA RENEE GAMBOA DAVID S. GARCIA NICHOLAS J. GARCIA JONATHAN T. GASTON CHRISTOPHER L. GAUNDER DENNIS J. GEROLD CATHARINE L. GIANI MARY LIBERTY M. GIBBS JESSE K. GIFFHORN JOHN F. GILLIS WILLIAM G. GONCHAROW IAN P. GOODMAN CASSIDY J. GRAHAM CHRISTINA D. GREEN JULIE ANN GRIFFITH LEE R. HAFEN JEFFREY R. HALL TRENTON J. HANSEN BRIAN C. HANSHAW KALLYN D. HARENCAK MATTHEW K. HAWKS ALISON M. HELFRICH TASHA S. HELLU DANIELLE M. HERDER JOEL E. HERNESS STEPHEN D. HIOE REMEALLE A. HOW BENJAMIN HUANG BRIAN N. HUGHES PAMELA R. HUGHES BETH H. JOHNSON AARON A. JOHNSTON BRITTANY DUNN JORDAN ANDREA LYNN KAELIN DREW S. KAFER KENTON E. KAGY QUINTON J. KEIGLEY ALEXANDER R. KHERADI NATHAN M. KINDER WILLIAM N. KING WILSON G. KNIGHT II CRYSTAL V. KONDOWE MATTHEW T. KOROSCIL MARIA I. KRAVCHENKO KYLE D. KUTSCHE LASHELL KAY LABOUNTY JOSEPH A. LAROUCHE DANIEL R. LAVIN KATRINA M. LAWRENCE WOLFF JOHN W. LAX THANH THAO T. LE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.027 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2006 March 27, 2017 
JENNIFER I. LEGGOE ANTHON J. LEMON BRITTANY L. LENZ CRYSTAL R. LENZ BRANDON S. LERNER STEVEN D. LEWIS LUKE LI VICTOR D. LOHLA, JR. NICHOLAS I. LONGSTREET JOHN A. LOSURDO MAI N. LUU THUZAR W. LWIN LISA M. MANNINA STEPHANIE L. MATHRE SHANNON L. MCCARTHY MEGAN B. MCDONALD MEGAN S. MCGEARY DONALD C. MCMILLAN BRIAN F. MCQUILLAN MATTHEW L. MCROBERTS LYNETTE M. MENDOZA KIRK A. MIDDLETON JAMES D. MIKOLAJCZAK BRITTANY M. MILLARD HASTING ALISA A. MILLER CHARLES K. MILLER MANISHA K. MILLS MARCIA E. MIRANDA JENNIFER L. MITCHELL DAVID J. MORROW LINDSAY M. MORROW SARA M. D. MOSCOW VIVINA A. NAPIER PRIYA I. NATH SEAN T. NELSON KHANG T. NGUYEN SUMMER H. NGUYEN FREDERICK W. NIELSON GREGORY K. NISHIMURA JAIME R. OBSZANSKI KIRK N. ODONNELL JOSEPHINE K. OLSEN JOHN J. OLSHEFSKI GLEN I. OLSON DAVID R. OTTEN SAMUEL C. OWEN CANDACE ROSE V. PACE GARRETT L. PARKER MICHAEL R. PARKS SHANE B. PATTERSON JOHN DAMON PAVLUS KATHERINE M. PEARSON JAMES G. PENNINGTON CHRISTINE J. PERSINGER TIMOTHY E. PETERSON JESSICA L. PILKINGTON BENJAMIN F. PLUCKNETTE MILT G. POLL LAUREN CHRISTINE POWELL KENNETH H. POWER JAISAL K. PRAGANI JOSHUA L. PRINGLE MATTHEW A. PUDERBAUGH JEREMY S. RAAB MATTHEW F. RAINES ERIK J. RASMUSSEN BETSY L. REESE STEPHANIE W. REISER NATHANIEL J. RENES ALEKSANDER S. ROBLES LORENA B. RODRIGUEZ NORTH CHRISTOPHER J. RODRIGUEZ JOSHUA R. ROE PAOLA ANDREA ROSA JENNIFER E. SALGUERO CZARINA E. SANCHEZ REBECCA S. SCHAPIRA RICARDO A. SEQUEIRA ANDREW G. SHAHAN KATHERINE E. SHEDLOCK JOSHUA L. SHIELDS DAVID T. SHOOK MICHAEL SIBEL ANTHONY P. SIDARI LAURA THERESE SIDARI WENDY D. SINGLETON KRISTEN L. SLAPPEY MICHAEL T. SMOLKA MEREDITH E. SOMMERVILLE TIMOTHY E. SOMMERVILLE BRANDON C. SPECHT TRISTAN M. SPIERLING CHARLIE N. SRIVILASA SUZANNE N. STAMMLER CHRISTOPHER J. STEEL SARAH N. STEELE JOSHUA C. STEPHENS THERESA I. STOCKINGER BRIDGET R. STRALKA JONATHAN S. STRALKA MAMIE C. STULL DUSTY L. SWENDSON NICOLE E. TAFURI MEGHAN K. TAPE DAVID M. TAYLOR MEGHAN K. TAYLOR TREVOR A. THOMPSON RYAN J. THORDAL CATHERINE M. TOLVO PANSY UBEROI WILLIAM E. VALENCIA AMANDA M. VICKERS LUZDIVINA A. VINE JOHN T. R. VOGEL ELISICIA L. VOLTZ CHRISTOPHER J. WALKER KATHRYN I. WARD WHITTNEY A. WARREN MICHAEL A. WEISBRUCH SAMUEL L. WEISS KASEY C. WELCH ANDY R. WELSTEAD ROBERT L. WETZLER JENNIFER L. WHITMORE MONICA JILL WILKINS ERIN LOGGINS WINKLER TIFFANY C. WINSTON JAMES WIRTHLIN DANIELLE C. YUEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL J. ALFARO MERRILL L. ALLEY SHELRETHIA BATTLE SIATITA AMY ANN CAMPBELL WONIL W. CHONG BRIAN M. CLEMENT BRANDON J. CUMMINS MICHAEL G. DIFELICE JUSTIN L. DRAB ROBERT E. FULLER BENJAMIN G. HUGHES EMILY TATE IBARRA CLAY J. JENSEN, JR. DANA A. JENSEN PAUL H. KIM KIBROM T. MEHARI AUDRA D. MYERS TENESHIA S. NELSON HODGES CHRISTOPHER S. NUTTALL ZACHARY E. PERRY JAMES J. RENDA DAVID F. SERVELLO RIAN W. SUIHKONEN TAD C. THOLSTROM TIBEBU M. TSEGGA MEGHAN J. VANDERHEIDEN JOSHUA A. VESS JAMES A. WEALLEANS BRYAN M. WILSON SARA M. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JESSICA L. ABBOTT KARLA E. ADAMS THOMAS A. ADAMS SHELLEY L. ALDRICH DAVID M. ARNER ERIN S. BARTH MARC N. BOGGY CHARLES W. BORDERS III ADAM W. BOSTICK ROBERT O. BRADY JASON A. BROCKER LAUREN A. BUCK ERIN C. BURRIS JENNIFER G. CHANG JOSEPH G. COLES NOEL R. COLLS DANIEL B. COX DUSTIN A. CREECH EMILY M. CULLINEY GEOFFREY P. DOUGLAS JOSHUA L. DURHAM RYAN E. EARNEST MARY F. FINN RYAN P. FINNAN JONATHAN A. FORBES ROBERT A. FREEMAN SHANNON GAFFNEY BRIAN J. GAVITT RYAN C. GOUGH DAVID B. GRAHAM LAYNE B. GREEN SCOTT A. HABER STEFAN C. HAMELIN JOSHUA A. HAMILTON DANIEL R. HATCHER SALLY R. HAYES ERICA M. HILL JOSEPH K. HOBBS VALERIE C. HOSTETLER MATTHEW G. HOYT JOANNA M. JACKSON FORREST C. JELLISON JEREMY A. JENSEN RONALD L. JONES JON J. JUHASZ BELINDA LEE KELLY ZACKARY J. KENT HYAEHWAN KIM RICHARD C. KIPP JOSEPH M. KUEBKER WINTON P. D. LASLIE ARTHUR N. LAWRANCE AARON D. LEWIS JOHN LICHTENBERGER III CHRISTOPHER J. LINDSHIELD GIOVANNI E. LORENZ JESSICA A. LOTRIDGE MATTHEW C. MAI LOU ROSE M. MALAMUG TOKUNBO J. MATTHEWS ANDREW K. MATTHIES CARRIE L. MCBEECOOKE EDWARD T. MCCANN SEAN C. MCCARTHY SCOTT B. MCCUSKER ROBERT J. MCGILL MATTHEW J. MCHALE LUKE R. MICHELS BETHANY M. MIKLES JOHN EMMET MILES MARIBEL MORGAN BENJAMIN D. MORROW DAVID A. MOSTELLER KHAYANGA S. NAMASAKA JAVED M. NASIR AUSTIN T. NELSON BRIAN E. NEUBAUER MARCUS C. NEUFFER TRAVIS R. NEWBERRY CLIFTON M. NOWELL MANUEL A. NUNEZ MICHAEL S. OERTLY DAVID J. OETTEL JON R. OLSON GEOFFREY J. ORAVEC ELDON G. PALMER JEREMY D. PARKER AASTA R. PEDERSEN SCOTT B. PHILLIPS BRIAN J. PICKARD MONICA LYNN PIERCE WYSONG KEVIN P. PIERONI LUKE H. PORSI JOSEPH W. PUGH MICHAEL L. RAWLINS DAVID S. ROBINSON ANDREW J. ROHRER JAIME ROJAS DAVID M. ROSE ELIZABETH G. SARNOSKI BRETT E. SCHNEIDER LATRISE P. SEARSON NORRIS CHRISTOPHER O. SEGURA MUHAMMAD A. SHEIKH STACY KING SLAT DEREK M. SORENSEN JON E. STANDLEY IAN J. STEWART NATHAN S. SUMNER JONATHAN A. SUNKIN RYAN W. SWOPE COLE R. TAYLOR CHUONG N. THAI MICHAEL C. TOMPKINS CHARLA C. TULLY STEPHEN E. VARGA CHRISTINE D. VO CHRISTOPHER N. VOJTA LESLIE R. VOJTA ADAM R. WALKER LELAND H. WEBB RAMOTHEA L. WEBSTER ERIN M. WEEDEN JASON M. WEST SUSAN L. WHITEWAY MATTHEW T. WILDE MICAH D. WILL GREGORY J. WILLIAMS HEATH D. WRIGHT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
COREY R. ANDERSON RICHARD A. BUCK JOHN C. DAVIS JOE W. HOWARD DAVID E. KLINGMAN JERRY L. LEONARD BRIAN G. MIN INAAM A. A. PEDALINO BRIAN W. PENTON ANTHONY PRESICCI TERESA E. REEVES SONG B. RHIM ANDREW J. STOY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
EDWARD R. ANDERSON III PETER I. ANDERSON CLAY M. BALDWIN JOSEPH R. BEARD IV PATRICK S. BRANNAN LISA D. BROSTROM JOHN S. BRUUN GEORGE J. BUSE SCOT E. CAMPBELL WILLIAM H. CANN JENNIFER C. CHOW RAYMOND J. CLYDESDALE ALLISON A. COGAR CHRISTOPHER A. COOP DAVID M. CRAWFORD ERIC P. CRITCHLEY GLENN MICHAEL DONNELLY YASHIKA T. DOOLEY JOHN R. DORSCH JOSEPH J. DUBOSE ROBERT L. ELLER ROBERT L. ELWOOD BRIAN M. FAUX JOHN F. FREILER VERONICA M. GONZALEZ NIRAJ GOVIL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.030 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2007 March 27, 2017 
DANIEL D. GRUBER DERRICK A. HAMAOKA DAVID A. HARDY CINDY LOU HARRIS GRAESSLE JOHN M. HATFIELD COLLEEN M. KERSGARD DANIEL L. LAMAR KERRY P. LATHAM DOUGLAS A. LEACH ALARIC C. LEBARON FORREST D. LITTLEBIRD MONICA M. LOVASZ GREGORY J. MALONE JON KYLE MARTI DEREK A. MATHIS COLLEEN M. MCBRATNEY JASON L. MUSSER CHRISTOPHER J. NAGY SEAN P. OBRIEN WILLIAM T. OBRIEN, SR. MARIBEL B. ORANTE MANGILOG VICTOR L. ORTIZ ORTIZ AMY L. PARKER ROBERT SARLAY, JR. ERICH W. SCHROEDER RICHARD J. SERKOWSKI CECILIA SESSIONS CARPENTER LUCAS M. SHELDON WILLIAM K. SKINNER MARK A. SLABAUGH SHAYNE C. STOKES BRYAN J. UNSELL CHRISTOPHER S. WALKER ERIK K. WEITZEL PATRICK F. WHITNEY ROBERT B. WOOLLEY RAMON YAMBO ARIAS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SCOTT C. APLING THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
PATRICIA L. GEORGE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
SUSAN M. MCGARVEY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ADAM J. POINTS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
LARRY G. WORKMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ROBERT J. DUNLAP THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
WAYNE O. DEHANEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOHNATHAN T. PARCHEM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JACOB P. ABSALON MATTHEW ACOSTA RYAN P. ADAMS ANTHONY A. AKRAMI JOHN L. ALBERT FELIPE ALBINO JASON D. ALBRECHT CYLE E. ALDEN ANDRESS F. ALEGRE BRIAN E. ALEXANDER JOSEPH M. ALEXANDER TREVOR D. ALEXANDER CHAZ E. ALLEN JOSHUA D. ALLEN GUY L. ALLSUP CHRISTINE M. ANDERSEN KEVIN T. ANDERSEN THOMAS D. ANDERSEN CAMERON C. ANDERSON TOBIAS J. APPS TIMOTHY E. ARAS PETER L. ARENDT ALEX B. ARMSTRONG DANIEL J. ARNOLD TIMOTHY A. ASHCRAFT MATTHEW W. ASMUS, JR. STEPHEN A. AUSTRIA ORI I. AVILA DIANA J. AXAYMAC CAREY E. BABER SHAUN M. BAILEY COLIN P. BAIR CHRISTOPHER A. BAKER SCOTT A. BAKER CHRISTOPHER A. BARNETT DEREK D. BARRICK ALLEN J. BARRON ANDREW M. BARTLETT NICHOLAS J. BARWIKOWSKI JONATHAN J. BATT RYAN A. BAUM JOSEPH M. BAUMANN DOUGLAS D. BAZIL CHRISTOPHER M. BEACH GARY A. BEAUMONT, JR. LISA M. BECKER CHRISTOPHER R. BECKWITH CHRISTOPHER M. BEHM DEREK T. BEHNEY JOSHUA R. BELL JENNIFER M. BELLAMY JORDAN M. BELLAMY CURT J. BELOHLAVEK ROBERT L. BENDER KELSEY J. BENO WILLIAM T. BERRY PETER V. BIER WALTER J. BINER BRIAN A. BISHOP GREGORY T. BLACK BRYAN J. BLACKBURN JAMES H. BLACKBURN CHRISTOPHER D. BLANC JEREMY J. BLASCAK AARON W. BOHANNAN MATTHEW T. BOISE KEVIN W. BOLDT JASON A. BOLSINGER ADAM P. BOLTON PAUL A. BORGMEYER JOHN M. BORLAND JAMESON O. BOSCOW MATTHEW C. BOUDRO GRANT J. BOULEY TONY D. BOWERS MARK S. BOYCHAK NICHOLAS A. BOYLE CHRISTOPHER B. BRADLEY ROBERT A. BRANCIERI, JR. CHRISTOPHER M. BRANDT JOSEPH P. BRESNAHAN VIRGINIA R. BRICKNER BENJAMIN R. BRINGHURST GARY L. BROOKS JOHN P. BROST DEREK P. BROWN KYLE T. BROWN PAUL D. BROWNHILL NICHOLAS B. BROWNING TIMOTHY E. BRUCE INGRID F. BRUNING SPENSER H. BRUNING ANDREW V. BRYANT DEXTER G. BUCHANAN BRIAN R. BUCHHOLZ THOMAS T. BULLER CALEB J. BURGESS DANIEL H. BURGESS MATTHEW W. BURGOON CHARLES J. BURKARDT GLENN W. BURKEY VINCENT F. BURLAZZI KYLE V. BURNS MARCELLE R. BURRONI JASON M. BURTON ELLISEUS J. BUSUEGO DAVID L. BUTLER CONRAD R. CABLAY CHRISTOPHER R. CAIL ANDREW C. CAIRNS JEREMY E. CALDWELL SEAN J. CALLEJASPRINGER LINDA F. CANDELARIO NATHANIEL T. CARTER SAM H. CASELLA JEFFERY B. CASHON GEORGE L. CASS JAMES A. CERRONE KEVIN R. CHAMBERLAIN ANDREW J. CHAMPION KENNETH T. CHAPLIN DANIEL K. CHAVES RICHARD S. CHERSICLA ERIKA L. CHEW JASON C. CHIMCHIRIAN THOMAS M. CHORMAN JOSHUA T. CHRISTIAN DAVID R. CHRISTMAS BRYAN A. CIABOTTE DUANE W. CLARK MATTHEW K. CLARK BRIAN N. CLASON MATTHEW R. CLAWSON DAVID L. CLAYTON PAUL M. CLEARY MATTHEW G. CLINE JONATHAN R. COCHRAN LOGAN M. COLE ANDREW M. COLEMAN JASON R. COLLIER NICOLE M. COLLINS CHRISTOPHER J. COLYER SHAWN M. COOK DAVID C. COOPER PHILIP H. COOPER SEAN M. CORBETT BRANDON R. CORBIN RUBEN L. COSTA PETER J. COURNIA JEFFREY P. COX TIMOTHY D. COX CAMERON S. CRAIG NICHOLAS L. CRAIG MICHAEL H. CRAIN WOODROW F. CROSBY III ANDREW B. CROWELL MICHAEL A. CRYER ADAM J. CUCCHIARA COURTENAY W. CULLEN NICHOLAS G. CULLURA JUSTIN L. CUNNINGHAM SEAN M. CURNOW MATTHEW M. DAIGLE ROSS E. DALY NICHOLAS J. DANNA MICHAEL P. DAVES DAVID L. DAVIDSON SCOTT P. DAVIS SCOTT T. DAWE DAVID K. DAWES JOSHUA J. DAWSON EDWIN B. DECKER PETER J. DEJONG DAVID A. DELCUADROZIMMERMAN JONATHAN A. DESOUZA STEPHEN L. DETERDING ROBERT D. DETIENNE TIMOTHY A. DEVINE NICHOLAS A. DEWEY ANDREW E. DIETZ JAMES D. DILLON MATTHEW M. DOBYNS DEREK O. DOE MAURICE P. DOMINGUEZ MICHAEL D. DOMOVICH ERIC S. DONAHUE JOHN J. DONOVAN BRADFORD S. DOOLEY KENNETH R. DOUGHER ANTHONY J. DOUGLASS STEPHEN N. DOYLE WILLIAM J. DOYLE NICHOLAS W. DRAKE SHERI M. DRAKE WILLIAM S. DRINKWATER SHAWN L. DRIVER PATRICK J. DUBOIS JOSHUA J. DURHAM SCOTT M. DYE MICHAEL B. DYER DODGER C. EATON DUSTIN L. EGGLESTON AARON S. EIDE JOHN M. EISENLOHR DAVID ELMO II JOHN T. ENDERLE ROBERT J. ETHERIDGE MICHAEL J. EVANS RICHARD C. EVANS III JONATHAN M. FAIRBROTHER CORY D. FAISON HOWARD E. FALLS KEVIN E. FARESE ANTHONY S. FATULA RYAN P. FEENEY MAGDA D. FELIZ JOSHUA W. FENDER STEPHEN J. FENNESSY COMADOR M. FERGUSON III TIMOTHY S. FERGUSON LAUREN G. N. FERNANDO JOHN T. FERRELL AARON C. FEUDO STEPHEN L. FICCHI DAVID L. FIFE JOSHUA M. FINK MATTHEW S. FINNIE NICOLAS J. FIORE JED A. FISHER CARY J. FITZPATRICK SCOTT W. FIXMER BENJAMIN J. FIZZELL DAVID M. FLAHERTY JOHN S. FLANAGAN III ERIC G. FLOOD ABRAM FLORES BENJAMIN R. FLORES JOHN C. FLOYD JARED T. FLURRY DANIEL J. FLYNN NIKOLAS M. FOLGERT COLIN J. FOOTE SETH R. FORT CARL M. FORTE CHRISTOPHER S. FRADIN NICKLAUS C. FRANCK NICHOLAS R. FRAZIER WILLIAM T. FREAKLEY DANIEL D. FRECHETTE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.032 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2008 March 27, 2017 
RODNEY C. FREEMAN KYLE J. FRIESEN PETER J. FRISCHHOLZ MARIA A. FRISHMAN JEFFERY M. FRITZ PETER T. FRITZ JOSEPH D. FRITZE BRETT D. FULLER JOHN M. FURR MELISSA FUSCO MICHAEL J. GAIN DANIEL F. GALGANO CHRISTINE D. GANT ELLIOTT J. GARRETT SAMUEL J. GARRISON RICHARD C. GASPERINI CHRISTOPHER M. GEORGE HEATHER GEORGE BRYAN D. GERHART LINDSEY J. GERHEIM EDWARD J. GIBBONS JACOB B. GIBBS CHRISTOPHER P. GILBERT TIDE D. GILE BRADLEY D. GILL BRANDON B. GILLES JOHN M. GILLETTE ANDREW D. GILLSON PETER B. GILROY ROBIN J. GLEBES JORDAN T. GLOVER CALEB J. GOBLE MICHAEL M. GOGLIA TORSTEN GOJOWSKY RYAN R. GOLTZ AGUSTIN M. GONZALEZ BRADLEY J. GOODYEAR GEORGE T. GORDON, JR. MATTHEW R. GORDON MARVIN GORGAS JOHN F. GOULD RYAN E. GOULET SEAN R. GRADY JOHN M. GRANT ALEXANDER T. GRAY JASON C. GREEN KYLE T. GREENE CHRISTIAN D. GREENLEAF DANIEL A. GREGORIO ISAAC J. GREGORY SAMUEL D. GREULICH SEAN A. GREVIOUS WAYNE E. GRIFFIN IAN S. F. GRIFFITH NICOLE M. GRIFFITH ZACHARY E. GRIFFITHS SCOTT M. GRIMSEY NICHOLAS W. GRODEVANT DONOVAN D. GROH SEAN R. GRUBOFSKI GUILLERMO J. GUANDIQUE EDWARD A. GUELFI CORY M. GUENTHER THOMAS J. GUGLIELMI MATTHEW P. GUIDONE HEATHER M. GUIDRY BRIAN T. GULLEY DONALD S. HACKETT CHRISTOPHER L. HADLEY WILLIAM R. HALE II JOSEPH D. HALL MICHAEL L. HAMILTON, JR. BRYAN S. HAMMOND DANIEL L. HAN SCOTT M. HARAN LOUIS B. HARRINGTON PETER S. HARRINGTON THOMAS L. HARRIS DANIEL T. HARRISON DAMON D. HART RYAN M. HARTH STEPHANIE A. HARTLEY JAMES S. HARVIE ALAN P. HASTINGS JAMES P. HAYES JOSHUA M. HAYNES JOHN J. HEALY MICHAEL D. HEBERT TANNER S. HELMERS JAYSON W. HENSLEY BRIAN E. HERNANDEZ JEREMY L. HERRON JOSHUA M. HERZOG CHRISTOPHER J. HESS JONATHAN E. HICKS JOEL R. HILBORN MATTHEW A. HILL WILLIAM M. HILL ROBERT J. HOCKMAN LUCAS J. HOFFMANN CHARLES E. HOKE STEVE R. HOLDEN CHRISTOPHER L. HOLLINGSWORTH GREGORY C. HOLOWNIA EDWARD S. HOOGLAND WILLIAM T. HORAN JARRELL O. HORSLEY RYAN S. HORTON JAMES R. HOSKINS MARIE J. HOUGH ANDREW S. HOWELL BIMI B. HOXHA AARON R. HRABOVSKY MICHAEL K. HUBER JOSIAH R. HUGGINS JASON E. HUML TIMOTHY J. HUMPHRIES JUSTIN T. HUNTER NICHOLAS G. HUSINKO DONALD E. HUSKEY JOHN B. HUSSAIN WILLIAM R. HUTAFF IV BRADLEY D. HUTCHISON BRANTON J. IRBY KARMALITA L. IRLMEIER CHRISTOPHER A. ISAACS TREVOR S. JACKSON ANDREW H. JAMES MARC A. JANVIER ADAM T. JARMUSZ LANDEL T. JENKINS NATHAN E. JENNINGS MICHAEL A. JENSEN PRISCILLA L. JEWELL MOISES JIMENEZ DEVONNE R. JOHNSON ISAAC D. JOHNSON JASON D. JOHNSON JESSICA N. JOHNSON TAYLOR C. JOHNSON CURTIS R. JONES KEVIN M. JONES TARIK T. JONES DAVID W. JUDSON MATTHEW R. JUNG MATTHEW K. R. KABAT JESSE N. KADEL NICHOLAS E. KALITKA NICHOLAS J. KANE JONATHAN S. KEEN DANIEL W. KELLER JAMES B. KELLY JOSHUA T. KELLY JOSEPH S. KENDALL ROBERT S. KENNEDY IAN P. KENT PATRICK M. KERINS ADAM S. KESSLER TIMOTHY M. KIBBE JEFFREY A. KILLIAN ZACHARY C. KIMBLE JIMMIE F. KING SCOTT E. KING BRIDGET M. KINGSLEY RACHEL E. KINNAS MICHAEL C. KISER ANTHONY J. KIVLEHAN LISA M. KLEKOWSKI JOHN J. KLINE CURTIS T. KNIE BRANDON A. KNOX JUSTIN J. KOENIG LOUIS A. KOHL TATE W. KOMMER GREGORY J. KOZLOWSKI FRANK J. KRAUT STEVEN W. KRIPPEL PHILIP R. KROLL WILLIAM T. L. KUEBLER KARL M. KUECHENMEISTER STEVEN R. KUHL RAMAN KUMAR CLINT L. KUPARI CRAIG A. KUPHALL MAURISAH K. KUSHMA STEPHEN H. KWAK WESTLY T. LAFITTE WESLEY R. LAFOLLETTE WARREN R. LALLY CLEMENT LAM DAVID W. LAMBERT ALAN W. LANCASTER TORREY M. LANGDON ABBY E. LANNI JARED C. LARPENTEUR WILLIAM W. LASSITER IV NORREAL P. LEE PATRICK J. LEEN MICHAEL L. LEIJA JOHN C. LEISENBERG MATTHEW J. LENSING JASON R. LEUNGVANHASSEL NATHAN D. LEVY RICHARD G. LEWIS WILLIAM J. LEWIS JONATHAN D. LEWMAN TIMOTHY B. LIGHT CULLEN M. LIND PATRICK A. LINFORD CALEB M. LING ANDREW M. LITTEL PAUL R. LLOVIO ERIC T. LO JONATHAN F. LOGAN NATHAN C. LOKKER BRADFORD H. LONG CHRISTOPHER J. LORETE NICHOLAS J. LORUSSO MICHAEL G. LOWEFARMER LARIE L. LUNCEFORD, JR. EDWIN G. LYMAN SAMUEL S. LYON WILLIAM A. MACKENZIE JOHN S. MADDOX ERIC G. MAGNUSON JUSTIN M. MAGULA TODD A. MAINWARING ANTHONY E. MAJOR ERICK T. MALASKE GILBERTO L. MALAVE DANIEL J. MALIK MARIO J. MALPICA MUHAMMED S. MANSARAY SEAN C. MAPLES BERLINE MARCELIN GAVIN J. Y. MARCHANT JAMES P. MARIONE JOSE A. MARQUEZ DEAN G. MARSHALL MEGAN L. MARSHBURN JOSHUA S. MARTIN JORDAN D. MARTINELLI ANDREW D. MARUCCI JAMES H. MASON ROBERT A. MASZAROSE JOSHUA C. MATTHEWS MATTHEW G. MATTINGLY JARED R. MAXWELL JOHN M. MAYER WILLIAM C. MAYVILLE KEVIN R. MCCABE CHRISTOPHER M. MCCANN DANIEL E. MCCAREY WILLIAM D. MCCARY JOSHUA S. MCCASKILL CHASE P. MCCOY MICHAEL P. MCDONALD SAMUEL L. MCELROY CHRISTOPHER A. MCFARLAND RYAN T. MCHUGH SARAH E. MCKAY IAN J. MCKENZIE WILLIAM B. MCMURREY ROBERT C. MCPEAK JOHN M. MCQUILLIAMS DANIEL P. MEDFORD MATTHEW J. MELLINGER STEPHANIE E. MELTON ELMER MENDOZA CLAYTON C. MERKLEY TAYLOR S. MERRITT KIMBERLY I. METCALF JOSEPH S. MICHAEL HALEY B. MIDDLEBROOK CHRISTOPHER J. MIHAL CHRISTOPHER P. MIKULA CHRISTINE A. MILLER MARK E. MILLER MATTHEW L. MILLER ZACHARY P. MILLER CHI MIN JACOB A. MIRALDI EUGENE G. MIRANDA JUSTIN A. MISHLER ANDREW C. MITCHELL MICHAEL H. MOBBS REGINALD MOISE ANDREW J. MONCRIEF JACK D. MOONEY DANIEL L. MOORE JUSTIN M. MOORE STEVEN K. MORELLI DANIEL O. MORENO ANDREW R. MORGAN WILLIAM J. MORGAN ROBERT W. MORRIS ZACHARY L. MORRIS AVERY L. MORTIMER AARON S. MOSIER KEVIN W. MOTT MICHAEL A. MUELLER PETER C. MUELLER JOHN T. MULLANY ALEXANDER G. MULLIN DREW M. MUMFORD ERIK L. MUNN ROBERT C. MUNROE JONATHAN V. MUNSON JEFF W. MUNSTER BRANDT A. MURPHY KYLE R. MURRAY MICHAEL L. MUSKUS JACK C. MYERS MICHAEL D. MYERS GARETT H. NAKAZONO JONPAUL S. NAVARRO SEAN M. NAVIN BENJAMIN B. NEELEY DANIEL R. NEFF CURTIS B. NELSON DAVID J. NELSON JACINTA NELSON MATTHEW D. NELSON PHILIP B. NERI JOSHUA O. NEWBROUGH MICHAEL T. NICHOLSON SAMUEL L. NICKLES KRISTINA A. NIEMEYER MATTHEW J. NILLES ANTONIO L. NIXON ADAM G. NORDIN JASON S. NORRIS DAVID C. NORWOOD JASON R. NORWOOD MUNIR NOUREDDINE SCOTT A. NUSOM JEFFERY R. OCONNER MICHAEL K. OH KEVIN E. OHARA MICHAEL D. OLIVEIRA CHELSEY M. ONAN WILLIAM B. ONEAL SEAN P. ONEIL CHRISTOPHER R. ORLANDO MANUEL A. OROZCO ANDREW P. OSBORN COLIN B. OTOOLE VIREAK C. OUCH GEORGE D. OUELLETTE JEFFREY S. OWEN DANIEL P. PALMER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.034 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2009 March 27, 2017 
EVAN B. PALMER CLIFTON R. PALMORE ANDREW M. PANNOZZODARONCO EDWARD Y. PARK EUGENE Y. PARK CHRISTOPHER J. PARKER JOHN A. PARKS JACOB E. PARRISH EDWARD J. PARRY ANTHONY N. PARSAI JAY D. PARSONS BRANDON E. PASKO JONATHAN C. D. PATTEN JEFFREY A. PAUL JASON M. PAVLIK AARON B. PAYNE JOSHUA E. PAYNE JAMES M. PECK CHARLES R. PEGRAM DOUGLAS B. PELLETIER MATTHEW W. PEREZ WILLIAM R. PEREZ SCOTT R. PERKINS KERNEY M. S. PERLIK SAMUEL C. PERLIK GREGORY P. PERRAULT JONATHAN V. PETERSON CHRISTOPHER V. PETRANCOSTA THO P. PHAM JON K. PHILLIPS KYLE D. PICKETT FOREST J. PIERCE DOMINIC M. PILERI JACK C. PINNEY CHASE A. PITTMAN JOSEPH D. PITTS JACK R. PLATE NATHAN K. PLAYER MICHAEL S. POLING ERIC J. POPE KENNETH R. POSPISIL ROBERT A. POUGH JESSE W. POWELL STEVE E. POWELL KEVIN M. POWER SETH T. POWER MICHAEL R. PRATHER CHRISTOPHER L. PREECE TRAVIS E. PRIDE MICHAEL D. PRITCHARD DAVID E. QUANTOCK ZACHARY S. QUINTANA STACY A. RADER CHRISTOPHER J. RAISL JAMES E. RAJCHEL MARK D. RALSTON EDER C. RAMIREZ JUAN E. REBOLLEDO ARIES B. REBUGIO RILEY J. REDUS JEFFREY W. REESE RONALD R. RENEAU, JR. RAYMUNDO RESENDEZ BRIAN H. REYNOLDS WILLIAM R. REYNOLDS RITCHIE L. RHODES, JR. GEORGE H. RHYNEDANCE JAMES P. RICHARDS CLAYTON P. RICHARDSON LAWRENCE J. RICHARDSON JEFFREY R. RICKARD JEFFREY M. RIGNEY NICHOLAS A. RINALDI NORAIDA RIOS JUAN F. RIVERA JAMES R. ROBINSON PRESTON G. ROBINSON RYAN D. ROCKWELL RYAN E. RODRIGUEZ IVAN RODRIGUEZHUERTAS JONATHAN D. ROLAND MATTHEW A. ROREBECK STEVEN C. ROSE JAY S. ROSEN JORDAN O. RUBIN HECTOR RUEDA ANDRE D. RUFF STEPHEN S. RUFF JUSTIN A. RUHOLL ANGEL L. RUIZ MANUEL L. RUIZ KIMBERLY L. RULLI CHRISTOPHER L. RUSSELL JAYSEN J. RYBERG JACOB T. RYKKEN GREGORY A. SABLAN ANDREW A. SADOUN BLAKE T. SAFKO PHILIP P. SAKALA ABRAHAM J. SALDANA NICHOLAS A. SALIMBENE GABRIEL M. SAMUDIO CONNOR R. SANDERS JOSEPH D. SANDERS JOSE R. SANTIAGO JARED A. SARGENT STEVEN J. SAXION JOSIAH D. SCHLESSMAN DONALD A. SCHMIDT DAVID N. SCHNAAK TYLER S. SCHOELLHORN JAMES R. SCHUBERT MICHAEL J. SCHULMAN STEPHEN F. SCHUYLER GEORGE R. SCHWARTZ ANDREW W. SCHWILK CHRISTOPHER J. SCOTT AARON E. SCULLY GREGORY R. SELPH PETER J. SEMANOFF BRANDON A. SHAH HARVEY J. SHAW II MICHAEL J. SHAY TIMOTHY W. SHEBESTA JESSE J. SHEEHAN KEVIN M. SHOUSE JOSHUA M. SIDER NIKOLAUS C. SIFERS HERIBERTO A. SILVA MICHAEL L. SIM ANTHONY D. SIMMONS MATTHEW L. SIMON MATTHEW R. SIMPSON THOMAS C. SIMPSON MICHAEL C. SIMS TAMMY L. SLOULIN ANDREW L. SMITH BENJAMIN J. SMITH BRIAN J. SMITH DAVID C. SMITH JORDAN H. SMITH KEVIN R. SMITH RYAN C. SMITH JONATHAN W. SMITHSON CHRISTIAN M. SNYDER ERIC B. SNYDER ASHLEY N. SOGGE JEFFREY M. SOLTZ RYAN C. SOMMER ANTONIO G. SOMOZAOQUENDO PHILIP SONG STEVEN R. SPALDING MARK S. SPIERING DOUGLAS W. STANSBURY AARON W. STARK MEGHAN E. STARR BRANDON F. STAUB EDWARD G. STEBBINS ARNOLD J. STEINLAGE THEODORE J. STELIGA ANDREW J. STEVENS BRANDON D. STEVENSON THOMAS W. STEVENSON JUSTIN M. STEWART WESLEY C. STEWART MATTHEW R. STOCKTON SARAH C. STOCKTON CHRIS F. STOINOFF DANIEL R. STRATHMAN JEREMY T. STRAUGHTER RUSSELL M. STREIF SEAN E. STROH JUSTIN R. STUART GREG A. SUGUITAN JOEL M. SULLIVAN RYAN D. SWISHER DANIEL J. TABACCHI SEAN T. TAGUBA JOSEPH R. TAGUE STEPHEN R. TANGEN MICHAEL C. TAYLOR CHRISTOPHER J. TELLEY ANGELA Y. TEMPLETON JUSTIN S. THOMAS WALTER D. THOMAS KYLE A. THOMASON BRANDON M. THOMPSON KYLE J. THOMPSON ROBERT B. THOMPSON JUSTIN P. THORKILDSEN MILLER A. TISSON JOHN W. TOLIVER ADRIAN P. TOMLINSON JEB K. TOWNSEND THANG Q. TRAN CARLOS E. TRISTAN JOSHUA M. TRULOCK AARON J. TUCKER PHILIP L. TURNER WILLIAM J. TURNER ROBERT W. TUTTLE HOOSER P. F. VAN JOSHUA A. VANEPPS SETH T. VARAYON MICHAEL C. VEGLUCCI PERCY A. VELA ELIZABETH S. VERARDO STEPHEN R. VINSKI ANDREW J. VOGEL KYLE B. VONDERHEIDE ANDREW M. WADE JAMES P. WADE DANIEL J. WAGNER EDDIE D. WALKER, JR. ALEXANDER WALKERRODRIGUEZ MICHAEL P. WALLACE CHRISTOPHER J. WALLGREN GLENN R. WALTON STEPHEN D. WARDE JACOB W. WATSON TAYLOR S. WATSON BENNIE D. WEAVER KEITH T. WEAVER III JEREMIAH J. WEBB JAMES C. WEBSTER MICKALA S. WELSCH BRANDON M. WESS ADAM D. WESTBROOK SCOTT W. WESTCOTT KYLE D. WHIPPLE RYAN G. WHIPPLE JEREMY S. WHITE MONTAE L. WHITE DAVID M. WILLIAMS TREVOR E. WILLIAMS DEREK R. WILSON MICHAEL S. WILSON ROBERT H. WILSON MICHAEL J. WINCHESTER GORDON D. WINSLOW JEFFREY W. WISMANN JOSHUA J. WITHINGTON JOHN F. WLASNIEWSKI BRET P. WOELLNER DANIEL C. WOLGEMUTH MICHAEL P. WOLK JEFFERY A. WOLLENMAN JONATHON M. WOLOSHUK ANDREW L. WONG FOREST P. WOODBURY ALEX J. WRAY MATTHEW A. WRIGHT GRANT T. WYFFELS GREGORY X. WYNN WILLIAM M. YANG RYAN M. YAUN NICHOLAS R. YETMAN DANIEL M. YORK MICHAEL A. YORK JACOB H. YOUMANS JOHN L. YOUNG JOSEPH H. YURISICH DERRICK J. ZANTT JOSEPH C. ZDANIEWICZ AARON V. ZIKE D012697 D012989 D013031 D013093 D013105 D013156 D013217 D013239 D013244 D013261 D013290 D013483 D013492 D013540 D013574 D013617 G010436 G010445 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MARK P. ADAMS EMMANUEL T. ADENIRAN JOSEPH M. AGIUS JOSE J. AGOSTOGONZALEZ ALDO S. AGUIRRE PAUL M. AITCHISON ALAYHAM M. ALAWAJ ADAM R. ALEXANDER ERIC L. ALLEN JACQUELINE M. ALLEN THOMAS A. ALLEN MARC J. ALLERDT ROBERT F. ALSFELDER NICOLE L. AMSTUTZ ERIK S. ANDERSON ERIN L. ANDERSON MARK T. ANDERSON THOMAS J. ARMSTRONG WILLIAM A. ATWELL SAMANTHA AUSTIN WILLIAM R. AVERA AUGUSTE S. BADIEL DAVID I. BAEZ CHRISTOPHER J. BAHR ELEANOR C. BALDENWECK REYNALDO E. BALDOZA ANTHONY R. BAMBA RICHARD T. BARKER ROBERT E. BARNETT MICHAEL P. BARR, JR. KYLE D. BARRETT MARKININA C. BASKIN TIMOTHY R. BAULER JOHN A. C. BAYSE RANDY J. BECK MATTHEW J. BEIGH HEATHER H. BENJAMIN MARJANA E. BIDWELL ANTHONY R. BLACKBURN JOSEPH M. BLEWETT MATTHEW S. BLUMBERG STEPHANIE N. BOATMAN SIMONE T. BOEHMER ANDREW L. BOND KYLE D. BORNE JEREMY P. BOVAN JACOB A. BOWEN JAMARCO L. BOWEN JAMES C. BOWEN BRIAN D. BOYLES TYLER J. BRADLEY GRANT S. BRAMLETT GARREN M. BREMER JUSTIN T. BRISTOW JAMES C. BROOKOVER MARCUS S. T. BROOKS MATTHEW W. BROOKS CHRISTINA J. BROWN TANYIA N. BRYANT JOSE R. BURGOS MATTHEW C. BUSH LARON C. BYBEE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.036 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2010 March 27, 2017 
JESSICA C. CADDELL JASON E. CADY STEPHEN D. CADY STEPHEN H. CALDWELL JOHN A. CAMERON JOSHUA A. CAMPBELL WILLIAM B. CAMPBELL WILLIAM C. CAMPBELL DAVID P. CANADAY ANTHONY J. CANNAMELA CHRISTOPHER J. CAPASSO VANNESA CARDENAS RANDALL T. CARROLL JARED A. CARTER JOSEPH M. CASEY GABRIEL CEBAN RANDALL CEDILLOS JASON M. CHAMBERS MICHAEL R. CHANDLER BRIAN D. CHAVIS NATHANIEL P. CHITTENDEN SEAN S. CHO YOUNG CHOI DAVID M. CLARKE MORTON R. A. CLARKE SIMON H. CLAYCOMB JOHN K. CLEMENS TRAVIS R. CLONCH ADAM L. CLONINGER AUGUSTON B. COBBA JARED B. COHEN LONNIE M. COLBERT JOHN M. COLE JACQUE R. COLLINS NGOZI E. COLLINS MARYORIE E. COLON MONIKA COMEAUX DAVID L. COOK JOHN S. COOK MATTHEW L. CORBETT PAUL G. CORBITT, SR. NOLAN R. CORK CHRISTINA L. CORNELIUS JASON A. COUTURE ERIN N. COX TRAVIS L. COX TOBY CRANDALL COREY E. CROSSER DIANA CRUZ JOHN D. CUMBIE JASON D. CUMIFORD JOSEPH T. CURNOW BRENDAN M. CURRAN JOHN K. DALESSIO JORGE C. DAMIANI AARON C. DARENSBURG RICHARD F. DAUGHTRY III NATHAN A. DAVIES JOHN R. DAVIS JESSICA I. DAWSON CARLOS A. DECASTROPRETELT DAVID S. DELAFUENTE RYAN R. DEMARCO KENNETH W. DEMARS BRANDON R. DEMERSKELLER NORMA P. DEVIESE JOSHUA D. DIAL CHARLIE V. DIETZ JOSEPH C. DIFRANCESCO NICHOLAS M. DLAROTTA RANDOLPH E. DONATHAN JARED S. DOUCET STEVEN W. DOWDY JOSEPH W. DOWNS ERIK D. DUBOIS JEREMY C. DUNCAN REGINA L. DUNLAP KEVIN D. DWYER JENNIFER E. DYRCZ SHERWOOD A. EARLE III JESSICA A. EDMONDS DENNIS J. EDWARDS BRANDON S. ELIASON PAUL C. ELLIOTT JESSE R. ELLIS RICHARD W. ELLSWORTH SEBASTIAN R. ENGELS DOUGLAS J. ENSMINGER JOSEPH J. ESQUIVEL ERIK FAGERGREN DAVID M. FAHS JUAN P. FELICIANO CHRISTOPHER B. FISHER SCOTT W. FITZGERALD ELMER FLORES TRAVIS J. FONDRK RICHARD W. FOOTE JEFFREY L. FORRY, JR. KYLE N. FRAZER COLBY Q. FREY STACEY F. FREY DONALD J. FRISCO SEAN M. FUTCH JEFFREY S. GAGLIANO CHRISTIAN A. GARNER SHANDA M. GARTH GARRETT T. GATZEMEYER DENNIS M. GENEST SARAH M. GERSTEIN ANDREW P. GILLICK SHEMEIA T. GILMORE KELLY A. GIRAUD STEPHANIE M. GOGGANS AMANDA M. GOLDMAN KEVIN A. GOULDING DANIEL L. GRAVES JAMES A. GREEN KEITH G. GREER GARRICK I. GUICO JUAN C. GUTIERREZGONZALES LAWRENCE C. HAGGERTY KENNETH W. HAHN JEREMY D. HAINES KATHERINE R. HAIRSTON JOHN G. HALBERT JOHN R. P. HALL DENNIS M. HALLERAN THOMAS M. HALVERSON BRIAN G. HARDIN STEPHEN N. HARDWICK DREW P. HARGRAVES STEPHEN M. HARMON MARK D. HARRIS SCOTT B. HARRIS LOLA M. HARTSHORN CHASE A. HASBROUCK NICOLE L. HASH JEFFREY C. HATHAWAY JUSTIN J. HAWKER JUSTIN T. HEDDLESON MICHAEL R. HENRIQUES SHAWN D. HERRMANN MICHAEL J. HILL CHARLES W. HINES KATRINA A. HIPPLEHEUSER JERRY L. HOLDAWAY JOHN L. HOLLAND BRYCE A. HOLLWEG CYNTHIA R. HOLUTA MICHAEL J. HOOPER DANIEL L. HOPKINS PAUL D. HOUK MICHAEL D. HRUSKA STEPHEN M. HUDAK STEPHANIE E. HUEBNER WILLIAM J. HUERTH JOSEPH L. HUITT DARIN K. HUNTER PEYTON C. HURLEY GRADY H. HUTCHINS MATTHEW R. HUTCHISON RYAN W. HUTSON JEFFREY A. HYSLOP DAVID A. IRVINE JAMES H. ISAKSON ELIZABETH S. JACKSON CARSON J. JACOBS WINSTON O. JAMES JEFFREY T. JAO JOHN B. JARNAGIN JOSHUA L. JEFFRESS JESSAMYN R. JEMPSON SANJAY JHA JOSHUA M. JOHNSON MICHAEL R. JOHNSON ERNEST B. JONES MICHAEL E. JONES CHAZ R. JORDAN IRA M. JORDAN HEATHER C. KAISER CHIDIEBERE U. KAMALU NATHANIEL M. KAMINSKI OMAR V. KASHMIRI JACOB D. KEATING THANE A. KELLER RUTH KELLY LEIGH C. KENNEDY RYAN E. KERTIS JEFFREY M. KIM JOHN K. KIM JOHN S. KIM DEZI J. KING JOHN F. KING KEVIN M. KING JAMES P. KIRBY CHRISTINA J. KNIGHT BRYAN M. KOLANO JASON P. KOONTZ KOSTYANTYN KOTOV KEITH A. KOZAL JOSHUA J. KRAUSE ROBERT J. KROLESKI RAYMOND A. KUDERKA TIMOTHY KUPPLER JEFFREY B. KUSYJ JAMES S. KWOUN RYAN T. LACEY AMEAA A. LAGO JASON P. LAM SHAWNTE N. LAMPKIN BEAUX B. LANE HAROLD M. LARSEN RYAN T. LEACH ANDREW J. LECHANSKI ALEXANDER J. LEDOUX JULIE A. LEGGETT BRIAN J. LENZMEIER DAVID R. LETTRICH ALAN G. LEUTELE DOMINICK L. LEVAN SERGEY V. LEVOCHKIN SAMUEL W. LILLARD JOHN L. LIMAURO ADRIAN L. LIPTROT II CHARLES A. LITZ JENNA L. LOCK KALMAN S. LONAI RYAN M. LOVINER ASH T. LUBECKE CHANCE A. LUNDY RYAN M. LYNCH RYAN L. MABRY WAYNE O. MACKEY DAVID J. MADDAFORD CHRISTOPHER R. MADYDA JOSHUA A. MAGNUSSON CANDRA K. MAITA ALEX D. MANIER SHAUN T. MANLEY ELIZABETH M. MARCUCCI RICHARD E. MARD IV STEVEN A. MARES CHARLES L. MARSHALL BENJAMIN L. MARTIN JAMES R. MARTIN JOEL A. MARTINEZ MICHAEL H. MATHES PETER R. MATONIS JOSHUA A. MAYER LUKE G. MAZGAJ JOSEPH W. MCCARTHY ANGELA S. MCCOWN KYLE D. MCELVEEN REBECCA L. MCGILLEY RODERICK R. MCGRAW JOSEPH L. MCKINNEY SEAN F. MCKNIGHT IAN C. MCLEOD MATTHEW E. MCMILLAN DANIEL M. MCNAMARA ORLANDO M. MEDINA KEITH A. MERILLAT MATTHEW J. MERRILL ALEXANDER J. MEYER JERRY A. MICKA MICHAEL W. MILLER DAVID MOLINANUNEZ ERICK A. MONTALLA IFECHIDE MONYEI JOHN J. MOORE TRAUN C. MOORE MATTHEW F. MORGAN JOSHUA F. MORRIS KEVIN L. MORRIS MARK J. MORRISON ROBERT J. MORSE SHAWN M. MOSLEY ROBERT T. MOUNTAIN THOR A. MUNOZ JONATHAN D. MURRELL SAMINEO D. MYERS SHELDON R. NASH MARK D. NATALE MARVIN S. NELSON KIMBERLY A. NEMIER RICHARD N. NICHOLS JOSHUA C. NOBLE SCOTT M. NOLAND MATTHEW W. NORRIS DAVID A. NORTON LAUREN R. NOWAK TONY S. NUBER DERRICK L. NUMBERS DANIEL J. OCONNOR ERIC J. OCONNOR OLA I. OGUNLOLA AARON W. OLIVER RYAN N. OLIVER NICHOLAS P. OLSON ZACHARY R. OLSON SERENITY R. OMALLEY ETHAN M. ORWIN TRAVIS K. OSCARSON RUSSELL R. OSTERFELD NICHOLAS T. PANTIN MICHAEL J. PARISO AMANDA L. PARKER JULIAN L. PARSONS TYLER S. PASCHAL MICHAEL D. PATRICK MATTHEW R. PATRONIK JASON E. PATTERSON JOSEPH C. PAULEY AARON M. PETERS LARRY B. PHELPS, JR. KELLY M. PICKETT NOLAN W. PIERCE JEAN R. PIERRE VERNON PITTMAN JAMES D. PLEUSS LARESHIA D. POE AARON J. POLL CRAIG M. PORTE JEFFREY S. PORTER MATTHEW P. POTTS JAMES C. POWERS MATTHEW E. POWERS DANIEL J. PREISTER DONALD G. PRILL ANDREW R. PRUNTY JENNIFER L. PURSER RYAN M. PUTNAM MICHAEL D. QUIGG II MARK S. QUINT GARY W. RAINER JOEL M. RAINEY JOHN M. RAJCH MICAH A. RAY DARNELL F. REED DAVID D. REUTER WILLIAM B. RHOADES DANIEL S. RICHARD ROBERT D. RICKETTS KEYA M. RIGGINS JOSHUA RIVERA JAMES L. ROBERTS RENE RODRIGUEZ CESAR H. ROJAS III KENDRA R. ROMAIN RALPH B. ROSEBOROUGH DANIEL D. ROTHENBERGER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.038 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2011 March 27, 2017 
NICHOLAS A. ROTHWELL SEAN C. RUDDY LINDSEY D. RYAN JOSEPH L. SAGISI ANTONIO M. SALINAS DANIEL J. SAMOTIS ELIZABETH A. SANCHEZ GONZALO SANTIAGO ALAN J. SCHACHTNER ALEXANDER M. SCHADE CORY R. SCHARBO PATRICIA T. SCHMALTZ BRYAN J. SCHMIDT BRADLEY R. SCHMITT PRESTON M. SCHOENLY CARL A. SCHROEDER SARAH B. SCHROEDER OLIVER J. SCHUSTER CARL E. SCHWEDE JOHN P. SCIMONE DANIEL R. SEIBEL CHARLES M. SEITZ ADAM G. SEYBERT SCOTT M. SHAFFER JACOB E. SHAHA JASON T. SHARRITT AARON J. SHATTUCK JONATHAN E. SHAW RICHARD E. SHAWGER GRAHAM P. SHELLY DREW D. SHEPLER MATTHEW G. SHERBURNE OLUBUSOLA A. SHOKUNBI GEOFFREY L. SHRAGA SIRENA L. SIAS TIMOTHY F. SIMMONS DEREK D. SMITH DEXTER L. SMITH KYLE L. SMITH JOHANNA M. SMOKE GRACE SODERBERG JOHNNY W. SOKOLOSKY MATTHEW W. SONGY RANDY B. SOTO TIMOTHY P. SOUZA CHARLES M. SPEARS JEFFERY L. SPENCER MEGAN M. SPIELES ANDREW C. SPIESS NATHAN R. SPREITLER JOEL W. SPRINGSTEAD DANIEL J. STACK DAVID B. STAMPS SARAH A. STARR KRISTIN A. STELZER MALLORY L. STEPHENSON RYAN T. STEPHENSON ERIN A. STEVENS OLELATH K. STEVENS JOHN R. STMARIE JASON E. STUCK ERIC M. STURZINGER KANIA M. SUKARDI TAMMI L. SUMMERS WILLIAM G. SWAFFORD WINFIELD P. SWANTON BENJAMIN E. SWEENEY ABIGAIL L. TASSA GEOFFREY M. TERMAN JOHN A. TERMINATO TYLER O. TERRILL DEVON O. THOMAS CHARLES J. THOMSON WILLIAM F. THORNE FOSTER S. THORPE SAMUEL S. TIMMONS ALBERT J. TIMMRECK JAMES J. TORRENCE NATHANIEL TUCKER, JR. KEVIN W. TURNBLOM TRAVIS L. TYLER CHARLES A. UPSHAW BRIAN H. VAENI PABLO A. VALERIN ROBERT V. VANDENBERG CHRISTOPHER C. VANDERBURG BRETT S. VANFOSSON ORLANDO VARELA STEPHEN C. VONJETT ALISON S. WALLACE CHRISTOPHER A. WEBB MATTHEW R. WEBB JAKE R. WEBER JEFFREY D. WEGMEYER BENJAMIN R. WENDLAND SCOTT A. WIDENER NATHAN A. WIKE RYAN D. WILLIAMS MICHAEL D. WILLIS MALCOLM J. WILSON III STEFAN K. WILSON CLINTON W. WINLAND MATTHEW A. WRIGHT SERGIO C. WYLLIE KELSEY T. YOHO JIHOON YOO STRATIE L. YOUNG JINSUK YUM TOR M. ZALESKI JERRY W. ZEVECKE DANNY Z. ZHU SHANNON P. ZORN D004513 D011884 D012282 D012581 D012736 D012744 D012834 D012940 D013008 D013099 D013214 D013219 D013238 D013240 G010267 G010332 G010336 G010352 G010382 G010388 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
AMIR A. ABUAKEEL ALEXANDER ACHEAMPONG JACLYN A. ADAMS SHAWN A. ADKINS JOHN D. AITKEN ROBERT L. ALI ALAN J. ALVIS PAUL D. AMIS BRIAN E. ANDERSON DOWAYNE L. ANDERSON JERRY O. ANDES JOHNJAMES K. ARTECHE HANNAH AUER JACOB Z. BAKER CRAIG M. BANNER JAMES L. BARLOWE NATHAN A. BARR ESTELA M. BARRIOS HOWARD J. BARROW III YANIA BATES CURTIS E. BAXTER NATHANIEL S. BECKETT ANTHONY BELLOFIGUEROA BRADLEY R. BENJAMIN KARL E. BENNETT, JR. MICHAEL D. BENNETT HUNTER J. BERG CHRISTOPHER D. BIEBER NICHOLAS B. BINGHAM TIMOTHY L. BIRD BENJAMIN E. BIRTLES IAN W. BLACK TODD A. BLACK RANDALL W. BLAKESLEE MARCUS A. BLUNT RICHARD E. BOBO DREE V. BOGGS CESAR BONILLA CHRISTIAN J. BONNO RHONDA M. BOOTH RICHARD G. BOYES DAWN M. BRAUGHTON NICHOLE L. BRAXTON BRIAN BRENNAN ROBERT M. BRICKLEY ERIKA A. BROUSSARD JASON A. BROWN MATTHEW L. BROWN WILLIAM J. BUCHLEITNER IV ANGELA M. BULANDA BERNARDJAMES B. BUNAL WILLIAM D. BURCH PHILLIP E. BURRIS BRENDEN B. BURSON DANIEL A. BUSTAMANTE DARIEN L. BUTLER JOHNATHAN L. BUTLER MBUKOYO O. BUTLER SAMUEL G. BUTLER MEGAN C. CAIN PATRICIA J. CAMERON COREY D. CAMPBELL ELIZABETH F. CANTRELL MATTHEW M. CAPPS NICHOLAS J. CARELAS ANTHONY W. CARLSON JOHN M. CARRIA MICHAEL J. CARROLL CORY R. CARTER FRANK CASTRO THOMAS W. CAYIA VERONICA CELIZ DANIEL W. CHANDLER DANNY C. CHARLES LAWERENCE E. CHARLES RORI J. CHRISCOJANKER WHITNEY L. CISSELL KRISTINA N. CLARK CHRISTOPHER J. CLONES JEREMY G. COATES JOSHUA G. COBB SHERON L. COLLINS CALEB S. CONANT SARAH D. CORDOVA DANIELLE K. CORK RAVEN A. CORNELIUS RYAN C. CORNELLDECHERT DEWEY A. COURTNEY CHRISTOPHER L. CRAGER ANDREW J. CROWE MICHELLE L. CROWE FORREST E. CURETON BENJAMIN P. DALTON THOMAS M. DANNENBERG JOHN R. DART TAMARA A. DASILVA JESSICA D. DAVILA ANGELA L. DAVIS CHARLES N. DAVIS, JR. JEFFREY W. DAVIS II MICHELLE L. DAVIS KEVIN A. DEAN BRIAN D. DEERIN MARK P. DEGEN STEVE L. DELEON TIMOTHY P. DEMERATH LEKISA M. DEMPSEY CHRISTOPHER R. DEVENPORT ADAM F. DIGIOVANNI RYAN T. DITTMER NGOCUYEN T. DO CAMDEN P. DONNELLY LINDSAY A. DUDLEY YOON G. DUNHAM DANIEL P. DUPLESSIS TANNER J. DURHAM ELIZABETH A. DZWONCZYK JASON H. EATON KIMARD D. EGLETON KINARD R. EGLETON BRIAN D. EHRENHEIM MELISSA J. ELLEDGE KIMBERLY L. ELLENBURG ERIC J. ERICKSON RICHARD M. EZELL MICHAEL C. FAGER CASSONDRA N. FAIR SPENCER K. FARMER STEPHEN J. FEEHAN AMANDA L. FEINDT KARENGAIL N. FERNANDO ROBERT A. FERTIG KEITH A. FETTER LACARLA M. FETZER NATHAN R. FIELD GREKII Y. FIELDER KURT L. FINDLAY WESLEY E. FINK AARON C. FOIST ELVIN J. FORTUNA THERESA F. FOUDA MICHAEL A. FRAZIER JONATHAN W. FREDERICKS BRANDON B. FRIDIA ROBERT B. FROBERG TIFFANEY R. FRYSON LEAH M. GANONI ANTONIO C. GARCIA DAVID C. GARCIA MARCOS R. GARCIA BRYANT J. GARNER TERENCE D. GASPICH THEODORE U. GEBHARDTSBAUER JOHN A. GERMANCERI JUSTIN L. GERRON NATHAN J. GILDEN ROGER L. GINDLESPERGER, JR. RUSSELL W. GLASS NATHANIEL L. GLENN, JR. SEAN T. GODFREY MICHAEL J. C. GOMEZ KAI A. GONSALVES NATHAN E. GONTARZ THOMAS R. GORMAN RICKY A. GRANT CARO V. GRAY CHRISTOPHER H. GRAY JENNIFER O. GUERRA JANMICHAEL T. GUILLERMO SHANA L. GURLEY MICAH J. HALL MARK R. HAMILTON BENNETTA L. HAMM LOUIS C. HARE TERRY HARGRAVES CHRISTOPHER J. HARMON PAULA J. HARRELL ANTONIA D. HARRIS MILES T. HAURITZ JEFFREY J. HAYS BRADLEY J. HEINLEY PHILLIP D. HETTEBERG CHRISTOPHER H. HEUGHAN ROBERT B. HEYWOOD KEVIN A. HICKS ANDREW J. HIGGINS LUKE P. HIGH EDWIN A. HOCKER PHILLIP M. HOFFMAN JOHN N. HOLCOMB JOSEPH H. HOLLISTER KEVIN D. HOLLOWAY NATHANIEL W. HOLMAN HAL W. HOOGSTRA JOSHUA P. HOOPER MATTHEW S. HOPCHAK DERREK T. HOPPER JASON L. HORTON KENNETH T. HORTON KHANDOKER M. HOSSAIN BALLAH HOWARD MICHAEL J. HUDDLESTON WALTER G. HUEWITT, JR. CHAD R. HUGGINS JEREMIAH M. HUNT JOHN A. HURD MICHELLE L. HUTCHINSON JESSICA M. HUTH DONG Y. HYUN JOSEPH A. IANNITTI CRAIG M. IWEN FRANKIE J. JACKSON GREGORY S. JACKSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.041 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2012 March 27, 2017 
XAVIER M. JACKSON JAMES G. JACOBS CHRISTINA H. JAMES DEZERIE N. JEMMOTT LAWRENCE V. JENKINS III MICHAEL R. JOHNSON KRISTEN D. JONES TESSA A. JONES VERONICA D. JORDAN SCOTT C. KAMP BRYAN V. KELSO JULIE M. KENDRICK JOHNATHAN S. KENNEDY ERIK T. KIFUNE DAE Y. KIM AARON D. KINDER CURTIS N. KINZEY THOMAS C. KIRKPATRICK MICAH J. KLEIN MICHAEL W. KLEMMER YURIY KNYSHEV JEFFREY W. KOCIAN MATTHEW S. KOTOWSKI MICHAEL A. KRIVENSKY WALTER E. KRUSE SHIVNESH S. KUMAR JACOB C. KUNZLER JASON R. LANGER TARA M. LARSEN JOSHUA M. LAWRENCE STEPHEN C. LAWSON ALBERT D. LECOUNTE JONATHAN D. LEGGETT JULIA C. LENSING TANYA M. LEONARD JORDAN A. LESTER SCOTT A. LITTLE TEREZ M. LITTLE ALLISON L. LOMBARDO CHARLES H. LOVERUDE FAITH F. LOZANO RICHARD A. LOZANO DAVID A. LUKEFAHR DARRELL L. LYLES JENNIFER E. LYONS JUSTIN D. MACHT MICHAEL M. MADISON MIRANDA Y. MAGEEREESE AARON S. MANN ROVI M. MARTIN JOSEFINA M. MARTINEZ JUAN G. MARTINEZ ORLANDO J. MARTINEZKIANEZ MICHAEL S. MAULDIN MARYKATHRYN M. MAXHEIMER MARK R. MAY JOSHUA L. MCCASLIN AUBREY D. MCCAULEY MICHELLELYNN F. MCDEVITT CURTIS M. MCDONALD TIMOTHY MCGEE JAMAIL R. MCGLONE MICHAEL J. MCGOWAN TODD D. MCMILLAN BRYANT L. MCMILLIAN THELMA L. MCQUARLEY JOSHUA S. MEADOR ERICK M. MENDOZA NATALIE L. MENG KRYSTAL A. MERCHAN JAMIE D. MICHEL KEVIN J. MICHEL CHRISTOPHER L. MILES BENJAMIN D. MILLER CAYATRA C. MILLER BURTON H. MILNOR, JR. ROBERT W. MITCHELL II PAUL L. MOELLER, JR. CRYSTAL D. MOORE ARIANNA D. MORELL ZACKARY H. MOSS NAKESHA L. MOULTRIE KATE C. MURRAY LESIA M. MURRAY JACQUELINE H. MURRAYBONNO JEFFREY G. NEAL ROY J. NEIL, JR. STEPHEN M. NEPPL JOSHUA J. NEWBY KEVIN R. NICHOLAS MICHAEL J. NICHOLLS CHRISTY L. NICHOLS KRISTOPHER D. NICHOLS JOHN P. NIKIFORAKIS BRIAN T. NOBLE CHRISTOPHER J. NOLL DANIEL V. NOSSE ZACHARY A. NOVITSKE KATHY L. NOWAK AMANDA K. OBLEY FRED W. ODUKA MICHAEL O. OKEOWO HENRY OKOROAFOR BENJAMIN J. OLSEN JOSEPH R. OLSON SEAN P. OMALLEY TAMARA J. ONEAL KIMBERLY M. ORDONEZ BRIAN J. ORLINO WILLIAM A. ORTEGAGUERRERO PEDRO PACHECO CLINT C. PAJELA ZACHARY D. PALKO APRIL D. PALOMAR KYE E. PANNELL VICTORIA L. PARRISH KENNETH S. PATTERSON THOMAS L. PATTERSON TANYA V. PAYNE CHIQUITIA S. PEARSON DANIEL L. PECHACEK JOSHUA L. PEEPLES ANDREW E. PEKAREK HAROLD PEREAJIMENEZ ARMANDO PEREZ LINA V. PEREZ MICHAEL G. PESANO LOREN N. PETERSEN CHERQURIA L. PETERSON MATTHEW T. PETERSON SHERMAN PINCKNEY JEREMY R. PINSON TYNIKA E. N. PINTER JOSEPH W. PITTARD RYAN M. PLEMMONS DAVID A. POE MATTHEW K. PORTER JUAN C. PRATTS MONIQUE M. PULLIN PATRICIA A. PUTNAM BRANDON A. PYE KHADINE R. QUASHIE JEROMY C. RAATZ CRAIG M. RAINES JAMES RAINEY III SEAN C. RALEIGH JOHN P. RAWLINSON ANGELA M. REABOLD JOHN P. READ SHERILYN F. REED AARON S. REEDY WILLIAM J. REINSTATLER NATHANIEL A. RICE WAYNE D. RICHEY, JR. RICHARD J. RICKETTS IV MARIA E. RINALDI FREDDY RIOS VERNELL L. RIXNER BRIDGET D. ROBSHAW KERMAN A. RODRIGUEZ DANIEL J. ROMERO JOSE C. ROMERO CRYSTAL A. ROREBECK CHASITY L. ROSS CHRISTOPHER C. ROYAL GARRETT D. RUUD JOHNNY SAHAGUN CLEFF M. SALADINO JUAN C. SALAS DION R. SAMUEL MATHEW J. SCALISE CHRISTOPHER N. SCHKERKE WILLIAM R. SCHMIDT MATTHEW R. SCHNELLER BENJAMIN J. SCHUPPEL JOHN F. SCHUSTER II MELISSA S. SCHWARZ ANDREW J. SEE JEFFREY R. SEITZ CHRISTINA C. SHELTON ADAM T. SHEVOCK NIYA SHIPP ERIC W. SHUMPERT NEAL J. SIVULA MERCEDES B. SKIDMORE JESSICA F. SMITH LEHMAN F. SMITH III MUSHAWN D. SMITH ANTHONY M. SOIKA CHARLES T. SOLAITA JEFFREY T. SOWECKE STEVEN M. SPIKER JAMES P. STAGGS LLOYD J. STERLING III LEWIS N. STEVENSON MICHAEL D. STEWART KRISTIE M. STUCKENSCHNEIDER KEITH D. STUTTS ALICE SYLVESTER SHAWN S. TAJALLE DEAN W. TALLANT RYAN W. TALLANT ERICK B. TAYLOR MICHAEL W. TAYLOR LACHINA T. TAYLORTROTMAN DARREN K. TEMPLETON ERIC J. TERRELL JARED D. THARP RONALD N. THENN ANDREW T. THOMAS MICHAEL B. THOMAS PETRA L. THOMAS GABRIELA S. THOMPSON ERIC T. THORNBURG MAGALY R. THURMAN ANGEL L. TOMKO JUSTIN D. TONELLI MICHELLE E. TROESCH KONSTANTINOS N. TSILIANOS JASON B. TURNER JOHN M. TURNER MATTHEW R. UPRIGHT NATALIE S. UPWARD PEDRO VALDES KURTIS P. VANALLEN JAMIE D. VESTAL RYAN E. VIDAURRI OMAR VILLAFANE ADAM C. VOGEL PENNY M. VOLINO JOHNATHAN M. WAGNER DARRYL A. WALKER MICAH A. WALKER TYESHA N. WALKER DAVID A. WALLACE STEVEN J. WALLACE RYAN A. WARNHOFF KORNELIYA S. WATERS MICHAEL J. WATKINS DARLENE L. WEAVER VERNON E. WEBB DAVID A. WEINREICH BRANDON M. WEISS MELONIE A. WEST MILENA I. WILLIAMS ROBBIE F. WILSON RYAN C. WILSON LASHONDA W. WISE MELANIE M. WOLFE JACOB A. WOOD LATORAY A. WOOD SAMMY R. WOODBURN JOSHUA D. WOODRUFF KEVIN J. WRIGHT YAW D. YAKUBU JEREMY L. YAMA EUNSEOK YOO MARK A. YORE CHARLES C. YORK III SHERITA L. YOUNG DREW ZABRISKIE D011714 D012452 D012474 D012799 D012999 D013032 D013195 D013242 D013352 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
VANESSA R. ASMUS GARTH T. BEAVON PAULA J. BECKER BRYANT A. BOOHAR WAYNE T. BRANOM III KYLE V. BURGAMY VICTORIA L. CAMIRE JOSHUA M. CARTER DAVID M. CLASSEN CHRISTOPHER CLAUSEN COURTNEY M. COHEN JESSICA B. COLSIA ANDREW J. CORIMSKI BRETT A. CRAMER KATE V. DAFOE TIMOTHY A. DAVIS KATHERINE L. DEPAUL BRYN P. DETTMER CHRISTOPHER D. DONLIN COLLIN P. EVANS EDWARD S. FAIELLO III BLAKE A. FELDMAN JAMES M. FLANAGAN MATTHEW A. FREEMAN TODD C. GATELY CHRISTOPHER D. GOREN THOMAS P. GOWER SAMUEL W. GRABILL WILLIAM M. GRADY GAVIN G. GRIMM JODIE L. GRIMM JAMIE L. GURTOV MATTHEW W. HAYNES MITCHELL D. HERNIAK STEVEN C. HIGGINS PATRICK A. HOLLY HSIENJAN HUANG JOHN F. HUMMEL SIMONE L. JACK MATTHEW M. JONES IAN T. KLINKHAMER CHRISTOPHER J. KOSCHNITZKY TIMOTHY J. KOTSIS JEFFREY D. KYLE ERIK D. LAPIN DANIEL A. LARSON VIVIAN M. LEAVENS BLAKE A. MARTIN FELIX S. MASON TIMOTHY J. MATHEWS TIMOTHY J. MINTER MATT D. MONTAZZOLI JESSICA J. MORALES DANIEL M. MOW MICHAEL E. MURRAY JOSEPH G. NOSSE JUSTIN L. NOTTINGHAM ANTONIO J. PATACA JAMES L. PAUL JOHN P. POLICASTRO CHRISTOPHER B. RICH JAMES P. ROBINSON CORY T. SCARPELLA JOSHUA P. SCHEEL KALIN P. SCHLUETER PATRICK J. SCUDIERI JACLYN E. SHEA DANA M. SHERMAN JOHN E. SHUTT JONATHAN C. SIEGLER PAUL W. SILVER MATTHEW A. SINOR CURTIS C. SMITH KATHERINE M. SPANNAGEL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.043 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2013 March 27, 2017 
NEIL C. STAUFFER KEITH A. STEWART STEVEN P. SZYMANSKI DAVID R. TALBOTT MATTHEW J. TEXTOR GREGORY A. VETERE AMANDA L. WALBURN KRISTOPHER J. WHITTENBERGER JAMES A. WOODRUFF RYAN T. YODER D013007 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL C. FLYNN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
STEVE L. MARTINELLI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JENNIFER M. BAGER DAVID A. BAKER JEREMY T. BEAUCHAMP SHERYL A. BEDNO JASON D. BOTHWELL LYNDEN P. BOWDEN DUSTIN L. BOYER KARL W. BREWER MILLARD D. BROWN III JAY R. BUCCI JESSICA L. BUNIN CHRISTIAN L. CARLSON DANIEL W. CARLSON WESLEY A. CLARKSON CHRISTOPHER J. COLOMBO JONATHAN M. DAVISON LAURA DAWSON MARK E. DEMICHIEI MICHAEL S. DEMPSEY KIMBERLY M. DEVORE NICOLE R. DOBSON SEAN N. DOOLEY MATTHEW N. FANDRE MELISSA A. FOROUHAR SEAN J. FORTSON TRAVIS C. FRAZIER RANDALL FREEMAN CASEY J. GEANEY BRANDON J. GOFF WILLIAM J. GRIEF MATTHEW E. GRIFFITH ELIZABETH A. GROSSART MICHAEL T. HAMILTON BRIAN A. HEMANN JAMES R. HEMPEL KIMBERLY W. HICKEY KEVIN A. HORDE MATTHEW T. HUEMAN MARC A. HULTQUIST DEREK F. IPSEN CHRISTOPHER G. IVANY LINDA G. JACKSON JEREMY D. JOHNSON ADAM B. KANIS JASON D. KENDELHARDT KENNETH D. KUHN PAUL O. KWON CRAIG S. LABUDA WALTER S. LEITCH GEORGE T. LEONARD STEPHANIE L. LEONG THOMAS R. LOVAS JASON D. MARQUART ERICK MARTELL SCOTT F. MCCLELLAN MARSHALL C. MENDENHALL CHRISTOPHER D. MEYERING MARK W. MEYERMANN JAMES E. MOON ANDREW R. MORGAN PHILIP S. MULLENIX KEVIN M. NAKAMURA KENNETH J. NELSON KARIN L. NICHOLSON THOMAS E. NOVAK SCOTT C. ORR WILLIAM D. PORTER DAVID L. SAUNDERS BRADFORD J. SCANLAN SEAN T. SMITH JONATHAN R. STABILE COURTNEY T. TRIPP EDUARDO M. VIDAL JACK R. WALTER PAIGE E. WATERMAN RONALD S. WELLS THOMAS M. WERTIN BRADFORD P. WHITCOMB PAUL W. WHITE EUGENE W. WILSON RAMEY L. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be colonel 
ALFRED C. ANDERSON ELLIOTT BERMUDEZCOLON SO B. CHOI TYRUS N. HATCHER JON D. LIBBESMEIER KENDALL R. MOWER JAY R. OWENS III SCOTT RANKIN JENNIFER V. SABOL ROBERT J. SELDERS, JR. GARY STONE KELLEY TOMSETT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
KENNETH AHORRIO RAINA D. ALEJOS HEATHER R. ALSUPMORTON BENJAMIN P. ALTHUISIUS PATRICIA L. ALVAREZ MONINA C. ANCHETA DON C. ANDREWS JAMES A. ARD GLENTON I. ATWELL MARY M. AYRES JOANNA A. BAILEY TRACEY T. BALDAUF HEATHER R. BARTON LEE D. BENDICKSON DAVID M. BLANK SUSAN J. BROWN TANISHA L. BRUNS JASON T. BRZUCHALSKI DANIELLE L. BUCHS LAURA L. CACKLEY LATONIA F. CASON RICHARD T. CETKOWSKI STACY A. CLEMENTS KAREN E. COLON KATHERINE L. CONVERSE MAURICIA J. DAILEY ANDREW R. DAVIS JOBY L. DENNY TROY D. DILMAR DEIDRA R. S. DODD MATTHEW P. DOELLMAN KIM S. DORTELUS SHARON D. DOUGLAS DAPHNE A. ELLIS ROBERT A. FABICH, JR. LESLIE K. FARRIOR SHINITA L. B. FAVORS AMANDA R. FERGUSON ALLISON L. FERRO GAYLE E. FISHER YOSEF FUFA CHRISTYN A. GAA JOSHUA D. GADD JORDAN P. GAMMONS KEITHBARRY L. GARCIA JESSE M. GOSSETT LISABETH P. GROVE AMY M. HAMMOCK RENEE T. HART STEPHANIE S. HAYES ACIE M. HAYRY SARAH E. HENSLEY JONATHAN W. HODGES LAMARR K. HOWELL AMY L. JACOBS CASSANDRA P. JAMES–IVERY MELISSA M. KALIS JOSEPH E. KELLOGG JULES Q. KENNEDY JI Y. KIM WILHELM A. KOGLER WENDY M. KRULL ZACHARY J. KUFAHL BRITTANY H. KULL RHONDA K. LEARY CYNTHIA B. LEE LINDSAY J. LESKANICH MEGAN E. LORENZ BRIAN M. LOWERY MICHAEL S. MACEACHERN LAURA C. MARTIN JEANETTE E. MARTINEZ KATE M. MCCLOUD TAYLOR K. MCMURDO JIMMEDDA L. MILLS BETTY L. MOORE BEVERLY D. MOORE GARY J. MOORE LAUREN N. NASH JEFFRY T. NEGARD TRACY L. OUTLAW CRAIG L. PAINE ANDREA M. PAPA ELIZABETH A. POINDEXTER RONALDO D. PRUDENTE TREVOR J. READ EURANA A. RODRIGUEZ ROBINSON RODRIGUEZ TARA J. ROMAN MARISOL ROSA ELIZABETH RUIZ JULIA T. RYAN MARIAM K. SABAS PETER A. SHELLABARGER KARLENE P. SIERRA NEIDRA D. SIMMONS PAMELA J. SIMONDS MARILYN SOTO JUSTIN J. SPEARS RYAN L. STANFIELD AMY S. STAUB INDIA R. STOVER ANGELA L. STRAKER EARL M. STUTZMAN THERESA M. SUGGS DOUGLAS A. TAYLOR MARTINA O. TAYLORCAMPBELL LATONIA R. THOMPSON ASHLEY D. TORRENCE DANIEL J. TUNISON AMY M. UPDIKE ELIZABETH A. URBANSKI CHARLES D. WALKER ROGER WEBB LAKESHA L. WILLIAMS PATRICIA L. WILLIAMSON BETHANY R. WITTNAM MARC R. WONG MATTHEW M. WYNNE LATHASHA L. WYTCHBURGESS YEO C. YOON FRANCES R. YOUNG JACQULINE T. YOUNG KARA J. YOUNG LUZ E. ZAMBRANO JUDIZA L. ZELAYA PAUL W. ZIEGLER III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
TOLULOPE O. ADEYEMI BOMA O. AFIESIMAMA AMY A. ALHEIM AMANDA L. ALLEN PAMELA R. ASKEW DEREK J. AUBEL CHRISTOPHER BAGLIVO MICHAEL A. BAKER ARMAND L. BALBONI SETH D. BALDWIN MELISSA F. BALTAZAR PAUL V. BANKSTON MANUELA A. G. BAULDRY CAMILLE I. BETITO SHUBHRA BHATTACHARYAJONES JEFFREY D. BIDDULPH REBECCA A. C. BLOOD GREGORY P. BODENSTEINER STEVEN G. BREWER JOHN R. BROUSSARD STERLING O. BROWN SUMMER M. BROWNELLIS JARED H. BRYNILDSEN TREVOR R. BUCKLEY LUIS G. CALLECARDENAS ROMMEL B. CAMANGEG BERNARDO C. CARBO JAMES C. CAREY JOSEPHINE CARPANZANO KATHERINE A. CARR VALERIE L. CARSON EILEEN C. CASSIDY JOSHUA T. CAUSEY WILLIAM C. CAVE CHRISTOPHER S. CHAMLEE ADAM E. CHARLES MEGAN M. CHAVEZ CHARLES H. CHOI ROBERT E. CHU NICOLE M. CINTRON HERBERT W. CLAYBURN JORDAN M. COBURN KELLEY C. COLLINS LOIS A. COLWELL DANA M. COOK THOMAS J. COSTEIRA CHARLES S. COX, JR. STEPHEN L. CRIMMINS ADAM B. DAVIES FREDRICK D. DAVIS SUEHAYDEE DECHAUNY ROBERT B. DIXON CHRISTOPHER W. DRAKE MONTY B. EDWARDS BRADLEY S. ELLIS JOSE H. ESPINOZA SHAWN A. FITZGERALD GREGORY J. FREDERICKS GARY FREEMAN, JR. LANCE R. FREEMAN GABRIEL O. GANDIA, JR. WILLIAM E. GARRISON TRAVIS R. GILCHRIEST BEVERLEY S. GOFFINET LETICIA GONZALEZ JASON W. GREEN JAMES J. GREENE, JR. AARON S. GRIFFIN JONATHAN P. HAINES GLENDA HANNASOANES RAYMOND W. HANSON SCOTT M. HAROLD SIGRID L. HARRISON KEVIN L. HAYES KRISTA M. HERNANDEZ CATHERINE J. HERRERA ERICK M. HEYGOOD MARIE A. HOFFMAN EMILY B. HOLCOMB 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.045 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2014 March 27, 2017 
MARY K. HOURIHAN JAMES H. HSIAU VIOLET L. HURD JENNIFER B. HUSBANDS DONALD D. INGRIM JENNIFER J. JACKIW GARRION L. JACKSON GARRETT E. JOHN JAREE L. JOHNSON VICTOR M. JOHNSON DANIEL T. JONES PAMELA D. JORDAN WALTER N. KAER IV CHRISTOPHER W. KAHN BAISHALI KANJILAL WILLIAM J. KELLER MONIQUE C. KENNERLY CLARENCE L. KETTERER SEAN M. KILEY APRIL M. KIMBLE DAVID A. KINGERY KERRI D. KLINGSEIS LYNDSAY A. KNOBLOCKFAST BRIAN D. KNOTT NICKALOUS A. KORBUT JEFFREY R. KUGELMAN ERIKA L. LANDERS RYAN R. LARSON CHEWANDA E. LATHAN ESMERALDA L. LINAN RYAN J. LINDELL KATHERINE E. LITTLE TODD E. MANDLEY KENNETH R. MARTENS BRYANT O. MASSENBURG JESSICA L. MAXIM SARAH J. MCCREIGHT STEVEN E. MCDANIEL BARBARA L. MCGILL LEE P. MCPHATTER JOANNE A. MEDINA WILLIAM J. MENNIS WILLIAM R. MESSICK LEAH H. MISIALEK JOSEPH C. MOEN SAMIRAH A. MOHAMMED MATTHEW S. MOORE STEFANIE K. MOORE CHRISTOPHER E. MORGAN JACOB B. MORTON ROBIN A. MULLINS DANIELLE D. MURRAY OTTO R. NADAL ROBERT J. NADEAU FE M. NALL JEFFREY C. NASON KYLE R. NEBELSICK KEN NGUYEN TRIET M. NGUYEN ERIC V. NI GODFREY K. NKWANTABISA SHANNON D. NORDEN JASON P. NORLIEN JOHN A. OKOLO MYONG H. PAK THOMAS J. PATTERSON JOSEPH A. PEABODY JOSHUA A. PERRY SHEA E. PHILLIPS EDWIN A. PIERCE EMANUEL PIERRE JENNIFER R. POWERS STEVEN L. QUINN TOBIN A. RADER JAMEL M. REESE JOSEPH M. REMESZGUERRETTE EDWARD R. ROACH TOYA ROBINSON JOSE H. RODRIGUEZ JASON A. ROGERS INO M. RUIZ ELIZABETH A. SALL LATISHA J. SCOTT RUSSELL E. SCOTT ELIZABETH A. SEBERO SEUNG P. SEO SCOTT E. SERONELLO SEAN C. SHEPPARD BONNIE L. SHORT DENA G. SHORT JON R. SHORT TRAVIS C. SIMMONS SEAN L. SPENCER JONATHAN M. SPIKES BOWMAN J. SPILLANE SCOTT E. STANLEY LEAH M. STEDER BRYAN H. STEWART JENNIFER L. STIDLEY WESLEY N. STOKES STEPHANIE M. STRESSMAN EBONY M. STUBBS BRENDA S. SUMNER JOANN A. TAALIB JAMES A. TAYLOR, JR. MATTHEW D. TAYLOR BENJAMIN G. TESFAYE ROBERT C. THORNTON ANDREY V. TSEPELEV THOMAS A. TUCKER II DAVID W. TYSON ALEJANDRO J. VALENZUELA KYLE P. VANDINGSTEE DAVID S. VISE KELLY J. WALKER TED P. WALKER WALTER A. WALSH, JR. TIMOTHY W. WARNER TERICKA L. WASHINGTON KELSHA D. WEAVER AMANDA R. WEBB STEVEN R. WENTZ ANNIE D. WHEELER JOHN D. WILLIAMS ALVIN C. WILLIAMSON BETINA M. WILLIE AUSTIN M. WILLIS WILLIAM J. WILSON MICHAEL T. YATES ELLIE J. YOUNG D013595 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
PAUL J. E. AUCHINCLOSS JAMIE D. BELL VANESSA E. BONNER JULIE A. BOWMAN NICOLE H. BROWN PHILIP CASTANEDA GARY W. CLARKSON KEITH M. COLLINSWORTH COLT CRUTCHFIELD ZACH A. DELABASTIDE MICHAEL J. DELAVEGA JASON M. DILLASHAW ZAKIYA B. A. DIXON THOMAS J. DRUMMOND JOHN A. DUNNING KENT E. ELLSWORTH GARTH B. EVERS ELRICO B. FERNANDEZ ANDREW J. GALDI DONNA P. GOODSON TREVOR A. D. GORMAN LATASHA D. GRAY TODD J. HEER MATTHEW S. HELTON CHRISTIN L. JESSEN LISA M. JIN MEGHAN E. JOYCE CYRUS H. KARDOUNI JOSEPH P. KENNIFF II ROBERT M. KISTNER BRIAN R. KREISEL KIRSTEN E. KROLL JULIE A. KUJAWA MICHAEL S. LADUKE BRYAN C. LEE RICHARD LEVADA ROBERT M. LEVESQUE JAY M. LLOYD LAKESHIA T. LOGAN JAMES F. LOPATA ADHANA J. MCCARTHY ANDREW MCPHIE ABRAHAM MEDINA, JR. STEFFEN G. MEILER RODNEY MENEZES JASON R. MITCHLER PAUL E. MOCHMER THOMAS P. MOLTON II KATRINA S. MONTI JEAN P. MONTREUIL JOHN E. MORRISON JENNIFER F. MULLINS DALE A. NELSON MICHAEL W. NOYES LANCE R. OLDORF BRIDGET A. OWENS JEFFREY C. PASCHALL CHRISTOPHER A. PETERSON MICHAEL W. PRIEBE VANESSA J. RAMIREZ JEFFREY M. SCHMIDT BRIAN C. SMEDICK JOSEPH L. STEELE ROBERT F. STOKES TRINITY S. STOREY PAUL D. STROHL ELIOT J. THOMASMA JON A. UMLAUF ZEBULON L. WILKIN ROBIN L. WILSON AMANDA L. WOLFE ANDREA S. WOLFE YAOYAO ZHU JUSTIN ZIMMERMAN BARUCH ZOBRIST D011608 D012628 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
RACHEL A. ACCIACCA BRIAN S. ADAMS MICHAEL A. BENCIVENGA EMILY R. BINGHAM RICHARD T. BROOKSBY JULIE P. BROWN DANIEL W. CHRISTENSEN ANDREW J. CICCOLINI JONATHAN M. COFFMAN TRICIA F. CULBERTSON MARILYNN J. CULBRETH JESSICA E. DOWLING JOANNA E. FISHBACK AMANDA M. HAUCK KATHY K. S. LEBERT CRYSTAL LINDABERRYGONZALEZ MEGHAN E. LOUIS MORGAN A. MANDER ANNA M. MANDRA MONICA L. MARTIN SABRINA N. MCGRAW EMILY K. PURSWELL SEAN R. STOCKWELL DANIELLE R. TULLOSS JEFFREY J. ULLMER LAUREN E. WHITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
CHRISTOPHER J. BROWN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. , SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
DANIEL B. KING TODD E. WAINMAN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
AARON B. MAYER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
SHEILA I. ALMENDRAS–FLAHERTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JOHN J. KITT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
ADRIAN D. RAGLAND 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U. S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MARK S. JIMISON GARRETT E. MEANS ERIC K. TERASHIMA MARK A. THIEME SHAWN P. WONDERLICH 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate March 27, 2017: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TONY D. BAUERNFEIND BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM T. COOLEY BRIG. GEN. STEPHEN L. DAVIS BRIG. GEN. PATRICK J. DOHERTY BRIG. GEN. JAMES A. JACOBSON BRIG. GEN. DAVID A. KRUMM BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY A. KRUSE BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL A. MINIHAN BRIG. GEN. SHAUN Q. MORRIS BRIG. GEN. THOMAS E MURPHY BRIG. GEN. DAVID S. NAHOM BRIG. GEN. STEPHEN W. OLIVER, JR. BRIG. GEN. JOHN M. PLETCHER BRIG. GEN. SCOTT L. PLEUS BRIG. GEN. JOHN T. RAUCH, JR. BRIG. GEN. BRIAN S. ROBINSON BRIG. GEN. RICKY N. RUPP BRIG. GEN. DIRK D. SMITH BRIG. GEN. KIRK W. SMITH BRIG. GEN. PAUL W. TIBBETS IV BRIG. GEN. ANDREW J. TOTH BRIG. GEN. MARK E. WEATHERINGTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DAGVIN R. M. ANDERSON COL. JASON R. ARMAGOST 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.047 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2015 March 27, 2017 
COL. CRAIG R. BAKER COL. GENTRY W. BOSWELL COL. RICHARD H. BOUTWELL COL. RYAN L. BRITTON COL. BRIAN R. BRUCKBAUER COL. LANCE R. BUNCH COL. TODD D. CANTERBURY COL. CASE A. CUNNINGHAM COL. EVAN C. DERTIEN COL. MICHAEL L. DOWNS COL. TROY E. DUNN COL. DEREK C. FRANCE COL. DAVID M. GAEDECKE COL. PHILIP A. GARRANT COL. ANTHONY W. GENATEMPO COL. KRISTIN E. GOODWIN COL. CHRISTOPHER J. IRELAND COL. DAVID R. IVERSON COL. JOEL D. JACKSON COL. RONALD E. JOLLY, SR. COL. MICHAEL G. KOSCHESKI COL. DAVID J. KUMASHIRO COL. JOHN D. LAMONTAGNE COL. LEAH G. LAUDERBACK COL. CHARLES B. MCDANIEL COL. JOHN C. MILLARD COL. ALBERT G. MILLER COL. JOHN J. NICHOLS COL. ROBERT G. NOVOTNY COL. LANSING R. PILCH COL. DONNA D. SHIPTON COL. JEREMY T. SLOANE COL. PHILLIP A. STEWART COL. DAVID H. TABOR 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. PAUL A. OSTROWSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. SEAN B. MACFARLAND THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. FRANCISCO A. ESPAILLAT THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFREY A. ROACH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27MR6.023 S27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE389 March 27, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on March 24, 2017, I was not present for the re-corded vote on roll call no. 191. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on the mo-tion to order the previous question providing for consideration of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL TEACHERS AWARD 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of outstanding public school teachers in Florida’s 16th Congressional Dis-trict. I was once told that children are 25 percent of the population, but they are 100 percent of the future. And it’s true. The education of a child is an investment, not only in that student, but in the future of our country. Therefore, I established the Congressional Teacher Awards to honor educators for their ability to teach and inspire students. An independent panel has chosen the fol-lowing teachers from Manatee, Sarasota, and Hillsborough Counties to receive Florida’s 16th District 2015 Congressional Teacher Award for their accomplishments as educators: Danielle Murphy for her accomplishments as a teacher at Boyette Springs Elementary in Riverview Carol Pelletier for her accomplishments as a teacher at Sarasota Military Academy Prep in Sarasota Emilee Vermilion for her accomplishments as a teacher at Southeast High School in Bra-denton On behalf of the people of Florida’s 16th District I congratulate each of these out-standing teachers and offer my sincere appre-ciation for their service and dedication. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN HUMBERT ROQUE ‘‘ROCKY’’ VERSACE ON THE OCCASION OF NATIONAL MEDAL OF HONOR DAY 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on the occasion of National Medal of Honor Day to recognize the heroism ‘‘above and beyond the call of duty’’ of Captain Humbert Roque ‘‘Rocky’’ Versace, USMA Class of 1959. Cap-tain Versace, who was captured by the Viet Cong with two other U.S. soldiers on 29 Octo-ber 1963, endured nearly 23 months of inhu-man treatment at the hands of his communist captors. That included denial of medical treat-ment (for the 3 bullet wounds he sustained during his capture), insufficient daily food ra-tion, indoctrination attempts, beatings and con-finement to a cramped bamboo cage. Portions of his Medal of Honor citation read: ‘‘[H]e demonstrated exceptional leadership and resolute adherence to the tenants of the Code of Conduct from the time he entered into a prisoner of war status . . . he attempted the first of four escape attempts by dragging him-self on his hands and knees out of the camp through dense swamp and forbidding vegeta-tion to freedom . . . Captain Versace scorned the enemy’s exhaustive interrogation and in-doctrination efforts, and inspired his fellow prisoners to resist to the best of their ability. When he used his Vietnamese language skills to protest improper treatment of the American prisoners by the guards, he was put into leg irons and gagged to keep his protestations out of earshot of the other American prisoners in the camp . . .’’ The Viet Cong murdered Captain Versace on 26 September 1965. After more than 51 years, Captain Versace is the only U.S. Sol-dier who received the Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War to remain Missing in Action. f 
COMMEMORATING THE RETIREMENT OF BOB EPLING 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative R
OS-LEHTINEN and Rep-resentative C
URBELO rise to commemorate the retirement of Mr. Bob Epling. Bob began his career as an assistant bank examiner with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in Washington, D.C. From there, he moved to South Florida, where he would spend most of the next fifty years. Bob worked for several banks in South Florida, and has served as the President and CEO of Home-stead/Community Bank of Florida for the last forty years. Through his work at the bank, he has consistently proven himself to be an hon-orable, ethical man. Bob has also been an active member of the South Florida community. He has served as the Chairman of the International Hurricane Center for the past twenty years, serves on the executive board of the South Florida Council of Boy Scouts of America, and is a member of the Military Affairs Committee of the Greater Homestead/Florida City Chamber of Commerce, among many other activities. Bob is also a Senior Advisor to the Orange Bowl Committee, after serving as its President in 1993. In his work with the Orange Bowl Committee, he was able to break ground on a renovation of the football stadium and field at Harris Field Park in Homestead. This project is just one example of Bob’s continuing commit-ment to making life better for his neighbors in South Florida. We have known Bob for several decades, and have been consistently impressed with the breadth of his involvement with the com-munity. He has been a loyal friend, and is an honest voice who can speak to the positive qualities of his community as well as the chal-lenges it faces. We congratulate Bob on a re-markable career and a lasting impact made. Mr. Speaker, we are honored to pay tribute to Mr. Bob Epling for his tremendous service to the South Florida community, and we ask our colleagues to join us in recognizing this re-markable individual. f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, in Indiana, we keep life simple. We love God, country, family, and basketball. And, this time of year, during March Madness, not necessarily in that order. Certain principles are sacred, like you do what you said you were going to do. Some want to make today’s debate complicated, but the truth is it’s pretty simple. For seven years we’ve told the American people we would re-peal Obamacare. Today we have an oppor-tunity to do that. It’s not a perfect bill—no bill is. But President Trump has said this is our best and only chance to get this done. There is some strong policy in this bill. It cuts taxes by hundreds of billions of dollars and government by hundreds of billions. It keeps pre-existing condition prohibitions and lets 26-year-olds stay on their parents’ health plans. Most importantly, however, it unshackles American families from a govern-ment forced mandate costing them thousands of dollars each year. This bill represents an enormous change away from an era of taxes, mandates, penalties, and government bureau-crats defining what health insurance plan you are allowed to purchase, and into an era where the patient, the consumer, is back in charge. Despite today’s rhetoric, the choice is clear: you can vote to keep Obamacare or vote to end it. It’s really that simple. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill, keep your promise, and do what you said you would do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27MR8.001 E27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE390 March 27, 2017 
COMMUNITY EMPOWERMENT FOR MITIGATED PROPERTIES ACT OF 2017 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to introduce the Community Empower-ment for Mitigated Properties Act of 2017. When the Federal Emergency Management Authority (FEMA) buys up repeatedly flood-ed—and uninsurable—residential lots, the houses are demolished and these properties become permanently barred from develop-ment. The properties become open lots and give flood waters a place to be absorbed, but the strict requirements and regulations on de-velopment of the land can leave a patchwork of empty spaces and an uncertain future about their upkeep and maintenance. This legislation would ensure that FEMA provide notice to municipal land maintenance authorities that a flood mitigation purchase has been made inside their jurisdiction, and how disagreements between local government’s competing land maintenance standards can be mediated. Enactment of this legislation would help communities in my district and around the country to better deal with these situations, and I look forward to advancing it through the Transportation and Infrastructure committee and this House. In conclusion, I would like to acknowledge a former member of my staff, Daniel Amico, for his hard work on this legislation. Daniel has moved on to pursue a new opportunity, but I wish him well and thank him for his efforts on my behalf preparing this bill. 
f 
THE MIDDLE EAST 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share with my col-leagues several articles that I have written over the years regarding the Middle East. As a Member of the Europe, Eurasia, and Emerg-ing Threats Subcommittee on Foreign Affairs, these pieces serve to outline and inform dis-cussions that our Committee will cover in the 115th Congress. 
ISIS, ISLAMIC EXTREMISM , AND THE LONG WAR  Regardless of various opinions about the United States’ military engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2001, I would argue that President Bush’s words to a joint ses-sion of Congress on 20 September of that year ring just as true and valuable now: ‘‘We are a country awakened to danger and called to defend freedom’’ against an onslaught by terrorists practicing ‘‘a fringe form of Is-lamic extremism’’. Recent unconscionable acts of violence by Islamic militants, including beheadings and burnings alive not heard of for hundreds of years, demand broad and possibly unique means of response and concerted action by the modem world. Certainly the ‘‘overseas contingency operation’’ with which the Obama Administration replaced the ‘‘Global War on Terror’’ in May 2009 has failed to ac-complish the task. Now ISIS leaders openly threaten to ‘‘conquer your Rome, break your crosses and enslave your women.’’ Not since the Communist state of Stalin, or perhaps the Third Reich, have we faced such a potential, or at least self-proclaimed, existential threat to the modem world. It re-quired a half century of containment to mu-tate the former and a brutal world war to eradicate the latter. The religious inspiration behind ISIS, Taliban, Al-Qaeda, and affiliated groups add a different face to the movements which call for responses broader than purely military activity. Recalling President Truman’s un-successful effort to draw the world’s reli-gions into the fight against communism, we need to draw religious leaders from all tradi-tions—especially the vast majority of Mus-lims who do not align themselves with the medieval barbarism of the terrorists—into open and concerted action in opposition to the threat posed here. In the early 1950s, Truman found only one group, the Catholic Church, willing to broad-ly and openly attack communism. In 2006, it was Pope Benedict XVI who spoke out more clearly and aggressively against the evil of using religion to inspire hatred and vio-lence—and of the fundamental incompati-bility of the Prophet’s command to ‘‘spread the word by the sword’’ with the way of life in the modem 21st century. He urged the Is-lamic world to reconcile the Koran with mo-dernity, to bring reason to its interpreta-tions just as the Enlightenment did for theo-cratic monarchies in the 18th century. He made it clear that moderate Muslims must take responsibility for their own religion. And while there have been some encour-aging comments, inter-religious dialogues, and op-eds to this effect, we are still in the early stages of a protracted struggle for the minds of heretofore not radicalized muslims. The ‘‘soft power’’ of religious opinion makers is an important factor. In fact, some have ar-gued as Ambassador Charles Freeman (USFS, Ret.) has that ‘‘only a coalition with a strong Muslim identity can hope to con-tain’’ the terrorists. He argues that the doc-trines of ISIS cannot be successfully refuted by non-Muslims because the U.S. ‘‘lacks the religious credentials to refute’’ Islamic ter-rorist groups as ‘‘a moral perversion of Islam.’’ The lack of cultural integration in dif-ferent nations’ societies also presents a major challenge. Whether it is European ‘‘multiculturalism,’’ or an affirmative preju-dice, the lack of alignment of many Muslim groups with the national identities and cul-tures of their countries has created a breed-ing ground for radicalization. Here is where our unique American ‘‘exceptionalism’’ can show the light. Our ‘‘melting pot’’ tradition of assimilation of diverse peoples has cre-ated—despite some bumps in the road—a uniquely broad and culturally tolerant soci-ety. And the related concept of citizenship based on residence and personal actions rath-er than blood and lineage can serve as a pow-erful model. As the world gropes for solutions, it has be-come clear that concerted action by the modem world, akin to the Allied Powers’ col-laborative actions to confront the Axis, is absolutely necessary. Spain and France re-cently passed bi-partisan laws granting ex-pansive powers to the authorities to monitor and interdict internet connectivity with rad-ical Islamic sites, to isolate and track down ‘‘lone wolf’’ terrorists, and to restrict and contain travel to and from places of known terrorist activities. Modifying the Schengen visa program and putting in place tightened border security are issues to consider as means of improving tracking of known ter-rorist suspects. Lastly, we should consider a ‘‘contain-ment’’ and isolation program to ring fence the terrorist geographies, turn them onto themselves and limit their capacity to ex-port murder beyond their borders. In so doing, perhaps we can help assure that their neighbors who are our allies in all this (espe-cially Jordan) are reinforced and protected. Turkey has a powerful role to play both be-cause of their long land border with Syria and Iraq, and due to the complexities pre-sented by the PKK in Turkey and the evo-lution of Kurdistan and its Peshmerga, which are capable fighters and allies of the West. Only a comprehensive strategy can turn the tide and lead us to ultimate victory in the Long War. IS THIS WAR YET ? Contrary to the constrained and parsed language that the Obama administration uses to describe the terror radiating from the Middle East, we are at war. The terror attacks in France only underscore this re-ality. This is a struggle for the values and freedoms the Western world holds dear. The modern secular state where all religious faiths are respected, and the rights of all men and women are to be protected, is under siege. These attacks are neither sporadic ‘‘episodes,’’ nor are they merely criminal. We confront a locally and regionally organized movement with a unifying ideology and global ambitions. While the Islamic State, Al-Qaeda and their ilk are in some ways more complicated than traditional nation states, the under-lying ideology has echoes of mid–20th Cen-tury fascism. There is tyranny in the beating heart of both movements. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton correctly noted that the enemy are ‘‘jihadists,’’ but shied away from conceding that it is unmistakably and by its own de-scription Islamic. You can argue whether the wave of terror that began with the Iranian Revolution and reached new heights with the Islamic State attacks on France is truly in-spired by a perverted interpretation of Islam, or rather the cynical and calculated manipu-lation of religion for the purpose of hege-monic conquest. Either way, the result is largely the same. The Islamic State, Al- Qaeda and the constellation of Islamic ex-tremist groups that orbit around them have spread fear across the world. They have im-posed a significant ‘‘security tax’’ on free so-cieties. And they have seized significant ter-ritory across North Africa and the Middle East. The question confronting all free societies targeted by these extremists is whether to declare war against those who are waging war against us. If so, what is the best means to mount the kind of wartime response tradi-tionally associated with nation state con-flicts? One possible measure would be an embargo that cuts off extremist held territory in Iraq and Syria from the rest of the world: No cross border movement, no flights in and out, no connection with the global commons. This would essentially treat extremist held territory as a belligerent nation, and it might well entail recognizing the already de facto partition of Iraq and Syria into their Shiite, Sunni and Kurdish regions. Islamic State leaders believe they occupy a Caliph-ate, so why should they avoid measures that traditionally constrain aggressor nations? More punishing measures could also target any governments or non-governmental orga-nizations that nurture or support the terror-ists, including the governments of many of our Sunni allies in the Middle East. Even in-direct or private support for a radical move-ment that has declared war on the civilized world should carry a heavy cost, one that creates an incentive for these nations to be-come part of the solution to a problem that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27MR8.006 E27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE391 March 27, 2017 
is in many respects of their own making. In short, cut off the money, dry up support, and starve the extremist movement. The plight of innocent people in areas oc-cupied or contested by these extremists is a humanitarian tragedy on an almost incom-prehensible scale. While all innocent people driven from their homes or persecuted by these extremists deserve our help and sup-port, the plight of Christians in this regard is unconscionable. The world needs to help all of the displaced persons created from this conflict, but the ultimate answer to their suffering is to stop the wanton violence and destruction so that they can return home. A good place to start is the ‘‘No Fly Zone’’ and safe corridor in Syria which Governor Jeb Bush and others have endorsed. Such a safe haven could offer a means to bring hu-manitarian aid to the displaced, stem the current refugee tide, and serve as a base of operations for more moderate forces opposed to the extremists. This sad chapter in human affairs will pass, but decisions and actions are urgently needed to hasten the day when the Islamic State and its fellow travelers take their rightful place on the ash heap of history, alongside other extremist movements like fascism, imperialism, and communism. As in past wars, free peoples will ultimately pre-vail so long as free nations stand united against tyranny, recognizing it under what-ever black flag it travels. Appeasement and parsed language, such as we have repeatedly seen from the Obama administration, will not deter hardened jihadists. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CENTEN-NIAL OF THE BOROUGH OF DU-PONT, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Borough of Dupont, Penn-sylvania, which will celebrate its Centennial on March 28, 2017. When Judge Garman signed a decree on March 28, 1917 to officially incor-porate the Borough of Dupont, he could not have imagined the robust, close-knit, and thriving community that Dupont is today. The citizens of Dupont have always shown resilience and determination. In 1896, when the residents of the Dupont section of Pittston Township were unhappy with their living condi-tions and the allocation of their tax dollars, they banded together to present a petition for incorporation to Luzerne County. When their petition was denied, the citizens of Dupont did not back down or give up. They spend the next 21 years revising and submitting new pe-titions until their ultimate success in 1917. In 1917, Dupont was home to 27 saloons, 6 butcher shops, a watch maker, 5 candy stores, and 3 pool rooms, among other fine establishments. Today, Dupont is home to many area favorites, including the Dupont Pol-ish Club and VFW Post 4909, as well as a number of successful businesses and res-taurants. These small businesses and gath-ering spaces truly reflect the community-mind-ed and entrepreneurial spirit of Dupont. Communities like Dupont are what make Northeastern Pennsylvania a unique and vi-brant place to live and work. Over the past one hundred years, the Borough has dem-onstrated a commitment to fellowship and progress, a trend which will no doubt continue and contribute to the prosperity of this treas-ured community. f 
LIMITING INHUMANE FEDERAL TRAPPING (LIFT) ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I am reintroducing the Limiting Inhumane Fed-eral Trapping (LIFT) Act, which would severely restrict the use of inhumane body-gripping traps on public lands and by public officials. Every year, countless dogs, cats, and wild ani-mals are injured and killed in body-gripping traps such as leg and foothold, Conibear, and snare traps. The animals caught in these traps are subject to intense pain that can last for hours, or even days. If they don’t die imme-diately from the injuries, animals can suffer from dehydration, predation, or when a trapper eventually finds them. Furthermore, pets and other companion animals can be the victims of these traps. Body-gripping traps are non-se-lective in their victims, and can be particularly dangerous if set in popular areas. There are many effective non-lethal methods that can be deployed in place of these cruel traps. Despite these serious risks, body-gripping traps are used by federal agencies, local gov-ernments, private entities, and individual trap-pers to catch creatures for their fur, keep ani-mals away from livestock and crops, and even for recreational purposes. Wildlife Services, a federal agency notorious for its secrecy and use of inhumane animal management tech-niques, often uses body-gripping traps as a first resort. This results in the death or capture of thousands of animals per year in these cruel body-gripping traps. Federal agencies too often avoid more humane, effective, and non-lethal control options to control animal species. The LIFT Act would ensure that fed-eral agencies, including Wildlife Services, do a better job of regulating trapping by non-federal entities on public lands, thereby limiting cruelty and protecting public safety. Inhumane trapping is a problem in Oregon and across the country. There have been too many unfortunate examples of wild animals and pets falling victim to these traps. This bill complements efforts by other colleagues in the House and Senate to crack down on the use of body-gripping traps in light of the growing public acknowledgement that we cannot and should not continue to endorse the wide-spread use of these inhumane devices. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, never before, in more than two centuries of American his-tory, has Congress taken back benefits and replaced them with a package that, in turn, re-duces benefits in use by the American people. The effect on the District of Columbia would be particularly disappointing because the Af-fordable Care Act (ACA) has brought the city to virtual universal coverage (only 3.4 percent not covered). Moreover, most Americans, in-cluding D.C. residents, get their coverage through their employers. The untold story about Trumpcare is its effect not only on the ACA, but the harmful effects it could have on the one-sixth of the U.S. economy that is ac-counted for by healthcare costs. The reason Americans oppose Trumpcare is its take-backs: 24 million people would lose coverage; premiums and deductibles would in-crease; essential coverage for maternity care, prescription drugs, and emergency room visits would end; healthy pre-Medicare elderly would be charged five times what others pay; and in-stead of lengthening the Medicare Trust Fund, Trumpcare would shorten it by three years. The most devastating effect of repeal would be felt by the lowest-income Americans who benefit from the Medicaid expansion in the ACA with the end of the Medicaid expansion in 2020. Seventy-four percent of Americans, including 54 percent of Republicans, oppose cutting Medicaid funding. I urge my colleagues to join the American people in voting no: recent polls show only 17 percent of the American people support the Republican Trumpcare bill. f 
HONORING DR. ELLEN N. JUNN 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Dr. Ellen N. Junn, who will be officially inaugurated as the 11th President of California State University, Stanislaus, on March 30, 2017. President Junn has demonstrated a dedica-tion to excellence in the pursuit of knowledge with a career spanning more than 30 years in teaching and leadership positions at five dif-ferent California State University campuses. In addition to her years of service, President Junn has an extensive catalogue of published work with a focus on supporting the success of underserved students, the significance of university-community engagement, and strate-gies for supporting non-tenure track faculty, especially women and minorities. President Junn has helped countless stu-dents attain baccalaureate and graduate de-grees through a core commitment to forging and advocating pathways for the underserved. She has been recognized as an exemplary leader and fierce promoter for the California State University’s diverse community of stu-dents, faculty, and staff. She has also advo-cated for an engaged and high-impact under-graduate experience, led by a team of dedi-cated teachers. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and congratulating Dr. Ellen Junn on becoming the next President of California State University, Stanislaus, as we look forward to a long and productive partnership benefitting the citizens of our collective region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR8.001 E27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE392 March 27, 2017 
CELEBRATING THE 15TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ARAB PEACE INI-TIATIVE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a resolution Celebrating the Impor-tance of the 15th Anniversary of the Arab Peace Initiative as a Meaningful Effort by Arab Countries to the Commitment of Peace in the Middle East. I recently travelled to Israel for the 18th time as a Member of Congress. While in Israel and Jordan, I attended a number of bilateral and multilateral meetings focused on security and the outlook for the region in the coming year. I always welcome these opportunities to meet with senior leaders on such a wide range of issues, and our conversations touched on po-litical developments, regional security in the Middle East, the peace process, and strength-ening the bilateral relationships between the United States and these nations. Although the Israeli-Palestinian conflict con-tinues to be a major challenge, I believe we must stay actively involved in peace negotia-tions. I am happy to say that recently, Israel and some Muslim-majority Arab nations in the Middle East have made progress in regional cooperation. I believe that, using the Arab Peace Initiative as a baseline, these recent developments present a renewed opportunity for progress—one that we cannot afford to miss. Mr. Speaker, my resolution highlights the importance of the Arab Peace Initiative and urges the nations to continue the hard work of fostering stronger relationship. Under the right circumstances, the Arab Peace Initiative al-lows for gradual progress towards the normal-ization of bilateral relations between Israel and its neighbors. We all know that the relationship between America and Israel is paramount, and I have faith that, in time, the relationships be-tween Israel and other nations will also strengthen. I commend the regional countries that have taken steps to facilitate the end of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, while simulta-neously strengthening regional security through discussions with the State of Israel. I urge all parties to continue these important dialogues. I would also like to take a moment to ac-knowledge the Hashemite Kingdom of Jor-dan’s ascension to the Presidency of the Arab League. The United States established rela-tions with Jordan in 1949 and our countries have a long history of cooperation. Jordan has taken on an important role in pursuing progress for the region. I congratulate my friend King Abdullah II and wish Jordan the very best as it assumes this new leadership role for the foreseeable future. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce this resolution today, and recommend its expedi-tious consideration and passage. CELEBRATING JUANITA SEARFOSS ON HER 90TH BIRTHDAY HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Juanita Searfoss, a great Hoosier who is celebrating her 90th birthday today. Juanita M. Searfoss was born on March 27, 1927, in South Bend, Indiana, to Dorotha M. and Herschel A. Sharp, who were loving Christian parents. She also had three broth-ers, David C. Sharp (deceased), Jerry D. Sharp of Bonita Springs, Florida, and Ronald (Mary) Sharp of South Bend. On October 7, 1950, she married Clifford L. Searfoss. They were married for 55 years until his death in 2005. Their loving marriage pro-duced six children, 16 grandchildren, and 14 great-grandchildren. Juanita graduated from Central High School in South Bend and Indiana University in Bloomington with a degree in medical tech-nology. She worked for the South Bend Med-ical Foundation, retiring after 21 years of serv-ice. Juanita has always been active in her church—she has been a member of the Sonlight Fellowship Wesleyan Church since the age of ten—and various volunteer and service organizations. For many years she has planned and made a meal every two months for Hope Ministries. She was a member of Faith in Action, did respite care for several families, and helped support several mission-aries, as well as the Northern Indiana Food Bank and Chiara House. She is a member of the St. Joseph County Home Extension Normain club, a Bible study group, Gleaners, a Red Hat Society group, and a hospice orga-nization, just to name a few. In 2008 she was awarded the Golden Hoosier Award for her volunteer work. She still loves to read, travel, play the piano, crochet, and spend time with her family and friends. Many have benefitted from her strong faith, her kind and caring nature, her quiet wisdom, and her unconditional love. Happy 90th Birthday, Juanita. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DONNETTA WALSER 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Donnetta Walser. Donnetta spent her life dedicated to improv-ing her local community. Her 28 years as an educator, including many in the Monroe School District, is a testament to her steadfast commitment to her students. After her career in public education, Donnetta spent 32 years in public service, serving on the Monroe City Council, Monroe Civil Service Commission, U.S. 2 Safety Coali-tion, Snohomish County Senior Services Board of Directors, Snohomish County League of Women Voters, and two terms as the Mayor of Monroe. Donnetta had such a positive impact on so many people throughout our community. Her kind and compassionate spirit and willingness to take on tough tasks will surely be missed. Although she has passed on, her memory and impact will continue to live on. My heart goes out to her husband: Fred; her sons and daughters-in-law: Scott and Stacey and Matt and Kimberly; her grandchildren; and all of her family and friends. f 
CELEBRATING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TEENS HELPING KIDS 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Teens Helping Kids as they celebrate their 10th year of service. Located in the South Texas city of Browns-ville, Teens Helping Kids was founded in 2008 by five high school juniors. Since its formation, the club has raised and donated funds to or-ganizations that provide services to children, and its teen members have volunteered time and energy to helping those who need it most. Each year, Teens Helping Kids partners with Cameron County Children’s Advocacy Centers, Inc. to host the Annual Sports Celeb-rity Dinner, which has raised more than $800,000 since its inception. This year, its members plan to meet their $1,000,000 goal. The success of this event will be felt region- wide as Teens Helping Kids will be donating proceeds to local children’s nonprofits such as Ozanam Center, Tip of Texas Family Out-reach, Monica’s House, and Maggie’s House. Teens Helping Kids has made a lasting, positive impact in our community, and they will continue to play a role in the improvement of South Texas. I rise today to congratulate them for their decade of success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. ROBERT GEORGE EVANS, JR. 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a decent and generous American, Mr. Robert George Evans, Jr., who passed away on March 16, 2017 surrounded by his loving family. Robbie was a lifelong New Orleanian. He graduated from Archbishop Shaw High School and earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Management from the University of New Orle-ans. After college he rose to the position of Vice President for the family steel drum busi-ness, Evans Cooperage. He later founded Con-Tech International which began selling in-dustrial steel drum parts and related items. Under his leadership, the company has grown into an international corporation supplying steel and hundreds of custom manufactured parts to various industries across the globe. I met Robbie through a mutual friend, Jerry Bonnet. It was a few years after Hurricane Katrina and I was still Indiana Secretary of State. My office had ‘‘adopted’’ an inner city school in Indianapolis, and I heard that Robbie and New Orleans were doing some amazing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27MR8.006 E27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE393 March 27, 2017 
work with parental choice in schools in the Hurricane’s aftermath that basically destroyed a lot of public school infrastructure. We had been personal friends ever since that first meeting. Robbie helped lead a ‘‘Phoenix from the ashes’’ movement in the New Orleans schools. The success was due to the need to throw away the old bureaucracy, rules, and the attitude that the schools existed for the adults in them rather than for the kids. Robbie helped turn that all-around, attracting national attention for the model. He devoted hundreds of hours annually to improving New Orleans public schools and the lives of the students at-tending them. He was an unapologetic advo-cate for inner-city students attending Lafayette Academy and Esperanza Charter School. He served as a board member for the Choice Foundation where he was both the Vice Chair-man and Executive Committee member. Robbie served on many other boards and committees, each with a goal to improve and enhance the economic environment or edu-cational opportunity of his community. Robbie was a man of high character and in-tegrity. He had a servant’s heart for his com-munity and those who live in it. His love for New Orleans and its culture was evident in his words and actions. Robbie was an art, archi-tecture, and history enthusiast. He loved to travel the country and world meeting new peo-ple and experiencing different cultures. He was a friend to many people and an advocate for more. His obituary was correct in all re-spects, including that he indeed was a terrible driver. Robbie leaves Barbara, his beloved wife of 34 years, his daughter and son, and many other family and friends to carry on his legacy of service to their communities. Anyone who knew him well knows what a great loss his passing is for New Orleans and our nation. Rest in peace Robbie, you will not be forgot-ten. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE ANTHONY BEILENSON 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of the Honorable An-thony C. Beilenson—father, husband, grand-father, California legislator, and United States Congressman—who passed away on March 5, 2017. Tony Beilenson grew up in New Rochelle, New York. After graduating from Harvard Law School in 1957, he moved to Los Angeles to practice law in the film industry. Always striv-ing to give back to the world and do as much good as possible, Tony decided to forgo his legal practice to serve the public and he was elected to the California State Assembly in 1962. In 1966, he continued his service to the people of California and was elected to the State Senate. During his tenure in the California State Legislature, Tony worked hard to protect the environment and reproductive rights, and was respected by his colleagues regardless of party for his unparalleled collegiality and civil-ity when working to address the most chal-lenging issues of his time. He was widely known for voting and acting according to his thoughtful and well-informed conscience, which inspired his colleagues to eschew par-tisanship and elevate constructive discourse. Tony continued his legacy of effective and impactful lawmaking when he was elected in 1976 to serve in Congress, representing parts of the San Fernando Valley, Thousand Oaks and Agoura Hills. He will forever be remem-bered for his landmark 1978 legislation that established the Santa Monica Mountains Na-tional Recreation Area, protecting part of Southern California’s most treasured natural landscape for future generations to explore and enjoy. As a Member of Congress, Tony fought hard to support environmental initiatives such as the Clean Air Act and securing funding for the Sepulveda Basin Wildlife Refuge and Lake Balboa Park, which was renamed the Anthony C. Beilenson Park in 1998. He was a powerful advocate for reducing government waste and promoting efficiency. Tony’s former colleagues share a deep respect for the integrity, class, and sensibility that he championed throughout his tenure in office. Tony is survived by his wife, Dolores; his sons, Adam and Peter; his daughter Dayna; and nine grandchildren. I hope that his family will take comfort in the remarkable legacy that he established at every turn of his life as an accomplished public servant. May his memory be a blessing to us all. f 
HONORING MR. BRENDEN SHIPLEY WITH THE 2017 CONGRESSIONAL AWARD 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 27, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to honor Mr. Brenden Shipley of West Palm Beach with the Congressional Award of Bronze and Silver Medals. Since 1979, the Congressional Award has inspired our nation’s youth to set and achieve personally chal-lenging goals that build character and foster community service. Recipients are committed to bettering themselves and to giving back to the communities in which they reside. It is the fulfilling of that commitment, which makes these young people so extraordinary. Mr. Shipley took on the challenge of earning two medals: Bronze and Silver. Earning these awards requires a minimum of 400 hours of community service. He served his community by volunteering at the Kids Cancer Founda-tion, tutoring kids in math, cleaning the football field at school, and helping one of his friends move into his new home. In addition, he learned how to build a house and commercial buildings, and improved his physical fitness for his senior year football season by weightlifting and boxing. Furthermore, Mr. Shipley planned a seventeen day trip to France, England, Ire-land, and Wales to immerse himself in an un-familiar culture and to develop a spirit of ad-venture. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said that: ‘‘The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think criti-cally. Intelligence plus character—that is the goal of true education.’’ I believe that Mr. Brenden Shipley is a remarkable young man who exemplifies that true character. I am hon-ored to present him with the 2017 Congres-sional Award for Bronze and Silver Medals, and to recognize him for all of his hard work in the West Palm Beach community. I wish him much success in all of his future endeav-ors. f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, on March 25, 1966—51 years ago, this past Saturday—Dr. King spoke these words: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health is the most shocking and the most inhuman because it often results in physical death.’’ We came to this floor to fight TrumpCare last week with the moral force of Dr. Martin Luther King’s words in our heart. Affordable health care is a civil right; a fundamental right for every American. As we remember Dr. King’s wisdom, as we debated this bill: we did so in tribute to our colleague B
OBBY RUSH’s late wife, Carolyn Rush. Carolyn was active in the civil rights movement, and she was a champion for Americans’ health care. Her fu-neral was Saturday, the 51st anniversary of Dr. King’s words. We were proud to honor Carolyn Rush’s memory by saving the Afford-able Care Act from repeal and protecting the health of the American people. Speaker R
YAN called this bill an ‘‘act of mercy.’’ There is no mercy here. Indeed, in-equality and inhumanity is exactly what TrumpCare has in store for the American peo-ple. Sister Simone Campbell said: ‘‘This is not the faithful way forward and must be rejected.’’ The Catholic Health Association wrote: ‘‘We strongly encourage the full House to reject this ‘replacement’ bill.’’ As the United Methodist Church said, opposing TrumpCare: ‘‘People will die because of efforts like this to roll back health care.’’ Lutheran Services in America said TrumpCare ‘‘will jeopardize the health care and long term services and supports of millions of Americans.’’ The Episcopal Church says TrumpCare ‘‘falls woefully short of our spiritual calling to care for the ‘least of these,’ as well as the noble values upon which our great nation was founded.’’ Rather than an act of mercy, TrumpCare is a moral monstrosity that will devastate sen-iors, children and hard-working Americans. I grant our Republican friends their position. I respect them and their constituents who sent them here. But I do not accept the wrong pri-orities in TrumpCare—tax cuts for the rich at the expense of tens of millions of working fam-ilies across America. TrumpCare spotlights the difference in the priorities of the Democrats and Republicans in Congress—whether we in Congress believe in a public role in meeting the needs of the American people. It is about governance itself. Trumpcare is consistent with the Ryan budget that destroys the Medicare guarantee. It is a step forward in the long-standing Republican belief that Medicare should ‘‘wither on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27MR8.010 E27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE394 March 27, 2017 
vine;’’ that Medicaid should be shrunken; that Social Security should be privatized. If you believe we have a role and a respon-sibility to protect the health and wellbeing of the American people, you must reject the bill before us now. Here’s how TrumpCare hurts the American people: 1. Higher Costs—TrumpCare forces families to pay higher premiums and deductibles, in-creasing out-of-pocket costs. 2. Less Coverage—TrumpCare will take away health care from 24 million hard-working Americans. 3. Key Protections Gutted—TrumpCare eradicates Essential Health Benefits, such as maternity, prescription drug and emergency coverage—functionally destroying protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. 4. A Crushing Age Tax—TrumpCare forces Americans aged 50–64 to pay premiums five times higher than what others pay for health coverage, no matter how healthy they are. 5. Steals from Medicare—TrumpCare short-ens the life of the Medicare Trust Fund and ransacks funds that seniors depend on to get the long-term care they need. Republicans’ bill would increase costs and cut coverage for millions of Americans, while leaving coverage for Members of Congress untouched. And as bad as TrumpCare was al-ready, in the middle of the night Republicans made it even worse. TrumpCare would make being a woman a pre-existing condition again. Stripping guaran-teed maternity care is a pregnancy tax, pure and simple. Under Trumpcare, Americans will be forced to pay extra for hospital coverage; prescription drug coverage; rehab, pregnancy, maternity, newborn and pediatric care. When Republicans eradicate essential health bene-fits, they are destroying the protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions—no matter if they are covered through the market-place or their employer. If Republicans have their way, families, sen-iors, vulnerable children, Americans with dis-abilities, people struggling to overcome addic-tion and the sick will lose their health care. Rural hospitals will be closed and nearly 2 mil-lion jobs will be destroyed across America. Millions of veterans will lose access to tax credits for health care. All of this to give an-other massive tax for the richest in America. TrumpCare is a billionaire’s tax cut dis-guised as a health care bill. It is Robin Hood in reverse—one of the largest transfers of wealth from working families to the rich in our history. We honor the vision of our founders, who risked everything to advance the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness; a healthier life, and the liberty to pursue your happiness. Today, as we fight to preserve affordable health care as the right of every American, not a privilege for the few, we fight for children like Zoe Madison Lihn. Zoe was born with a con-genital heart defect in May 2010. She faced her first—of three heart surgeries—at 15 hours old. By six months old, Zoe was halfway to the lifetime limit her insurer placed on her care. She faced a grim future; not only using up her lifetime limit by pre-school, but carrying a pre- existing condition that will require attention and care for the rest of her life. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Zoe is protected. But TrumpCare puts her future in danger—higher costs, less care. I began with Dr. Martin Luther King, and I will end with Pope Francis, who spoke of Dr. King in his speech to Congress. As Pope Francis said: ‘‘Health is not a consumer good but a universal right, so access to health serv-ices cannot be a privilege.’’ Our responsibility to the sick and the hurt is biblical. It is funda-mental to who we are. Today, let us declare once again that affordable health care must be the right of every American—not the privilege of the few. For the sake of our values, to honor our responsibilities, to protect the health of the American people, I urged my colleagues to vote no on this moral monstrosity—the TrumpCare bill. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, March 28, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 29 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine Russian in-fluence and unconventional warfare op-erations in the ‘‘Grey Zone’’, focusing on lessons from Ukraine. SR–222 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine closing the skills gap and boosting United States competitiveness. SD–G50 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine cleaning up our nation’s Cold War legacy sites. SD–406 10:15 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine United States-Mexico relationship, focusing on advancing security and prosperity on both sides of the border. SD–419 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine a review of the defense health program and mili-tary medicine funding. SD–192 12 noon Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:15 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine on the health of the Department of Defense industrial base, and its role in pro-viding readiness to the warfighter. SR–232A Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on security issues. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine civil society perspectives on Russia. SD–192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation. SD–G50 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine the effect of borrowing on Federal spending. SD–342 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 304, to amend the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copay-ment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or serv-ices from the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 343, to repeal certain obso-lete laws relating to Indians, S. 381, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to con-fer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Res-ervation’’, S. 607, to establish a busi-ness incubators program within the De-partment of the Interior to promote economic development in Indian res-ervation communities, and S. 669, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety condi-tions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facili-ties that were constructed to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of fa-cilities and structures to improve those conditions; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine na-tive youth, focusing on promoting dia-betes prevention through healthy liv-ing. SD–628 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine the arc of Alzheimer’s, focusing on preventing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27MR8.013 E27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE395 March 27, 2017 
cognitive decline in Americans to as-suring quality care for those living with the disease. SD–106 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine how small businesses confront and shape regula-tions. SR–428A 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization. SR–222 MARCH 30 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of R. Alexander Acosta, of Flor-ida, to be Secretary of Labor. SD–430 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Heather Wilson, of South Da-kota, to be Secretary of the Air Force, Department of Defense. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Business meeting to consider pending calendar business and subcommittee assignments. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States interests, values, and the Amer-ican people. SD–419 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine disinformation, focusing on a primer in Russian active measures and influence campaigns. SD–106 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the poten-tial for infrastructure improvements to create jobs and reduce the cost of liv-ing through all-of-the-above energy and mineral production in Alaska. SD–366 APRIL 3 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colo-rado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, and Ra-chel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General, both of the Depart-ment of Justice. SH–216 APRIL 4 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine fencing along the southwest border. SD–342 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine efforts to protect U.S. energy delivery systems from cybersecurity threats. SD–366 APRIL 5 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine improving border security and public safety. SD–342 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine a progress report on conflict minerals. SD–419 APRIL 6 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Southern Command and United States Northern Command. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M27MR8.000 E27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D341 Monday, March 27, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1981–S2015 Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and three reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 723–738, and S. Res. 98–100.
                                                  Pages S1995–96 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘History, Jurisdiction, and a Summary of Activities of the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources During the 114th Con-gress’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–10) S. 269, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation located in Dillingham, Alaska. (S. Rept. No. 115–11)
                                                                Page S1995 
Measures Passed: Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion: Committee on Rules and Administration was discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 30, providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smith-sonian Institution, and the resolution was then passed.
                                                                             Page S2003 
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion: Committee on Rules and Administration was discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 35, providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and the resolution was then passed.
                                                                     Pages S2003–04 
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion: Committee on Rules and Administration was discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 36, providing for the appointment of Roger W. Fer-guson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and the resolution was then passed.
                                                                  Page S2004 
Appointments: Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appointed the following Member to serve on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Senator King.                                                                                             Page S2003 
Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro—Agreement: Sen-ate resumed consideration of T.D. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Acces-sion of Montenegro, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
      Pages S1981, S1982–93 
Pending: McConnell Amendment No. 193, to change the enactment date.
                                                          Page S1982 
McConnell Amendment No. 194 (to Amendment No. 193), of a perfecting nature.
                       Page S1982 
During consideration of this treaty today, Senate also took the following action: By 97 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. 97), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the treaty.
              Page S1992 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the treaty at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, March 28, 2017; and that all time during Leader remarks, morning business, recess, and adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture.
                                            Pages S1992–93 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 58 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 4 Army nominations in the rank of general. 
                                                                      Pages S2003, S2014–15 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to Japan. Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. Althea Coetzee, of Virginia, to be Deputy Admin-istrator of the Small Business Administration. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 7 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S2004–14 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD342 March 27, 2017 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1994 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1994 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1994–95 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1996–97 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                             Pages S1997–S2000 
Additional Statements: Amendments Submitted:
                          Pages S2002–03 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2003 Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—97)
                                                                   Page S1992 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:24 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, March 28, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2004.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1726–1745; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 231–232 were introduced.
                 Pages H2463–64 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2464–65 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 229, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1430) to prohibit the Environmental Pro-tection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or dis-seminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible (H. Rept. 115–60); H. Res. 230, providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 34) providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’ (H. Rept. 115–61); H.R. 1387, to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–62); and H.R. 1431, to amend the Environmental Re-search, Development, and Demonstration Authoriza-tion Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–63). 
                                                                                    Pages H2462–63 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2447 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H2447 Recess: The House recessed at 2:05 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:01 p.m.
                                                   Page H2448 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Requiring the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to ap-plicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or disaster: H.R. 1117, amended, to re-quire the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to applicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or dis-aster, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 408 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 195; 
                                                                Pages H2448–50, H2452–53 
Disaster Simplified Assistance Value Enhance-ment Act: H.R. 1214, amended, to require the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to conduct a program to use simplified pro-cedures to issue public assistance for certain projects under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act; and
                  Pages H2449–50 
Pacific Northwest Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2017: H.R. 654, amended, to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy to carry out a plan for the purchase and installa-tion of an earthquake early warning system for the Cascadia Subduction Zone, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 395 yeas to 11 nays, Roll No. 196.
   Pages H2454–55 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:24 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2452 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D343 March 27, 2017 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Lofgren announced her intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                       Pages H2453–54 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H2452. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2452–53 and H2454–55. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
HONEST ACT; SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION RELATING TO ‘‘PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CUSTOMERS OF BROADBAND AND OTHER TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES’’ Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1430, the ‘‘HONEST Act’’; and S.J. Res. 34, providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a closed rule for S.J. Res 34. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint res-olution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolu-tion. The rule provides one motion to commit. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a closed rule for H.R. 1430. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Smith of Texas, and Representatives Blackburn, Mi-chael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, and Beyer. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing on Department of Defense worldwide policy and strategy and the Fiscal Year 2017 Defense Supplemental Budget Request, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine fostering economic growth, fo-cusing on the role of financial companies, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the United States’ increasing dependence on foreign sources of minerals and opportunities to re-build and improve the supply chain in the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. Subcommittee on Energy, to hold hearings to examine the cybersecurity threats to the United States electric grid and technology advancements to minimize such threats, including S. 79, to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of cer-tain entities in the energy sector, 2:15 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine S. 518, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for technical assistance for small treatment works, S. 692, to provide for inte-grated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Munic-ipal Ombudsman, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revision of financial capability guidance, and S. 675, to amend and reauthorize certain provisions relat-ing to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship, 2:15 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the view from Congress, focusing on United States policy on Iran, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine protecting young athletes from sexual abuse, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed business meeting to consider the Biennial Re-port, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Commodity Policy Part I’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD344 March 27, 2017 Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: The Future of SNAP’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on De-fense, hearing on U.S. Central Command, 10:45 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Cor-poration for Public Broadcasting, 10 a.m., 2358–C Ray-burn. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Assessment of Russian Activities and Security Challenges in Europe’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Naval Strike Fighters-Issues and Concerns’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining the Corporation for National and Community Service and Its Failed Oversight of Taxpayer Dollars’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Self-Driving Cars: Levels of Automation’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining FDA’s Medical Device User Fee Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Arbitrary and Inconsistent Non-Bank SIFI Designation Process’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Bank Lending in America’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Budget, Diplomacy, and Development’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Venezuela’s Tragic Meltdown’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘East Africa’s Quiet Famine’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, subcommittee on Cyber-security and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of DHS’ Efforts to Secure Federal Networks’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full committee, markup on a committee resolution regarding franked mail; hearing entitled ‘‘The Smithsonian Institution’s Pri-orities’’, 11:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Immigra-tion and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring En-forcement of our Nation’s Immigration Laws’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Secu-rity, and Investigations, hearing to examine the state of forensic science in the United States, 3 p.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘ESA Consulta-tion Impediments to Economic and Infrastructure Devel-opment’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 24, the ‘‘Federal Reserve Trans-parency Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1552, the ‘‘Fair and Open Competition Act’’; H.R. 1242, the ‘‘400 Years of Afri-can-American History Commission Act’’; and H.R. 1694, the ‘‘Fannie and Freddie Open Records Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Reviewing Challenges in Federal IT Acquisition’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Revitalizing American Communities through the Brownfields Program’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1431, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 186, of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax returns and other specified financial information of President Donald J. Trump, 4 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 28 through March 31, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of T.D. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, post-cloture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: March 29, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine a review of the defense health program and military med-icine funding, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. March 29, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine civil society perspectives on Russia, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: March 28, to receive a closed briefing on Department of Defense worldwide pol-icy and strategy and the Fiscal Year 2017 Defense Sup-plemental Budget Request, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. March 29, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold hearings to examine Russian influ-ence and unconventional warfare operations in the ‘‘Grey Zone’’, focusing on lessons from Ukraine, 10 a.m., SR–222. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D345 March 27, 2017 March 29, Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support, to hold hearings to examine on the health of the Department of Defense industrial base, and its role in providing readiness to the warfighter, 2:15 p.m., SR–232A. March 29, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. March 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Heather Wilson, of South Dakota, to be Secretary of the Air Force, Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: March 28, to hold hearings to examine fostering eco-nomic growth, focusing on the role of financial compa-nies, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 29, to hold hearings to examine closing the skills gap and boosting United States competitiveness, 10 a.m., SD–G50. March 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 28, to hold hearings to examine the United States’ increasing dependence on foreign sources of minerals and opportuni-ties to rebuild and improve the supply chain in the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. March 28, Subcommittee on Energy, to hold hearings to examine the cybersecurity threats to the United States electric grid and technology advancements to minimize such threats, including S. 79, to provide for the establish-ment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the energy sector, 2:15 p.m., SD–366. March 30, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider pending calendar business and subcommittee assign-ments, 10 a.m., SD–366. March 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the potential for infrastructure improvements to create jobs and reduce the cost of living through all-of-the- above energy and mineral production in Alaska, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 28, Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine S. 518, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for technical assistance for small treatment works, S. 692, to provide for inte-grated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Munic-ipal Ombudsman, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revision of financial capability guidance, and S. 675, to amend and reauthorize certain provisions relat-ing to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship, 2:15 p.m., SD–406. March 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine cleaning up our nation’s Cold War legacy sites, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: March 28, to hold hear-ings to examine the view from Congress, focusing on United States policy on Iran, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. March 29, Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine United State-Mexico relationship, fo-cusing on advancing security and prosperity on both sides of the border, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. March 29, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to ex-amine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on security issues, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. March 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine United States interests, values, and the American peo-ple, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: March 30, business meeting to consider the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor, Time to be announced, SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: March 29, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine the effect of borrowing on Federal spending, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: March 29, business meeting to consider S. 304, to amend the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copayment of an Indian or Alaska Na-tive veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 343, to repeal certain obsolete laws relating to Indians, S. 381, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’, S. 607, to establish a business incubators program within the Department of the Interior to promote economic development in Indian reservation communities, and S. 669, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facilities that were constructed to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facilities and structures to im-prove those conditions; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine native youth, focusing on promoting diabetes prevention through healthy living, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: March 28, to hold hearings to examine protecting young athletes from sexual abuse, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: March 29, to hold hearings to examine how small businesses confront and shape regulations, 3 p.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: March 28, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. March 28, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed business meeting to consider the Bi-ennial Report, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. March 29, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 12 noon, SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD346 March 27, 2017 March 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine disinformation, focusing on a primer in Russian active measures and influence campaigns, 10 a.m., SD–106. Special Committee on Aging: March 29, to hold hearings to examine the arc of Alzheimer’s, focusing on preventing cognitive decline in Americans to assuring quality care for those living with the disease, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, March 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of the Farm Credit System’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, March 29, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on U.S. European Command, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. March 29, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. March 29, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing for public witnesses, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Assessment of the Security Challenges in the Greater Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 29, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; and Sub-committee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Threats to Space Assets and Implications for Homeland Security’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. March 29, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Military Pilot Shortage’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Ray-burn. March 30, Subcommittee on Readiness; and Sub-committee on Seapower and Projection Forces, joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Current State of U.S. Transportation Command’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 30, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; and Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Consequences and Context for Russia’s Violations of the INF Treaty’’, 10:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 29, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions, hearing on H.R. 986, the ‘‘Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 29, Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Realizing Nationwide Next-Generation 911’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. March 29, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Energy Related Tax Policy and its Effects on Markets, Prices, and Consumers’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Ray-burn. Committee on Financial Services, March 29, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Impact of the Volcker Rule on the Markets, Businesses, Investors, and Job Creators’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, March 29, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 54, reaffirming the United States-Ar-gentina partnership and recognizing Argentina’s economic reforms; H. Res. 92, condemning North Korea’s develop-ment of multiple intercontinental ballistic missiles, and for other purposes; H. Res. 137, ‘‘Honoring the life of Shimon Peres’’; H. Res. 145, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the fight against cor-ruption in Central America; H.R. 390, the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017’’; H.R. 479, the ‘‘North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 672, the ‘‘Combating European Anti-Semitism Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1644, the ‘‘Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act’’, 10:45 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. March 29, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Testing the Limits: Iran’s Ballistic Missile Program, Sanctions, and the Islamic Rev-olutionary Guard Corps’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, March 29, Sub-committee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism in North Africa: An Examination of the Threat’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, March 29, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1667, the ‘‘Financial Institution Bank-ruptcy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1695, the ‘‘Register of Copy-rights Selection and Accountability Act of 2017’’; H. Res. 184, a resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respec-tively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to communications with the government of Rus-sia; and H. Res. 203, a resolution of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Attorney General, to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to certain communications by the President of the United States, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. March 30, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing on H.R. 1689, the ‘‘Private Property Rights Protection Act’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federally Funded Can-cer Research: Coordination and Innovation’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 29, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘WMATA After SafeTrack’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, March 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Climate Science: As-sumptions, Policy Implications, and the Scientific Meth-od’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, March 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Paperwork Reduction Act: Are Burdens Being Reduced?’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. March 30, Subcommittee on Contracting and Work-force, hearing entitled ‘‘SBA’s Entrepreneurial Develop-ment Programs: Resources to Assist Small Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 29, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1346, to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D347 March 27, 2017 the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’; H.R. 1726, the ‘‘Coast Guard Improvement and Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1093, to require the Federal Railroad Administration and the Federal Transit Author-ity to provide appropriate Congressional notice of safety audits conducted with respect to railroads and rail transit agencies; H.R. 1665, to ensure that Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers severe local impact in making a recommendation to the Presi-dent for a major disaster declaration; H.R. 1678, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act concerning the statute of limitations for actions to recover disaster or emergency assistance payments, and for other purposes; H.R. 1679, the ‘‘FEMA Accountability, Modernization and Transparency Act of 2017’’; H. Con. Res. 35, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Me-morial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; H. Con. Res. 36, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; H.R. 455, to designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Court-house’’; and possible other matters cleared for consider-ation, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, March 29, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on draft of the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Med-ical Scribe Pilot Act of 2017’’; H.R. 91, the ‘‘Building Supportive Networks for Women Veterans Act’’; H.R. 95, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act’’; H.R. 467, the ‘‘VA Scheduling Accountability Act’’; H.R. 907, the ‘‘Newborn Care Improvement Act’’; H.R. 918, the ‘‘Vet-erans Urgent Access to Mental Health Care Act’’; H.R. 1005, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; H.R. 1162, the ‘‘No Hero Left Un-treated Act’’; H.R. 1545, to clarify VA’s authority to dis-close certain patient information to State controlled sub-stance monitoring programs; and H.R. 1662, to prohibit smoking in any facility of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration, 8 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD348 March 27, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of T.D. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, post-clo-ture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of S.J. Res. 34— Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to Pro-tecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E390 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E389 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E391 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E389 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E391 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E392 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E391 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E389 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E392, E393 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E389 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E393 Messer, Luke, Ind., E389 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E391 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E393 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E392 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E390 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E392 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E392 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Mar 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27MR7.REC D27MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST