Mr. ROUZER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to make special mention of Pat Bradford, who recently stepped down as publisher and editor of the local paper she founded, the Lumina News. The Lumina News has served as the voice of Wrightsville Beach and its surrounding communities since 2002. This local paper covers a wide range of topics but sets itself apart by covering matters especially important to coastal communities. The Lumina News has consistently been ranked first in its North Carolina Press Association newspaper category. In fact, first in nine new top awards for 2016. With her recent departure from the paper, Pat is focusing her attention on the very successful monthly sister publication which she cofounded, the Wrightsville Beach Magazine. I have had the pleasure of getting to know Pat in the past few years and will certainly miss interacting with her as publisher and editor of the Lumina News. Congratulations to you, Pat, for your continued success in all these endeavors and for your continued contributions to the Wrightsville Beach community and beyond. f 
BERTEL SPIER CELEBRATES HER 107TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Madam Speaker, on Thursday, March 31, 1910, Bertel Spier was born, and tomorrow she will celebrate her 107th birthday. Just imagine what she has seen: two world wars, technological advancements beyond our wildest dreams. When she sees a video on a telephone, she cannot believe it. She has an extraordinary legacy: a loving daughter, four adoring and adorable greatgrandchildren, and three grandsons to whom she is a hero. I am proud to be one of them. My grandma is someone who is a testament to the greatness of this Nation and of the importance of what happens in this building. She immigrated to the U.S. from Holland and was welcomed here and accepted here, built a life here. That is part of the greatness of this Nation. A person born 10 years before women’s suffrage, she proudly voted herself this past November. That is part of the greatness of this Nation. A person who outlived any projected retirement, she has been able to retire and live with dignity because of two of our country’s most successful public policies: Medicare and Social Security. That is part of the greatness of this Nation, too. Madam Speaker, it is such an honor for me to say four of the most extraordinary and almost unbelievable words that I may ever say on this floor: 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING JON RICHARDS (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to celebrate the life of Jon Richards, a Georgia treasure, a brilliant political journalist, a selfless mentor. He passed away this past Sunday after a battle with cancer. Our prayers go out and we grieve for the family and friends of Jon during this difficult time. Madam Speaker, Jon grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio, and later moved to Lawrenceville, Georgia, where he became active in various Gwinnett County civic, social, and political organizations. He was well respected on both sides of the political aisle, serving with endless passion as editorinchief of georgiapol.com. Most notably, however, was his devotion to mentoring high school and college students who were interested in politics, and he left a lasting impression. Madam Speaker, Jon was known by the Gwinnett community as someone who lived life to its fullest and made the most of every day. His leadership was unmatched and cannot be overstated. I am grateful to know that, through Christ, we will be able to meet again. Madam Speaker, I would ask my colleagues to stand and join with me for a moment of silence to honor the life and legacy of Jon Richards, who will be sorely missed by many. 
INVESTIGATING RUSSIA’S INFLUENCE ON OUR ELECTION (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Madam Speaker, Russia’s efforts to influence our election constitutes a direct assault on our democracy. These alarming events must be thoroughly investigated. In particular, we must determine if any Americans collaborated in these attacks and are legally culpable. Sadly, the House Intelligence Committee chairman is either unwilling or incapable of conducting a fair investigation. How can Mr. NUNES run this investigation if he is briefing the President before talking with members of his committee? How can he be secretly meeting with socalled sources at the White House? Madam Speaker, the American people need to know that democracy is intact, and that requires a full, fair, and impartial investigation. Since December, I have repeatedly called for the Department of Justice to appoint a special counsel. I have also cosponsored legislation to create a bipartisan commission to investigate. The bottom line is this: Chairman NUNES has lost all credibility. He must recuse himself. We need a real investigation. Appoint a special counsel now. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FROZEN FOOD MONTH (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize March as National Frozen Food Month. In my district, growers count on our food processors to ensure that their agricultural products make it from farms to kitchen tables. Jobs in agriculture depend on the ability to transport our products to buyers across the country and around the world. In my district, there are over 6,000 jobs in the frozen food industry, ensuring that families across the U.S. can enjoy Washington’s agricultural products. As a farmer and a former State director of agriculture, I understand how important frozen foods are to enable timely delivery and freshness, despite seasonal changes. Freezing reduces food waste and increases safety and affordability. Freezing also allows Americans to have access to the diverse array of food products they enjoy every day. Join me in celebrating National Frozen Food Month and all those who work to ensure that the U.S. has the safest, most reliable, and most affordable food supply in the world. 
ENDING GLOBAL HUNGER WITH RISE AGAINST HUNGER (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, Rise Against Hunger, under the leadership of Rod Brooks, is a charitable organization committed to ending global hunger by 2030. They partner with other charities, faithbased organizations, and corporations to host meal packaging events across the country where volunteers assemble nutritious meals that are sent to over 40 countries. On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to participate in a Rise Against Hunger mealpackaging event sponsored by The Kraft Heinz Company. I joined 100 volunteers to package 7,500 meals that will reach hungry families across the globe. Last year alone, Rise Against Hunger engaged over 387,000 volunteers at over 3,000 events nationwide to assemble over 64 million meals that reached nearly 1.1 million hungry people. I applaud Kraft Heinz and its CEO, Bernardo Hees, for their commitment to packing 1 billion meals over the next 5 years. I appreciate all that Rise Against Hunger does to address chronic malnutrition and alleviate poverty worldwide. Working together, we can end hunger now. f 
RUSSIA’S INTERFERENCE IN OUR DEMOCRATIC PROCESS (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Madam Speaker, I rise today because the American people have the right to know the truth regarding Russia’s interference in our democratic process. I am a member of the House Armed Services Committee, and the message I hear from our military leaders is consistent: Russia is a top threat to the United States and our interests. Russia has not only used its military to destabilize regions around the world, but it has completely undermined and disrupted the democratic values of this country. This is unacceptable. And yet my colleagues from the other side of the aisle refuse to do their job as an oversight body and establish a bipartisan, independent commission to investigate Russia’s egregious behavior. We have a responsibility to be transparent with the American people. I strongly urge my Republican colleagues to not only immediately establish an independent investigation into Russia’s interference in our election, but I also call for the release of President Trump’s tax returns. America’s security and values are on the line. Any treasonous and unlawful relations with Russia cannot be tolerated. 
EPA SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD REFORM ACT OF 2017 Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 233, I call up the bill (H.R. 1431) to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 233, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1431 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ADVICE .—Section 8(a) of the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 
(42 U.S.C. 4365(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘independently’’ after ‘‘Advisory Board which shall’’. (b) MEMBERSHIP .—Section 8(b) of the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 4365(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) The Board shall be composed of at least nine members, one of whom shall be designated Chairman, and shall meet at such times and places as may be designated by the Chairman. ‘‘(2) Each member of the Board shall be qualified by education, training, and experience to evaluate scientific and technical information on matters referred to the Board under this section. The Administrator shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the scientific and technical points of view represented on and the functions to be performed by the Board are fairly balanced among the members of the Board; ‘‘(B) at least ten percent of the membership of the Board are from State, local, or tribal governments; ‘‘(C) persons with substantial and relevant expertise are not excluded from the Board due to affiliation with or representation of entities that may have a potential interest in the Board’s advisory activities, so long as that interest is fully disclosed to the Administrator and the public and appointment to the Board complies with section 208 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(D) in the case of a Board advisory activity on a particular matter involving, or for which the Board has evidence that it may involve, a specific party, no Board member having an interest in the specific party shall participate in that activity; ‘‘(E) Board members may not participate in advisory activities that directly or indirectly involve review or evaluation of their own work, unless fully disclosed to the public and the work has been externally peerreviewed; ‘‘(F) Board members shall be designated as special Government employees; ‘‘(G) no registered lobbyist is appointed to the Board; and ‘‘(H) a Board member shall have no current grants or contracts from the Environmental Protection Agency and shall not apply for a grant or contract for 3 years following the end of that member’s service on the Board. ‘‘(3) The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) solicit public nominations for the Board by publishing a notification in the Federal Register; ‘‘(B) solicit nominations from relevant Federal agencies, including the Departments of Agriculture, Defense, Energy, the Interior, and Health and Human Services; ‘‘(C) solicit nominations from— ‘‘(i) institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))); and ‘‘(ii) scientific and research institutions based in work relevant to that of the Board; ‘‘(D) make public the list of nominees, including the identity of the entities that nominated each, and shall accept public comment on the nominees; ‘‘(E) require that, upon their provisional nomination, nominees shall file a written report disclosing financial relationships and interests, including Environmental Protection Agency grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other financial assistance, that are relevant to the Board’s advisory activities for the threeyear period prior to the date of their nomination, and relevant professional activities and public statements for the fiveyear period prior to the date of their nomination; and ‘‘(F) make such reports public, with the exception of specific dollar amounts, for each member of the Board upon such member’s selection. ‘‘(4) Disclosure of relevant professional activities under paragraph (3)(E) shall include all representational work, expert testimony, and contract work as well as identifying the party for which the work was done. ‘‘(5) Except when specifically prohibited by law, the Agency shall make all conflict of interest waivers granted to members of the Board, member committees, or investigative panels publicly available. ‘‘(6) Any recusal agreement made by a member of the Board, a member committee, or an investigative panel, or any recusal known to the Agency that occurs during the course of a meeting or other work of the Board, member committee, or investigative panel shall promptly be made public by the Administrator. ‘‘(7) The terms of the members of the Board shall be three years and shall be staggered so that the terms of no more than one third of the total membership of the Board shall expire within a single fiscal year. No member shall serve more than two terms over a tenyear period.’’. (c) RECORD .—Section 8(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard assessment,’’ after ‘‘at the time any proposed’’; (B) by striking ‘‘formal’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard assessment,’’ after ‘‘to the Board such proposed’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard assessment,’’ after ‘‘the scientific and technical basis of the proposed’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Board’s advice and comments, including dissenting views of Board members, and the response of the Administrator shall be included in the record with respect to any proposed risk or hazard assessment, criteria document, standard, limitation, or regulation and published in the Federal Register.’’. (d) MEMBER COMMITTEES AND INVESTIGA TIVE PANELS .—Section 8(e)(1)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365(e)(1)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘These member committees and investigative panels— ‘‘(i) shall be constituted and operate in accordance with the provisions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b), in subsection (h), and in subsection (i); ‘‘(ii) do not have authority to make decisions on behalf of the Board; and ‘‘(iii) may not report directly to the Environmental Protection Agency.’’. (e) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Section 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365) is amended by amending subsection (h) to read as follows: ‘‘(h)(1) To facilitate public participation in the advisory activities of the Board, the Administrator and the Board shall make public all reports and relevant scientific information and shall provide materials to the public at the same time as received by members of the Board. ‘‘(2) Prior to conducting major advisory activities, the Board shall hold a public informationgathering session to discuss the state of the science related to the advisory activity. ‘‘(3) Prior to convening a member committee or investigative panel under subsection (e) or requesting scientific advice from the Board, the Administrator shall accept, consider, and address public comments on questions to be asked of the Board. The Board, member committees, and investigative panels shall accept, consider, and address public comments on such questions and shall not accept a question that unduly narrows the scope of an advisory activity. ‘‘(4) The Administrator and the Board shall encourage public comments, including oral comments and discussion during the proceedings, that shall not be limited by an insufficient or arbitrary time restriction. Public comments shall be provided to the Board when received, and shall be published in the Federal Register grouped by common themes. If multiple repetitious comments are received, only one such comment shall be published along with the number of such repetitious comments received. Any report made public by the Board shall include written responses to significant comments, including those that present an alternative hypothesisbased scientific point of view, offered by members of the public to the Board. ‘‘(5) Following Board meetings, the public shall be given 15 calendar days to provide additional comments for consideration by the Board.’’. (f) OPERATIONS .—Section 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365) is further amended by amending subsection (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i)(1) In carrying out its advisory activities, the Board shall strive to avoid making policy determinations or recommendations, and, in the event the Board feels compelled to offer policy advice, shall explicitly distinguish between scientific determinations and policy advice. ‘‘(2) The Board shall clearly communicate uncertainties associated with the scientific advice provided to the Administrator or Congress. ‘‘(3) The Board shall ensure that advice and comments reflect the views of the members and shall encourage dissenting members to make their views known to the public, the Administrator, and Congress. ‘‘(4) The Board shall conduct periodic reviews to ensure that its advisory activities are addressing the most important scientific issues affecting the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(5) The Board shall be fully and timely responsive to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 3. RELATION TO THE FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed as supplanting the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 4. RELATION TO THE ETHICS IN GOVERNMENT ACT OF 1978. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed as supplanting the requirements of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. b0915 
Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1431. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank Chairman SMITH and Environment Subcommittee Chairman BIGGS for their hard work on this important piece of legislation. I also thank my good friend, Representative 
PETERSON for, yet again, working— helping, I should say—to make this bill a bipartisan effort. I appreciate his willingness to sponsor this bill with me. I had the opportunity to speak in favor of this legislation when it passed this House with bipartisan support in the 114th Congress. Now, I come to the floor yet again to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important reform. The SAB Reform Act was a good bill then, and it is a good bill now. This is a policy that is built on the values we should uphold regardless of which side of the political aisle we are on or who happens to be the President. H.R. 1431, the Science Advisory Board Reform Act, ensures the best experts are free to undertake a balanced and open review of regulatory science. The Board was established to provide scientific advice to the EPA and Congress, and to review the quality and relevance of science EPA uses for regulations. But in recent years, shortcomings with the process have arisen. Opportunities for public participation have been limited, potential conflicts of interest have gone unchecked, and the ability of the Board to speak independently has been curtailed. If the administration undermines the Board’s independence or prevents it from providing advice to Congress, the valuable advice these experts can provide is wasted. Despite the existing requirement that the EPA’s advisory panels be fairly balanced in terms of point of view represented, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has identified a number of past problems that have undermined the panel’s credibility and work product. These include a number of advisory members who received money from the EPA. At the very least, this could create the appearance of a conflict of interest. Some of the panelists have taken public and even political positions on issues they are advising about. For example, a lead reviewer of the EPA’s hydraulic fracking study published an antifracking article titled, ‘‘Regulate, Baby, Regulate.’’ Now, this clearly is not an objective viewpoint, and should be publicly disclosed. Public participation is limited during most board meetings. Interested parties have almost no ability to comment on the scope of the work, and meeting records are often incomplete and hard to obtain. This bill is both proscience, and pro sound science. This bill is founded upon recommendations for reform outlined by the National Academy of Sciences, and the EPA’s Peer Review Handbook. This bill ensures that the Board is balanced, transparent, and independent, all of which will help prevent the SAB from being manipulated by any group. H.R. 1431 makes sound science the driving force of the Board, no matter who is the chief executive officer of our government. Perhaps most importantly, this bill seeks to increase public participation that benefits all stakeholders. Currently, valuable opportunities for diverse perspectives are limited. The Federal Government does not have a monopoly on the truth. Ask your constituents back home if they know that. The public has important expertise that can’t afford to be ignored in a democracy. State, local, tribal, and private sectors have a long history of qualified scientific experts. Their contributions should be taken seriously. Unfortunately, the history of the SAB shows that private sector representation is often lacking or simply nonexistent. Instead, in the past, EPA has picked the Board, ignoring the knowledge, experience, and contributions of those experts. This bill ensures that qualified experts are not excluded simply due to their affiliation. This will add value and credibility to future Board reviews. Mr. PETERSON and I recognize the important role science should play in our policy debates and provides safeguards to give the public confidence in science. It restores the independent Science Advisory Board as a defender of scientific integrity. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. Like the bill we considered yesterday, the socalled HONEST Act, H.R. 1431 is designed to harm the Environmental Protection Agency’s ability to use science to make informed decisions. The bill before us today claims to reform the EPA’s Science Advisory Board. And let’s talk about what these reforms would mean. First, the bill establishes a series of roadblocks to prevent independent academic scientists from serving on the Board. It accomplishes this by turning the term ‘‘conflict of interest’’ on its head by excluding scientists who have done the most relevant research on the topic being considered by the Board. The bill also prohibits Science Advisory Board members from obtaining extramural research grants for 3 years after their service on the Board, which would be a major disincentive for scientists to serve on the panel. At the same time that this bill makes it much more difficult for academic researchers to serve on the Science Advisory Board, the bill also makes it much easier for corporate interests to serve. This is accomplished by gutting actual financial conflictof interest restrictions against industry representatives. Under this legislation, those industry representatives would simply have to disclose their financial conflicts, and they could serve on panels directly related to their corporate interests. Finally, H.R. 1431 imposes exhaustive and duplicative noticeandcomment requirements on the Science Advisory Board. I say these requirements are exhaustive because, in addition to being an openended process, the Board would also have to respond in writing to any and all significant comments. In fact, I find it hard to believe that the advisory process created by this bill could ever be completed. Of course, that is the real purpose of this provision. It is designed to throw sand in the gears of the Science Advisory Board process, and prevent board members from ever rendering their expert advice. These additions are totally unnecessary. The Science Advisory Board already has statutorily mandated notice andcomment obligations, and the Federal Advisory Committee Act already applies to their activities. So if this bill passes, what would happen? As an example, I will turn to a case study from the early 1990s. At that time, the EPA was forming a Scientific Advisory Panel to review evidence of harm from secondhand tobacco smoke. Thanks to internal tobacco industry documents that have been made public, we now know that Big Tobacco made a concerted effort to stack the Scientific Advisory Panel with tobacco industry hacks. We take it for granted now that tobacco smoke is dangerous, but at that time, in the early nineties, Big Tobacco had succeeded in muddying the scientific waters around this issue by investing tens of millions of dollars in a coordinated attempt to defraud the American people. If H.R. 1431 had been in effect back then, Big Tobacco likely would have succeeded in coopting the Science Advisory Board. What would the effects have been on public health to have had the EPA’s science review body controlled by tobacco interests? That is why a number of public health and environmental interest groups have come out against H.R. 1431. In a letter penned by the American Lung Association, the American Public Health Association, and several other health groups, the effects of H.R. 1431 are summed up like this: ‘‘In short, EPA’s Science Advisory Board Reform Act would limit the voice of scientists, restrict the ability of the Board to respond to important questions, and increase the influence of industry in shaping EPA policy. This is not the best interest of the American public.’’ I couldn’t agree more. I strongly urge Members to oppose this misguided bill. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, a fellow who has worked very diligently on the committee for many years. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman 
from Oklahoma, Mr. L UCAS , the vice chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for yielding to me, and I would also like to thank him for his leadership on H.R. 1431, the Environmental Protection Agency Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. This bill gives much needed transparency, fairness, and balance to the EPA’s Science Advisory Board. These reforms will strengthen the public’s trust of the science the EPA uses to support its regulations. It also allows more public participation in the EPA science review process, and it requires the SAB to be more responsive to the public and to congressional questions, inquiries, and oversight. Last Congress, similar legislation passed the House with bipartisan support. I appreciate Mr. LUCAS and the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee, Representative PETERSON , for introducing this legislation. Madam Speaker, I support this bill, and recommend it to my colleagues. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act. Madam Speaker, H.R. 1431 is a blatant attempt to cripple the important mission of the EPA by stacking the EPA Science Advisory Board with industry insiders. When Congress established the Science Advisory Board in 1978 to review the scientific data that informs the EPA’s regulatory process, they did that with the requirement that the Board be balanced with representatives from industry and academia. The legislation we are considering today would skew that balance in favor of industry, with the intent of slowing down the EPA’s regulatory process. With a significant respect for the vice chair from Oklahoma, it makes no sense to suggest that the representatives of regulated corporate interests, however expert, can be credibly described as ‘‘defenders of scientific integrity.’’ I am particularly concerned about the double standard mandated by this bill. On the one hand, the bill makes it easier for industry representatives to serve on the Board by only requiring that they disclose their conflicts of interest. There is no recusal requirement for industry insiders, no matter how deep their financial ties may go or how much their industry is regulated by the EPA. But, astonishingly, on the other hand, the same scientists and researchers who received EPA research grants or contracts are automatically disqualified from service. Any scientists or researcher would be precluded from accepting any grant or contract for 3 years after their service. So the scientists who spent their whole career becoming the world’s top experts on a given topic must choose between advising our public health or continuing their research. They can bring their knowledge to the EPA and give up that work or continue. Why oh why would we make it more difficult for the scientists and academic experts to participate in the Science Advisory Board while at the same time making it easier for industry experts to participate? Why would we want less science on the Science Advisory Board? This proposal does nothing to advance science or protect public health. Instead, it creates senseless hurdles, burdensome red tape for the Science Advisory Board, and makes it more difficult to achieve its mission. We need to let scientists and researchers do their jobs by opposing this legislation. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), a member of the Environment Subcommittee of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. b0930 Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, of which I am an original cosponsor. This bill intends not to deny science, but to deny manipulated science. This is a commonsense, goodgovernment piece of legislation that will discourage ideologically based decisions by the Science Advisory Board and set it back on a path of making objective, science based conclusions as originally intended by Congress. Further, this bill would promote accountability within SAB, while also strengthening public participation, ensuring that there is a diverse makeup on its various boards and panels, reinforcing a strong system of peerreview requirements that work toward reducing conflicts of interest, providing ample opportunity for dissenting views by panelists, and, most importantly, requiring conclusions and reasonings be made available to the public. Mr. Speaker, this is a crucial piece of legislation. The rules and regulations coming out of the Environmental Protection Agency have realworld implications on families in my State of Louisiana and, indeed, across the Nation. The current system in place allows for the EPA to set forth ideological, biased, and nonsciencebased rules and regulations. The standards set forth by this bill promote the use of good science and a strong and open system of transparency and peer review. I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1431. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, since President Trump took office, I have heard from hundreds of my constituents who are concerned about attacks by this new administration on the Environmental Protection Agency and the potential, longterm negative impacts on public health, clean water, clean air, and our Nation’s work to play a leading role in combating climate change. Thelma from Lowell wrote: Without EPA and its mission to protect our water and air, I fear that all the work done over the past 40 years will be erased. 
I need to be able to trust that the EPA will protect our air, water, land, and health. But Scott Pruitt has worked so closely with polluters, even suing the EPA more than a dozen times, how can we trust that he will protect our health and safety? 
And demonstrating just how personal an issue this is for many people, Katherine from Acton wrote to me: 
This is my first time writing a congressional Representative, and I am proud to be doing so now, though my motivation is less heartening. As a mother of two precocious young kids, I have little time to do much beyond the essentials of daily living, much less writing a letter, so I assure you this one is written out of a feeling of necessity. 
Environmental pollution is real and in our backyards. It contaminates our air, our water, and our land. Cleanup of these pollutants is extremely difficult, if not impossible, and the implications for our health are astounding. 
Unfortunately, the legislation before us today will do nothing to assuage the fears of my constituents and millions of others around the country who support independent, unbiased, science based decisionmaking at the EPA, which is essential to protecting public health, clean water, and combating climate change. Instead of promoting sound science, this legislation would weaken the scientific expertise of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board, the independent body that reviews scientific and technical information used in EPA decisionmaking and provides scientific advice to the EPA Administrator. If Congress really wants to promote sound science, I would urge consideration of the Scientific Integrity Act, legislation that I introduced along with Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas and Representatives LOWENTHAL and T ONKO . Our bill will protect scientific research at Federal agencies from political interference and special interests. This legislation currently has 93 cosponsors, and it deserves debate in this House. The majority is trying to claim that the legislation before us today helps us achieve goals similar to those of the Scientific Integrity Act, but my constituents aren’t fooled. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1431. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the RECORD the following letters: a letter of support from the Chamber of Commerce of the United States, a letter of support from the American Chemistry Council, a letter 
of support from the National Cotton Council of America, another letter of support from the Chamber of Commerce of the United States, a letter of support from the Independent Petroleum Association of America, a letter of support from the CO2Coalition, and a letter of support from the Cato Institute. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 29, 2017. TO THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  REPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment (HONEST) Act of 2017’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ These bills would improve the transparency and reliability of scientific and technical information that Federal agencies rely heavily upon to support new regulatory actions. The HONEST Act is designed to ensure that the studies and data Federal agencies cite when they write new regulations, standards, guidance, assessments of risk—or take other regulatory action—are clearly identified and available for public review. Additionally, information must be sufficiently transparent to allow study findings to be reproduced and validated. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound, unbiased, and reliable. The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 would help ensure that the Science Advisory Board (SAB), which directly counsels the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on key scientific and technical issues, is unbiased and transparent in performing its duties. The bill would establish requirements that SAB members are qualified experts, that conflicts of interest and sources of bias are disclosed, that the views of members—including dissenting members—are available to the public, and that the public has the opportunity to participate in the advisory activities of the Board and view EPA’s responses. Because EPA relies on SAB reviews and studies to support new regulations, standards, guidance, assessments of risk, and other actions, the actions of the SAB must be transparent and accountable. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound and unbiased. The HONEST Act and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would improve the transparency and trustworthiness of scientific and technical reviews and information that agencies, including EPA, rely on to justify regulatory actions that can significantly affect society. The American public must have confidence that the scientific and technical data driving regulatory action can be trusted. Accordingly, the Chamber supports these important bills. Sincerely, NEILL. B RADLEY , Senior Vice President & Chief Policy Officer, Government Affairs. 
AMERICAN CHEMISTRY COUNCIL , Washington, DC, March 29, 2017. Hon. FRANK LUCAS , House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEAR VICECHAIRMAN LUCAS : On behalf of the American Chemistry Council (ACC), we want to thank you for introducing H.R. 1431 ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017,’’ to help improve the science employed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in the Agency’s regulatory decision making processes. The proposed legislation would increase the transparency and public confidence in the EPA’s peer review panels. The Science Advisory Board Reform Act would improve the peer review process—a critical component of the scientific process used by EPA in their regulatory decisions about potential risks to human health or the environment. The Act would make peer reviewers accountable for responding to public comment, strengthen policies to address conflicts of interest, ensure engagement of a wide range of perspectives of qualified scientific experts in EPA’s scientific peer review panels and increase transparency in peer review reports. We commend you for your leadership and commitment to advance this important issue. We look forward to working with you and other cosponsors for quick passage of H.R. 1431. Sincerely, CALDOOLEY , President and CEO. 
OFAMERICA , Washington, DC, March 27, 2017. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SMITH: On behalf of the National Cotton Council, thank you and your committee for the work on the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 (H.R. 1431) and the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017—HONEST Act (H.R. 1430). We support both of these critically important bills in an effort to return sound science and transparency to the regulatory process that affects our members and all of agriculture. The NCC is the central organization of the United States cotton industry. Its members include growers, ginners, cottonseed processors and merchandizers, merchants, cooperatives, warehousers and textile manufacturers. A majority of the industry is concentrated in 17 cottonproducing states stretching from California to Virginia. U.S. cotton producers cultivate between 9 and 12 million acres of cotton with production averaging 12 to 18 million 480lb bales annually. The downstream manufacturers of cotton apparel and home furnishings are located in virtually every state. Farms and businesses directly involved in the production, distribution and processing of cotton employ more than 125,000 workers and produce direct business revenue of more than $21 billion. Annual cotton production is valued at more than $5.5 billion at the farm gate, the point at which the producer markets the crop. Accounting for the ripple effect of cotton through the broader economy, direct and indirect employment surpasses 280,000 workers with economic activity of almost $100 billion. In addition to the cotton fiber, cottonseed products are used for livestock feed, and cottonseed oil is used as an ingredient in food products as well as being a premium cooking oil. As you know, agriculture struggles with many factors in the production of fiber, food, and fuel, but the regulatory impact and burdens on our industry have greatly increased over the last several years. In addition, we have found ourselves unable to adequately defend and maintain many of our crop protection products and technologies because we are often unable to access the data used by federal government agencies to place additional restrictions on these products and technologies. We believe these two bills— H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431—will greatly improve the transparency of regulatory review process. These two bills will substantially enhance the role of sound science that was intended to be a centerpiece of the regulatory process. We look forward to working with you and your colleagues in Congress to get these bills enacted into law. If you have any questions or need any additional information from us, please have your staff contact Steve Hensley in our office. Sincerely, REECE LANGLEY , Vice President—Washington Operations. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Ranking Member, Committee on Science, Space and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBER JOHNSON : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment (HONEST) Act of 2017’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ These bills would improve the transparency and reliability of scientific and technical information that Federal agencies rely heavily upon to support new regulatory actions. The HONEST Act is designed to ensure that the studies and data Federal agencies cite when they write new regulations, standards, guidance, assessments of risk—or take other regulatory action—are clearly identified and available for public review. Additionally, information must be sufficiently transparent to allow study findings to be reproduced and validated. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound, unbiased, and reliable. The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 would help ensure that the Science Advisory Board (SAB), which directly counsels the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on key scientific and technical issues, is unbiased and transparent in performing its duties. The bill would establish requirements that SAB members are qualified experts, that conflicts of interest and sources of bias are disclosed, that the views of members—including dissenting members—are available to the public, and that the public has the opportunity to participate in the advisory activities of the Board and view EPA’s responses. Because EPA relies on SAB reviews and studies to support new regulations, standards, guidance, assessments of risk, and other actions, the actions of the SAB must be transparent and accountable. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound and unbiased. The HONEST Act and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would improve the transparency and trustworthiness of scientific and technical reviews and information that agencies, including EPA, rely on to justify regulatory actions that can significantly affect society. The American public must have confidence that the scientific and technical data driving regulatory action can be trusted. Accordingly, the Chamber supports these important bills. Sincerely, NEILL. B RADLEY , Senior Vice President & Chief Policy Officer, Government Affairs. 
MARCH 8, 2017. Hon. LAMAR S. S MITH, Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: The American Exploration & Production Council (‘‘AXPC’’) 
and the Independent Petroleum Association of America strongly support the enactment of both the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act and the Honest and Open New EPA ScienceTreatment Act and are most grateful to you and your committee for your efforts in respect of the important objectives set forth in each of these pieces of proposed legislation. AXPC is a national trade association representing 33 of America’s largest and most active independent natural gas and crude oil exploration and production companies, each with considerable experience drilling, operating, and producing oil and natural gas on federal lands. AXPC members are ‘‘independent’’ in that their operations are limited to exploration for and production of oil and natural gas. Moreover, its members operate autonomously, unlike their fully integrated counterparts, which operate in additional segments of the energy business, such as downstream refining and marketing. AXPC members are leaders in developing and applying innovative and advanced technologies necessary to explore for and produce oil and natural gas, both offshore and onshore, from nonconventional sources. IPAA represents the thousands of independent oil and natural gas explorers and producers, as well as the service and supply industries that support their efforts, that will most directly be impacted by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) policy decisions to regulate methane directly from the oil and natural gas sector. Independent producers develop about 95 percent of American oil and natural gas wells, produce 54 percent of American oil, and produce 85 percent of American natural gas. Historically, independent producers have invested over 150 percent of their cash flow back into American oil and natural gas development to find and produce more American energy. IPAA is dedicated to ensuring a strong, viable American oil and natural gas industry, recognizing that an adequate and secure supply of energy is essential to the national economy. The EPA’s Science Advisory Board is a critical link in the EPA’s policy making process and must, therefore, be unbiased and motivated only to seek the best possible policy result based on the best possible, publicly available, verifiable data. Moreover, open, public debate must be encouraged, not discouraged. The goal must be to get the best possible result, which is why the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act should be enacted. Science used to support or as a basis for regulations or other policies should be based on publicly available scientific and technical data so as to allow for and even encourage independent fact finding and analysis. Transparency is critical to this process. The Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act would accomplish this result. AXPC and IPAA urge passage of both of these critical pieces of legislation and stand ready to assist in any way you believe we might be able to add value to this process. Should you have any questions or require additional information contact AXPC or IPAA. Thank you for your good work on these and other issues. Very truly yours, V. BRUCE THOMPSON , President, AXPC. LEEO. F ULLER , Executive Vice President, IPAA. 
CO2 COALITION, Arlington, VA, March 8, 2017. House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE LAMAR SMITH AND  
THECOMMITTEE : The CO2 Coalition supports the purpose and principles of the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ We would, in fact, support such principles applied on a governmentwide basis. The scientific method demands that the results of scientific studies be capable of replication. While it is generally up to individual scientists, journals and the larger scientific community as to how the replication requirement is satisfied, when it comes to science used to set public policy, there can be no doubt that the relevant methods and data must be publicly available for purposes of replication. With respect to the federal government obtaining independent science advice from outside advisors, it goes without saying that advisory panels should not be unduly influenced by members hoping to curry government favor or to advance personal agendas. Panels should be truly independent and unbiased. Clear and enforceable standards will help meet this goal. Sincerely, WILLIAM HAPPER , President, CO2 Coalition. 
CATO, Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. LAMAR S. S MITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives. DEARCONGRESSMAN SMITH: Recently, Committee staff sent me copies of two draft pieces of legislation, the ‘‘HONEST Act’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’. The Cato Institute interprets its taxexempt status as precluding any specific support of adoption (or recommendation of rejection) for pending legislation. However, I can comment on substantive aspects of such legislation. The HONEST Act would require that regulations promulgated by EPA be backed by reproducible and transparent science. In the are of climate change, this will surely provoke a timely inquiry as to whether the climate models that are used to calculate the Social Cost of Carbon, and the justification of subsequent regulations, are indeed ‘‘science’’. I would argue that they are not. A climate model is merely a complicated mathematical statement of multiple hypotheses. These include a prediction of a general warming of surface temperatures, and a greater warming of the tropical troposphere. All subsequent changes in weather regimes—such as rainfall, winter snows, and Atlantic hurricanes derive from the warming and its distribution. As such, a reasonable test of hypothesis would be to examine the performance of these models as carbon dioxide has accumulated in the atmosphere, and during the period in which we have multiple, independent measures of bulk atmospheric global temperatures, which would be from 1979 to the present. As I noted in recent (February 28) testimony, there is a clear systematic failure of these models, with the central estimate of warming generally twice as large as what is being observed as a whole in the troposphere, and as much as seven times larger than what is being observed in the tropical upper troposphere. This, and other recent refereed publications are finally beginning to detail the subjective fashion by which the equilibrium climate sensitivity is being derived, argue that these models do not constitute science in the classical sense. It would be more appropriate to call the field ‘‘climate studies’’. Litigation deriving from the HONEST Act is likely to uncover this problem, with the likelihood that EPA’s 2009 Endangerment Finding, which empowers subsequent regulation of carbon dioxide, should be vacated because of a lack of verifiable science associated with its determination. The other piece of legislation will open up the EPA Science Advisory Board(s) to more institutional diversity and less political selection. I hope you find my comments useful, and stand available to answer any questions or provide any amplifications you may desire. Cordially, PATRICK J. M ICHAELS , Ph.D., Director, Center for the Study of Science. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I would note to the body, part of the challenge that we face here today on this bill is like so many challenges we face as Members of Congress: How do you avoid the shortterm perspective? How do you take the long view? How do you set into motion things that, while they might not, perhaps, give us the great advantage in the shortterm sense that either side of the room would want, in the longterm, they are in the best interest of the body? I would remind my colleagues, the Scientific Advisory Board is appointed by the EPA; the EPA is managed by the Director; the Director is appointed by the President of the United States. If you believe that the work product, if you believe that the rules that have been generated by this in recent years reflect your perspective, I understand that, but nothing is ever static. We have recently had a change of administration. We have a change of direction in the leadership of the EPA. That will be reflected in all the appointments and the actions of the EPA. I implore my colleagues, we need to work in the perspective of what is in the longterm interest; and that long term interest is providing scientific review at the SAB that our fellow citizens have confidence in and that will generate good rules and regulations when they have to be created. Following this course of action advocated in H.R. 1431 will not make my most conservative constituents happy because they want to duplicate what they believe my most liberal constituents have advocated for years, but our goal here is not to empower one or the other side in these perspectives to force their will upon the country. Our responsibility with the SAB is to create a process where we can have confidence in the results and where, when appropriate, the end resulting regulations, the rules that come from it, will be in the best longterm interest of the Nation as a whole. I know there are requirements in here that, if you have taken money as a scientist to do a research project from the EPA, you have to cool off for 3 years. But what is wrong with allowing a little separation between the people who take money to do the studies and then become the judges of other studies in the knowledge that perhaps the people who have done the studies will judge their studies? What is wrong with that? And the public disclosure about allowing people with knowledge and expertise to participate, too, if they have 
a conflict through these disclosures, we will know. I would hope that whoever leads the EPA on whatever day would act in a responsible fashion. I just want, through this bill, to change the system so that the perception is out there that the SAB and the scientific process and the rulemaking that comes from it at EPA are being gained by one perspective or the other because that is in no one’s best interest. I know we live in tough times and challenging times to legislate. I think my colleagues know, in the legislation I have worked on before, that I have always worked across the aisle. I have always worked with every perspective within this body. I have always tried to take that longball perspective. I know it is a challenging time, but think about that as we continue this well meaning, goodspirited, very focused debate. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD correspondence in opposition to this bill: a letter from the American Lung Association, the Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, the American Public Health Association, the National Medical Association, the Health Care Without Harm Association, the Physicians for Social Responsibility, and the American Thoracic Society; along with a letter from the Clean Water Action, Earthjustice, League of Conservation Voters, and Natural Resources Defense Council; as well as a letter from the League of Conservation Voters. 
MARCH 27, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned health and medical organizations are writing to express our opposition to the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 and the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017. Our organizations are dedicated to saving lives and improving public health. Science is the bedrock of sound medical and public health decisionmaking. The best science undergirds everything our organizations do to improve health. Under the Clean Air Act, EPA has long implemented a transparent and open process for seeking advice from the medical and scientific community on standards and measures to meet those standards. Both of these bills would restrict the input of scientific experts in the review of complex issues and add undue industry influence into EPA’s decisionmaking process. As written, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would make unneeded and unproductive changes that would: Restrict the ability of scientists to speak on issues that include their own expertise; Block scientists who receive any EPA grants from serving on the EPA Scientific Advisory Board, despite their having the expertise and conducted relevant research that earned them these highly competitive grants; Prevent the EPA Scientific Advisory Board from making policy recommendations, even though EPA administrators have regularly sought their advice in the past; Add a notice and comment component to all parts of the EPA Scientific Advisory Board actions, a burdensome and unnecessary requirement since their reviews of major issues already include public notice and comment; and Reallocate membership requirements to increase the influence of industry representatives on the scientific advisory panels. In short, EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would limit the voice of scientists, restrict the ability of the Board to respond to important questions, and increase the influence of industry in shaping EPA policy. This is not in the best interest of the American public. We also have concerns with the HONEST Act. This legislation would limit the kinds of scientific data EPA can use as it develops policy to protect the American public from environmental exposures and permit violation of patient confidentiality. If enacted, the legislation would: Allow the EPA administrator to release confidential patient information to third parties, including industry; Bolster industry’s flawed arguments to discredit research that documents the adverse health effects of environmental pollution; and Impose new standards for the publication and distribution of scientific research that go beyond the robust, existing requirements of many scientific journals. Science, developed by the respected men and women scientists at colleges and universities across the United States, has always been the foundation of the nation’s environmental policy. EPA’s sciencebased decision making process has saved lives and led to dramatic improvements in the quality of the air we breathe, the water we drink and the earth we share. All Americans have benefited from the researchbased scientific advice that scientists have provided to EPA. Congress should adopt policy that fortifies our scientists, not bills that undermine the scientific integrity of EPA’s decisionmaking or give polluters a disproportionate voice in EPA’s policysetting process. We strongly urge you to oppose these bills. Sincerely, KATIE HUFFLING , RN, CNM, Director, Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments. HAROLD P. W IMMER , National President and CEO, American Lung Association. GEORGES C. B ENJAMIN , MD, Executive Director, American Public Health Association. STEPHEN C. C RANE , PhD, MPH, Executive Director, American Thoracic Society. CARYSENNETT , MD, PhD, FACP, President & CEO, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America. PAULBOGART , Executive Director, Health Care Without Harm. RICHARD ALLEN WILLIAMS , MD, 117th President, National Medical Association. JEFFCARTER , JD, Executive Director, Physicians for Social Responsibility. 
MARCH 29, 2017. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBERJOHNSON : We are writing to express our strong opposition to the draft legislation, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’ (H.R. 1431). The bill, which would amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978, would hinder the ability of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Science Advisory Board (EPA SAB) to reach timely, independent, objective, credible conclusions that can form the basis of policy. While the bill is not identical to previous versions of this legislation, the bill would still weaken longstanding conflictofinterest considerations for industry scientists while imposing unprecedented and unnecessary limitations on governmentfunded scientists, and complicating the SAB review process, with no discernible benefit to EPA or the public. Our most serious specific concerns with the bill are described below, in the order in which the provisions appear: P.3, lines 1–8, creating Section 8(b)(2)(C) in the underlying Act, promotes inclusion of panelists with financial conflicts, as long as they disclose their conflicts and obtain a waiver. As with previous versions of this legislation, the bill shifts the current presumption against including people with financial conflicts on the SAB. The bill appears to effectively mandate the inclusion of scientists with financial conflicts, as long as the conflicts are disclosed, notwithstanding the reference to one portion of existing ethics law. Disclosure does not eliminate the problems that can occur when someone with a conflict influences policy guidance. Policies and practices to identify and eliminate persons with financial conflicts, interests, and undue biases from independent scientific advisory committees have been implemented by all the federal agencies, the National Academy of Sciences, and international scientific bodies such as the International Agency for Research on Cancer of the World Health Organization. The bill’s provisions are inconsistent with a set of nearly universally accepted scientific principles to eliminate or limit financial conflicts. Following these principles is the way agencies, the public, and Congress should ensure their scientific advice is credible and independent. Moreover, EPA already grants exemptions as needed to allow scientists to participate if their expertise is required despite their potential conflicts. P.3, line 23 to P.4, line 2, creating a Section 8(b)(2)(H) in the underlying Act, establishes an arbitrary and unwarranted bar on nonindustry scientists who are receiving grants or contracts from EPA, or who may do so in the future. This provision would bar participation by any academic or government scientist who is currently receiving a grant or under contract from EPA, and bar any Board member from seeking any grant or contract from EPA for three years after the end of their term on the Board. This arbitrary and unwarranted limitation on current or future recipients of government funding would severely limit the ability of EPA to get the best, most independent scientists on its premier advisory board—as well as any committees or panels of the board—without any evidence that nostrings government funding, such as research grants, constitute a conflict of interest. P.6, lines 1–21, amending Section 8(c) of the underlying act, expands the scope of the SAB’s work, and increases the burden. This provision broadens the scope of documents that must be submitted to the SAB for review to include every risk or hazard assessment proposed by the agency, a dramatic and unnecessary expansion. The expansion 
would provide an expanded platform for the new industrystacked panels envisioned by this bill to challenge proposed actions by EPA, including hazard and risk assessments. P.8, lines 8–23 creating a Section 8(h)(4) in the underlying Act, ensures endless delay, burden and red tape under the guise of ‘‘transparency.’’ This provision would give industry unlimited time to present its arguments to the SAB. Industry representatives already dominate proceedings because of their greater numbers and resources. In addition, the requirement for the SAB to respond in writing to ‘‘significant’’ public comments is vague (e.g., who defines what is ‘‘significant,’’ and how?) and would tie down the SAB with needless and burdensome process. It also misconstrues the nature of both the SAB’s role and the role of public comment in the SAB process. The role of the SAB is to provide its expert advice to the Agency. The role of the public comments during this phase is to provide informative input to the SAB as it deliberates, but the final product of the SAB deliberation is advice from the panel members, not an agency proposal or decision that requires response to public comment. Members of the public, including stakeholders, have multiple opportunities to provide input directly to the agency. In short, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’ would alter the nature of the SAB, which has been largely successful in providing the EPA expert review of key scientific and technical questions and would encourage industry conflicts in the review of scientific materials. It would also pile new and burdensome requirements on the Board, severely hampering its work and effectiveness. The result would be to further stall and undermine important public health, safety and environmental measures. We urge you to abandon plans to advance this legislation. We would be happy to discuss our concerns with you further. Sincerely, CLEAN WATER ACTION . EARTHJUSTICE . LEAGUE OF CONSERVATION  VOTERS (LCV). NATURAL RESOURCES  DEFENSE COUNCIL . 
LEAGUE OF CONSERVATION VOTERS , Washington, DC, March 28, 2017. Re Oppose H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431—Attacks on Science and Public Health. United States House, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national, state, and local priorities. Each year, LCV publishes the National Environmental Scorecard, which details the voting records of members of Congress on environmental legislation. The Scorecard is distributed to LCV members, concerned voters nationwide, and the media. LCV urges you to vote NO on H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431. These two bills are backdoor attempts to undermine the Environmental Protection Agency’s ability to use science in decisionmaking and obstruct the process for developing effective public health safeguards. H.R. 1430, the ‘‘HONEST Act’’, would endanger public health by making it extremely difficult for the EPA to use the best available science. The bill contains favorable exemptions for industry and would restrict the health studies that the EPA is able to use by requiring that data is shared with anyone willing to sign a vague confidentiality agreement. These provisions would severely limit the EPA’s ability to use data that includes studies with confidential health information. These types of studies are the basis for the best research on pollution’s effects on people, but include individual health records that are legally required to remain confidential. H.R. 1430 would cripple the EPA’s ability to develop effective public health safeguards by forcing them to disregard the results of these studies, resulting in less protective standards. H.R. 1431, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’, would undermine the ability of the Science Advisory Board to provide independent, objective, and credible scientific advice to the EPA. This bill would facilitate greater industry influence of the Scientific Advisory Board by weakening conflictofinterest protections while unnecessarily and arbitrarily limiting the participation of subject experts. Additionally, new burdens imposed on the Board and provisions that allow industry to significantly prolong the Board’s scientific review process would delay key public health and environmental protections. These two bills would significantly undermine the EPA’s ability to protect public health and the environment. LCV urges you to REJECT H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431 and will consider including votes on these bills in the 2017 Scorecard. If you need more information, please call my office and ask to speak with a member of our Government Relations team. Sincerely, GENEKARPINSKI , President. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, less science, more pollution—that is, unbelievably, the Republican plan. I want to just refer to what my colleague said. This is not longball time. This is emergency time where we have to deal with a worldwide environmental crisis, and this bill is just the latest attack on clean air and clean water. And as the threat of climate change becomes increasingly clear, Republicans are trying to reverse the progress that we have made to address this global challenge. President Trump proposed gutting the Environmental Protection Agency, and this week he signed an executive order to ignore the effects of climate change, increase drilling on Federal lands, and undo efforts to promote renewable energy. Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress have voted to block environmental protections. Republicans are replacing President Obama’s Clean Power Plan with, essentially, a dirty power plan that will pollute our air and contaminate our water and put our children and our grandchildren at risk. Those actions further confirm Republicans’ place on the wrong side of history. It is time for America to lead, not to ignore reality. We should be investing in clean, jobproducing energy. We should be at the forefront of the fight against climate change. My constituents and most Americans expect to drink clean water and breathe fresh air. They want to protect our planet for future generations. Republicans, today, have it backward. We need more science and less pollution. I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill and resist those attacks on our environment. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), the former chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology’s Subcommittee on Environment. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, have you ever had that deja vu all over again? Haven’t we been doing this one since, what, 2013, 2014? I accept I have been off the committee now for 4 years; yet we are talking past each other. I hear the gentlewoman and some of the others say things. It is a 12page bill. It hasn’t changed that much in the last couple Congresses. How many of us would like to go back to the 2013 inspector general report that basically suggested going this direction because of the conflicts in these advisory committees? b0945 If you really, once again—and this is sort of similar to yesterday’s discussion—if you really care about the environment, then you really care about the data and the information and sort of the ethics and honesty of those who are both reviewing the data and giving you advice. So what happens when the inspector general of the EPA hands you a report and says: These committees, these advisory councils are rife with conflicts? People who are on these advisory boards are making money. Now, accept much of what we do here in Washington, D.C., if not almost all of it, is about the cash, and it is one of the ugly secrets that is not a secret, but we all pretend. It is always about the money. Let’s try something novel. Let’s actually—this was an inspector general’s report under the Obama administration. Why wouldn’t we step up and respect it? It was very simple. Hey, we need some more diversity on these advisory boards. And wouldn’t it be wonderful if we had people advising us on air quality policy in nonattainment areas, or in regional interests that also weren’t selling products, selling reports, making money off data with the EPA? I mean, if it was reversed, if it was some other agency, if this same set of ethical lapses was reversed, I believe the left would be apoplectic. But the fact of the matter is that so many of these individual organizations that are represented on these advisory boards, that are making money from the EPA, even though they are advising in their own behalf, happen to be friends of the left. That makes it okay. The ethical standards are the ethical standards. I have no concept how the left can oppose the concept of structured diversity. Why shouldn’t those of us from the Southwest, where substantial portions 
of my State are Native American, have a voice? Why should we allow people on these advisory committees who, once again, are selling products, selling data, making a living, making money, one step away from the very work they are advising on? It is a 12page bill. It is not that complicated. I will make the argument that it makes our air, our water, the things around us safer, better, healthier, and it makes the way we get there sounder and more ethical, and we remove conflicts that right now taint the very decisions that are coming out of these advisory boards. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me thank the other side for their vigorous defense of this bill. I must say that I am a nurse by profession, and I appreciate the gains we have made for using scientific data to determine what is unhealthy for the people; and it really does disturb me to see these protections being torn apart. It is really unfortunate that we have spent so much time putting these protections of the people in place to see that, in this administration, they will probably fly away. Only the people of this Nation will be the losers, with more healthcare costs when they don’t even want health care; more people not able to get out of dirty areas. I live in the State of Texas where we have seen the detriment of all of the lack of these protections before they came about. Scientists are in science because they believe in the theories that put forth the procedures for us to follow for the safety and protection of human beings. I regret that we are at a point this time in history where we are willing to throw all that away because of allowing the polluting companies to have more to say about policy. I regret that I have to stand against my colleagues that feel so strongly about getting rid of these protections, but I cannot sit idly by without saying that our Nation will not be in better shape when we take away all the protections for the people and their health. Everybody wants clean air and clean food and protections from the damage that a bad environment brings, and all this is is taking away those protections. I ask everyone to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the second set of letters which I referred to earlier. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  HOMEBUILDERS , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SMITH: On behalf of the 140,000 members of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), I am writing to express NAHB’s strong support for the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017 and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. These bills would ensure an open and honest scientific process by allowing the public access to the science that underpins regulations developed by Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and ensuring that scientists advising the EPA on regulatory decisions are not the same scientists receiving EPA grants. It is important for the EPA to use sound science in order to support their rulemakings. Far too often, the EPA relies on science that lacks transparency and reliability to buttress their rulemakings. This is a consequence of the EPA conducting their scientific review of rulemakings behind closed doors. The EPA frequently ignores scientific integrity by limiting public participation, excluding state and private sector expertise, and pushing a specific agenda by appointing scientists who are biased. In some cases, scientists that have been appointed to review proposed regulations have received EPA grants which the EPA disregards as a conflict of interest. The EPA should not be able to create costly regulations without being transparent, fair and open to public input when considering the science behind a rulemaking. However, the EPA has sacrificed the integrity of the rulemaking process by using biased science to push their agenda. It is important to address these shortcomings so that future rules can be transparent and honest. For these reasons, NAHB urges the House Science, Space and Technology Committee to support the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017 and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017, in order to bring transparency and integrity to the regulatory process. Thank you for giving consideration to our views. Sincerely, JAMES W. T OBIN III, Executive Vice President & Chief Lobbyist, Government Affairs and Communications Group. 
SMALL BUSINESS & ENTRENEURSHIP COUNSEL , Vienna, VA, March 7, 2017. Hon. FRANK LUCAS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Science, Space and Technology Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SMITH AND REPRESENTA TIVE LUCAS : On behalf of the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) and its more than 100,000 members nationwide, I am pleased to voice our strong support for the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ This important legislation reforms the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) Science Advisory Board (SAB) and its subpanels by strengthening public participation, improving the process for selecting expert advisors, expanding transparency requirements by board members, opening the board’s research to public review, and limiting nonscientific policy advice. The reforms proposed by the legislation are especially critical given the growing impact of EPA’s regulations on America’s small business sector, the controversial science used as the basis to advance certain rulemakings, and the need to ensure that sound science is guiding EPA actions. Balance, independence and transparency are critical to EPA’s scientific advisory process. The bill addresses key concerns with the SAB, such as placing limitations on its members who receive environmental research grants, applying conflict of interest standards, and ensuring balanced representation on the board’s membership. These are sensible reforms that will strengthen the SAB’s integrity and work, and by extension EPA’s regulatory process. SBE Council supports solutions that improve the regulatory system to ensure the voice of small businesses and entrepreneurs is heard and considered, that they operate and compete under rational rules, and transparency throughout the regulatory process. The ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’ is an important legislative initiative that brings fairness, transparency and objectivity to the SAB and EPA rulemakings. Please let SBE Council know how we can further support your efforts to advance this important legislation into law. Thank you for your leadership, and support of America’s small business and entrepreneurial sector. Sincerely, KAREN KERRIGAN , President & CEO. 
NATIONAL STONE , SAND& GRAVEL ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA. The National Stone Sand and Gravel Association supports both The Honest and Open New Science Treatment Act of 2017 (HONEST Act) and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. Both acts go a long way towards addressing many of the current issues our industry has with regulatory science, and we encourage the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to mark up both pieces of legislation. Our association represents 100,000 jobs across the United States. The regulatory burden on our workforce dramatically impacts our ability to provide costeffective materials for America’s roads, runways, bridges and ports. Our members pride themselves on their commitment to environmental stewardship and are heavily involved in sustainability and reclamation in their communities. Federal regulations must balance industry’s voice and environmental and health concerns. Unfortunately, we often see problems in the scientific underpinnings of regulations when agencies select studies that are neither public nor reproducible as the basis of new rules. This practice chips away at the credibility of any regulatory action and makes it difficult for industries to respect the regulatory process. Our members have the right to comment on regulations and it is not reasonable to ask hard working men and women of any industry to trust that an agency has selected good science without if an agency is not being transparent. Stakeholder input in the regulatory process is required under federal law and valuable for the justification and the implementation of rules. NSSGA stands ready to work with Congress to ensure that industry, states and the scientific community can work together openly and honestly to create regulations. Sincerely, MICHAEL W. J OHNSON , President and CEO, National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association. 
PORTLAND CEMENT ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, March 7, 2017. Chairman LAMAR SMITH, The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBERBERNICE JOHNSON : The Portland Cement 
Association (PCA) supports the EPA Science Advisory Board (SAB) Reform Act of 2017 and the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act (HONEST Act) of 2017. PCA is the premier policy, research, education, and market intelligence organization serving America’s cement manufacturers. PCA members represent 92 percent of U.S. cement production capacity and have facilities in all 50 states. The Association promotes safety, sustainability, and innovation in all aspects of construction, fosters continuous improvement in cement manufacturing and distribution, and generally promotes economic growth and sound infrastructure investment. PCA supports these bills because they would improve fairness and transparency in the regulatory process, while promoting use of the best available science. As you know, SAB reform is needed to update and strengthen the scientific foundation of EPA’s regulatory decisions. The SAB Reform Act would improve the Science Advisory Board by ensuring balance among its members and providing better public access to scientific information and data. SAB reform is an important step toward improving EPA’s regulatory process, public access to information, and transparency. The HONEST Act would similarly improve transparency and access to information. Scientists reviewing agency studies and rulemakings need a fair chance to evaluate and validate the studies EPA relies on in the rulemaking process. The HONEST Act protects the sensitive and confidential information often covered by confidentiality agreements, while allowing EPA to make critical information available for public comment and access. The HONEST Act follows the data access requirements of many scientific journals. This level of transparency and potential for peer review are critical to improving regulatory decisions. PCA supports the Committees’ efforts to improve accountability, public access, and better science in the EPA rulemaking process. Please feel free to contact Rachel Derby, PCA’s Vice President of Government Affairs, for further information on this matter. Sincerely, A. TODDJOHNSTON , Executive Vice President, Government Affairs. 
AMERICAN FARM BUREAU FEDERATION , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chair, House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. Hon. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Ranking Member, House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBER JOHNSON : Later this week, the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee will consider legislation to provide for Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) member qualifications and public participation. The American Farm Bureau strongly supports this legislation and pledges our commitment to work with the committee in pressing for its swift consideration. This legislation is a priority because it reforms the SAB process by strengthening public participation, improving the process of selecting expert advisors, and expanding the overall transparency of the SAB. While the SAB should be a critical part of the scientific foundation of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) regulatory process, EPA has systematically used its authority to silence dissenting scientific experts. Rather than promote fairness, transparency and independence to ensure unbiased scientific advice, EPA routinely has ignored its own Peer Review Handbook and silenced dissenting voices on expert panels. This legislation seeks to reinforce the SAB process as a tool that can help policymakers with complex issues while preventing EPA from muzzling impartial scientific advice. This legislation deserves strong, bipartisan support. We applaud your leadership in this effort and will work with you to ensure passage. Sincerely, ZIPPY DUVALL , President. 
MARCH 9, 2017. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: We are writing to express our strong support for H.R. 1430, the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017’’ (HONEST Act), and H.R. 1431, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ For too long now, the Environmental Protection Agency has hidden key scientific data from the public and corrupted its own boards of outside science advisors. This subversion of science and the regulatory process has produced costly, jobkilling regulations of dubioustono merit to public health and the environment. We welcome these bills in the names of transparent government, and unbiased and balanced peer review. Sincerely, CRAIG RICHARDSON , President, Energy & Environment Action Team (E&E Action). AMYOLIVER COOKE , Executive vice president, Independence Institute. KATHLEEN SGAMMA , President, Western Energy Alliance. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, I reiterate to my colleagues, this is a situation where the goal really is not to empower one perspective or one faction over another. The goal, ultimately, of this bill—and, yes, this did come out of the inspector general’s report, the initial work and effort. The goal of the bill is to add transparency, accountability. The goal of the bill is to increase the American people’s confidence in the work product that is then used by the EPA to craft the rules and regulations that impact every life in this country on a daily basis. Whatever your perspective may be, remember, the pendulum in this great Nation, when it comes to the executive branch, in my time, every 8 years, has swung back and forth. Just because at the present moment or the past moment you think you got your perspective’s way, or if perhaps you think with the pendulum swing now you will get your perspective’s way, that is not what the focus should be here. I would also remind my colleagues, in my 23 years, I have served in the minority soon to be for 4
1⁄2years, I have served in the majority. I have served in the majority. So when I step up to you and say we can do better, we can enhance the quality of information, we can do it in a way that the American people have more confidence in ultimately what goes on, and we can do it in a way that makes it more difficult for anyone to hijack the process, I say that sincerely. There is nothing wrong with full disclosure for everyone who can add to the process, who should be available for consideration. There is nothing wrong with a financial coolingoff between benefiting from the studies and analyzing someone else’s studies. There is nothing wrong with this. But if you stay with the status quo, this Board and this Agency are in change. Get ready for 8 years of a dramatically different way of doing things. Now, maybe you are so confident that the pendulum will swing back again that you are willing to accept that. But as for me, I want to stay between the lines. I want to focus in ways that, for the long term, represent the best interests of this great country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1431. I ask my colleagues to think about 10 or 20 years down the road. I ask my colleagues to put the longterm best interests of their constituents first. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 and urge my colleagues to vote in support. The Science Advisory Board’s work is important to making sure the EPA considers all scientific information when writing regulations that will impact American farmers, families and small businesses. Unfortunately, concerns have been raised about the current review process. This legislation addresses those concerns and builds on the work done in the 2014 Farm Bill to create an agriculture committee under the Science Advisory Board. This bill is necessary to ensure the EPA takes into account the best information possible with input from public and independent stakeholders. H.R. 1431 will ensure a balanced and independent Science Advisory Board and will help alleviate some of the unintended consequences surrounding EPA regulations. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 233, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. FOSTER. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Foster moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1431 to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to 
report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendments: Page 5, line 4, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 5, line 9, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 5, after line 9, insert the following: ‘‘(I) a Board member, during that member’s term of service on the Board and for a period of 3 years following the end of that member’s service on the Board, shall not be employed with any corporate or other entity which has interests before the Board. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. This amendment is a commonsense and logical addition to this bill. It will help ensure that members of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board will act in the best interests of the American people and our environment. I think that we can all agree that, now more than ever, we need integrity in government. And this amendment would simply prohibit any member of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board from being employed by any entity, corporate or otherwise, which has interests before the Board. This prohibition would be in place during the member’s time on the Board and would extend for 3 years after they leave the Board. My Republican colleagues have taken up this bill with the stated intent of protecting the scientific integrity of the EPA, and this amendment will go a long way to making sure that they keep their word. The underlying bill also includes a similar prohibition on board members applying for a grant or contract from the EPA during their service or for 3 years after. And as the chairman just said, there is nothing wrong with a financial coolingoff period. However, the authors of this bill are apparently concerned that members of the Board would be tempted to favor environmental concerns in the hopes of getting an EPA grant. Therefore, it also stands to reason that they should worry equally about a board member tilting the scales in favor of a specific industry in return for future financial compensation or career advancement, the classic revolving door problem. So what this motion to recommit does is something that I think we all should be able to agree is a good thing. We have seen too many people in the President’s Cabinet who appear to have connections too close to the big interests they regulate rather than the interests of the American people. This amendment would ensure that no one can unduly personally profit from their time at the EPA, and that members are there to represent the interests of the American people and our environment rather than their own self interests. Finally, I would like to close by bringing up a more general question of why we seem to be having variations on this repetitive theme of whether or not we can pollute our way out of the structural and economic challenges that our country faces. Mr. Speaker, you and your party have been very successful at selling yourselves and your supporters on the idea that if we can just, once again, dump unlimited pollutants into our rivers and streams, into our groundwater, our food, air, lungs, our bloodstreams and those of our children, then everything will be great again in America. This week, we saw our President surrounded by earnest and hopeful young coal miners as he gutted environmental regulations and promised them that all their jobs were coming back. And then we have seen interviews on TV with desperate families in Appalachia using up their life savings to pay for training for underground coal jobs that they have been told will be coming back now that Donald Trump is President. Then we have seen interviews with coal executives quietly pointing out that those jobs will not come back; that it was machines and fundamental economic forces that took those jobs in coal country. The story is the same in oil country, where even as oil production has rebounded, the jobs and wages have not come back because of automation, the same way that machines took the jobs in rural America, manufacturing America, and increasingly middle class, whitecollar America. b1000 So until we realize that we are all in this together and that a fundamental restructuring of our economy is needed rather than a mindless retraction of the protections on environmental quality on the land that we will pass on to our children, then I am afraid that we are destined to repeat this infinite loop of marginally productive debate. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. I claim the time in opposition to the motion, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I look at this language—and I am a farmer by trade; I am not an attorney; I will confess that—but the phrase ‘‘or other entity’’ seems to be a very broad concept. How will that affect people who work for research foundations at institutions of higher education? How will that affect entities, people who are part of so called think tanks in places like Washington, D.C.? I personally believe the language is intended more to simply turn the bill inside out. On that basis, I would ask my colleagues to reject the motion to recommit with instructions and to pass the underlying bill. But I go one step further, and I offer this in the most sincerest of ways: if you look at the discussion today and if you look at the discussion that has gone on for some time on these issues, it is almost as though there are those with certain perspectives who are trying to force their will—their perspective of what is right and wrong scientifically or economically or socially—on the rest of the country, on the rest of us, and, for that matter, on the rest of the world. That is why I am the author of this bill. No one entity should have the power by manipulating the bureaucratic process or the rulemaking process to enforce their definitions of everything on the rest of us. We have both the right and the responsibility to judge this information and to make decisions about what is in our enlightened selfinterest, as the old economist would say, or in the best interest of the country or of society as a whole. That is why I want all of us—the great American people—to have access and some certainty about the people and the process that are driving everything in our world. Reject the motion, pass the bill, create greater transparency, incorporate more input, and when it is necessary to have rules and regulations, generate good rules and regulations so that we all have a chance to prosper and to live up to our potential in this country. Don’t let the tyranny of the idealistic—whatever perspective they may have—drive us all into despair and destruction. With that, I respectfully ask my colleagues to reject this motion and pass the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 189, nays 233, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
b1029 Messrs. FLORES, CRAWFORD, GROTHMAN, Ms. GRANGER, and Mrs. BLACKBURN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mses. BLUNT ROCHESTER, JACKSON LEE, Messrs. HIGGINS of New York, and LANGEVIN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. (By unanimous consent, Mr. SESSIONS  was allowed to speak out of order.) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES RE GARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H .R. 1343, 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Rules Committee issued announcements outlining the amendment processes for two measures likely to come before the Rules Committee next week. An amendment deadline has been set for Monday, April 3, at 10 a.m., for the following measures: H.R. 1343, Encouraging Employee Ownership Act; and H.R. 1219, Supporting America’s Innovators Act. The text of these measures is available on the Rules Committee website. Feel free to contact me or my staff if anyone has any questions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 229, noes 193, not voting 7, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1040 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall votes 207 and 208 I was unable to vote due to obligations in my congressional district. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 207, the Motion to Recommit, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollca11 208, related to H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017, which would ensure EPA administrator and the Science Advisory Board make public all reports and relevant scientific information at the same time they are received by members of the Science Advisory Board. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on March 30, 2017, on rollcall No. 207 on motion to recommit with instructions, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ On rollcall No. 208 on final passage of H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 203, 204, 205, 206, 207, and 208. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on votes 205 and 207. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on votes 203, 204, 206, and 208. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), my friend. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday the House will meet at noon for morninghour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. In addition, the House will consider several bipartisan measures from the Committee on Financial Services that will create jobs and support American entrepreneurship. First, H.R. 1343, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act, sponsored by Representative RANDY  HULTGREN , which will open up more opportunities for employees to share a stake in the companies they work for every day. Next, H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act, sponsored by Chief Deputy Whip PATRICK  MCHENRY . This bill will increase access to capital for America’s small businesses and startups and ensure our entrepreneurs have the best chance to succeed. Mr. MCHENRY ’s bill is also a key component of our Innovation Initiative in the House, which aims to accelerate private sector innovation and leverage more innovation in government. Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible, and I will relay scheduling information to Members if any items are added. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for that information. As the majority leader knows, after today we will have 8 legislative days left before the CR runs out on April 28. We will be gone, as the gentleman knows, for 2 weeks, or a few more days than that, for the Easter break. We have not enacted any appropriation bills except for the MILCON–VA and the Defense Appropriation bill we passed through this House in a bipartisan vote and that is pending in the Senate. b1045 Given the limited number of days in session before April 28, we are going to require relatively quick action if we are to fund the government for the balance of the year past April 28. Mr. Leader, can you tell me—because no appropriation bill or CR or omnibus was on the schedule for next week, can the gentleman tell me when he expects some form of continuing to authorize expenditures for the balance of the year between now and September 30 will occur? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Discussions are ongoing about the appropriations process and how to ensure the government is funded after April 28. I thank my good friend from Maryland for being a good faith negotiating partner in this effort. I do not currently anticipate floor action next week. But as always, I will advise Members as soon as possible when action is scheduled in the House. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those comments. Does the gentleman contemplate the possibility of a shortterm CR being necessary? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding again. I was encouraged by the bipartisan agreements we reached on the MILCON/VA bill and the defense appropriations bill. As you know, together, these two bills make up roughly one half of our total discretionary spending. However, I was disappointed to hear that Democrats have apparently walked away from the negotiating table on further bipartisan agreements like these. Personally, I was disappointed to hear rumors that Democrats are hoping for a government shutdown. The New York Times is reporting that, ‘‘as a minority party struggling to show resistance in the era of President Trump’’—Democrats—‘‘are now ready to let the lights of government go dark.’’ I sincerely hope these rumors and reports are not true. I know the gentleman disagrees with ever having a government shutdown. As I mentioned, discussions are ongoing about how to ensure the government is funded after April 28. I want everybody to know that my door is always open, especially to you, my friend from Maryland, and any other House 
colleague who wants to play a constructive role in the process. I firmly believe the government will not shut down. It will be funded as we continue further. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information and comments. Frankly, I want to tell the majority leader, honestly, nobody on my side, maybe someplace else, but nobody on my side is wanting to shut down the government. We don’t want to shut down the government. Of course, I will remind my friend, the majority leader—and I appreciate his comments about our cooperation and ability to work together—the only way the government has been kept open over the last 5 years has been with Democratic votes. My friend didn’t have 218 votes on his side of the aisle that would do that. So I think that belies the fact that we want to shut down the government. I would assure my friend that that is neither our intent or desire. As a matter of fact, we want to work quickly to avoid that happening. That is not good for, obviously, the American people, it is not good for managers trying to plan on how to deliver services, and it is certainly not good for our Federal employees. So I would want to work with you to make sure that doesn’t happen. As we have in the past, we will be prepared to provide votes, as we have every time, to ensure that that does not happen. Let me ask my friend, as we work towards the end of not shutting down government and passing, hopefully, an omnibus which will complete the 2017 appropriations process and fund the government through September 30, let me ask him—he was quoting some information. I have a quote for him as well. I know he would be disappointed if I didn’t have a quote. This is not nearly as difficult as some of the others, however. It says: 
House Republicans are considering making another run next week at the passing of the healthcare bill that they abruptly pulled from the floor in a setback to their efforts to repeal ObamaCare. Two Republican lawyers say the leaders are discussing holding a vote, even staying into next weekend, if necessary, but it is unclear what changes would be made to the GOP’s healthcare bill . . . 
That was in Bloomberg News on March 29. Does the majority leader have any information or expectation that we would be considering another bill seeking to repeal the Affordable Care Act next week? I know the majority leader didn’t announce that for next week, and I know on Thursday we will break for the Easter break. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman does know, from the widespread disagreement, that ObamaCare is failing. He disagrees with that, but the majority of Americans agree that it is collapsing and that we have to solve this problem. As of today, I do not have anything scheduled for next week. But as we continue discussions with our Members as we move forward, I anticipate in the future that we would have that vote. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. If I hear what the gentleman just said, my interpretation is that we don’t expect anything next week, but that does not mean that we don’t expect something in the future. Is that a correct reading of it? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. That is correct. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 2017, TO MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2017 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, April 3, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
CONGRATULATING PENN STATE WRESTLING NATIONAL CHAMPS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Penn State men’s wrestling team for winning the NCAA Division I National Championship earlier this month in St. Louis, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, Penn State has been a force to be reckoned with in Division I wrestling. This is Penn State’s sixth title in 7 years. It is the second consecutive national title. I could not be more proud of my alma mater or this team that gave us a season to remember. Many college athletes dream about participating at the NCAA championships. It marks the pinnacle of their athletic careers. Among the Nittany Lion national champions, AllAmericans Bo Nickal, Jason Nolf, and Zain Retherford combined for a total of 82.5 points, which would have placed the trio sixth overall in the final team standings. Penn State also made history with AllAmericans true freshman Mark Hall and redshirt freshman Vincenzo Joseph earning their first titles to become the first freshmen NCAA champions in program history. Congratulations to Coach Sanderson and the Nittany Lions on this outstanding achievement. Your hard work and dedication shows, and you are the pride of Happy Valley. SUPPORTING PLANNED PARENTHOOD (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my unwavering support for Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood is America’s most trusted provider of reproductive health care. One in five American women has chosen Planned Parenthood for health care at least one time in her life. The heart of Planned Parenthood is in our local and rural communities. These healthcare centers provide a wide range of safe, reliable health care; and the majority is preventive care, which helps prevent unintended pregnancies through contraception, reduce the spread of sexually transmitted infections through testing and treatment, and screen for cervical and other cancers. In my district, Planned Parenthood was instrumental in providing the following services to over 50,000 constituents in 2016, including: 23,215 pregnancy tests and counseling; 5,798 breast exams; and 5,052 pap smears. This is the end of Women’s History Month. That is why I am here today to stand with Planned Parenthood, and I will continue to fight. 
NATIONAL VIETNAM WAR VETERANS DAY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week was the firstever celebration of National Vietnam War Veterans Day. Over 40 years ago, after the last remaining Vietnam veterans returned home, many faced poor treatment from the country they were fighting to protect. These brave men and women are getting the welcome home finally that they deserve. Earlier this week, the U.S. Senate introduced a bill that was passed, which introduced the Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act, which unanimously passed both the House and Senate, and President Trump signed it into law earlier this week. I was proud to join my colleagues in supporting this bill. The overwhelmingly bipartisan support is proof that finally the perception of Vietnam veterans has shifted over the years as folks begin to better understand the sacrifices they have made. Over 9 million Americans served in the military during the Vietnam war, and over 2.7 million actually served in Vietnam. I personally know many who came from my district and now live in northern California. Over the course of the war, the United States of America suffered 
58,000 casualties, with hundreds of thousands more wounded and disabled. We need to remember the sacrifice they made, whether it was from Agent Orange or disabilities, or even the 22 veterans we lose each day to suicide. We welcome home the Vietnam veterans. I am glad we could have this recognition for them. 
INVESTIGATE RUSSIA’S INFLUENCE (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the Russian cloud over this White House and over our democracy is darkening. I rise today to call on this body to come together to create a bipartisan, independent commission to investigate the full extent of Russia’s influence on the Trump administration and our democracy. Mr. Putin wants to weaken America and our allies, and he views democracy and human rights as obstacles to Russia’s reemergence as a global power. After Russia maliciously hacked emails and distributed false information to influence our elections for their favorite candidate, they have turned their eye to Germany and France. They want to sow disunity and weakness among Western democracies and undermine the transatlantic alliance. Mr. Speaker, we must know the full truth of the Trump administration’s ties to Putin and the Kremlin. There are too many unanswered questions about financial ties, personal ties, and political ties. Every new tie we discover is followed by another distorted fact from the administration. The American people are demanding answers now. This House cannot become an accomplice to the administration’s desperate efforts to divert attention from this investigation. An independent commission is now the only way to find out what happened and ensure it never happens again. Mr. Speaker, we must follow the facts. We can’t let ourselves be attacked this way ever again. 
RECOGNIZING GRANDVIEW HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Grandview High School girls basketball team from Aurora, Colorado. The Wolves triumphed in their 61–32 victory over Lakewood High School in the Colorado 5A State Championship. Grandview finished the season with an impressive 27–1 record and celebrated the culmination of their season with the first girls basketball State championship win for their school. Senior Michaela Onyenwere walked off the court with a gamehigh of 25 points and 8 rebounds. During the championship game, the Grandview Wolves proved that with hard work, dedication, and perseverance anything is possible. The team was led to the championship title through the committed leadership of their coach, Josh Ulitzky, and his commendable staff. Again, congratulations to the Grandview High School girls basketball team on their continued success and for their victory in the Colorado 5A State Championship. f 
b1100 ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, addressing climate change is one of the most important longterm challenges for our future. But this week’s executive order from President Trump reverses recent progress and will worsen this slowburning crisis. The order undercuts the Clean Power Plan, weakens restrictions on emissions, and expands Federal coal mining leases. It undermines the success of the Paris Agreement and damages our relations with the signatories, including China and India. At the same time, the order makes it harder for our government and military to plan for the already occurring consequences of climate change—including assessing its impact on national security policy. That is why today I am introducing the CLIMATE Act to prevent the irresponsible executive order from being implemented. Whether the Trump administration recognizes it or not, the international community understands climate change is real and is rapidly embracing a renewable energy future. The administration’s decision to move our energy policy backwards only weakens the United States’ global leadership role, making it more likely that green energy jobs of tomorrow will be created elsewhere. We must come together to support policies that grow clean energy jobs in the United States and ensure we pass on a healthier planet to the next generation. 
COMBATING ANTISEMITISM (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1730, the Combating AntiSemitism Act of 2017. I am proud to introduce this important legislation with my colleague from the other side of the aisle, Representative DEREK KILMER from Washington. Since this January, we have seen a wave of disturbing violence and threats towards religious institutions across America. In 2017 alone, more than 100 bomb threats have been made at 81 Jewish Community Centers across our Nation in 33 States. Tennessee, the State I call home, is also on that list. It is time that we send a clear message: religious intolerance has no place in this country. The Combating AntiSemitism Act of 2017 would increase the penalty for these violent threats and make them punishable as hate crimes under Federal law. We have a moral duty and responsibility to protect the rights of all Americans to worship freely and without fear, whether at a church, a synagogue, or any religious institution. With this bill, we will deter threats and stand united against religious intolerance. f 
HONORING BARB LUTZ (Ms. CHENEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Barb Lutz. Barb has spent her entire adult life faithfully serving our military as a Federal civil service employee, primarily at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne, as well as in Europe. Barb has held numerous positions at the base and is currently the executive assistant to the commander of the 20th Air Force and Task Force 214 at F.E. Warren. She is responsible for providing the commander and vice commander with executive support, as well as serving as protocol specialist for the headquarters staff. After a distinguished 43year career, Barb is retiring this week. When Barb’s current and former coworkers at F.E. Warren reached out to me about recognizing her, General Cotton best summed up how her colleagues feel about her when he said: ‘‘We all know Barb is a national treasure.’’ I want to thank Barb for all she has done for Wyoming and for the country over her 43year career, and I wish Barb and her family the best in retirement. 
TOPICS OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives and to once again continue this dialogue that we have with you, all of our Members and staff and the American people. To initiate this dialogue, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ) of the Eighth Congressional District, born in Green Bay. 
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, every time I have the privilege of addressing this body, I am reminded of 
how lucky we all are to live in a country where I am free to speak my mind without fear of retribution or retaliation. It is one of the great privileges of being an American. Yet for far too many around the world, freedom of conscience is still a distant dream. Nowhere is this more apparent than in Russia, where Vladimir Putin’s thuggish regime has poisoned the promise of the postSoviet era and day by day has slid Russia back into the dark shadows of autocracy. Just last Sunday, thousands of Russians took to the streets and squares in protest of the Kremlin’s corruption. And in return, Russian police arrested hundreds of protesters, including Vladimir Putin’s political challenger, Alexei Navalny. But the Putin regime’s barbarity isn’t just a polite policy difference. Russians of exceptional courage are dying, including as recently as last week, as the regime cultivates an atmosphere of fear and intimidation. Vladimir Putin’s campaign of murder is not limited to domestic political opponents. Like all dictators, Putin seeks to rally his nation’s support by channeling public fear and anger against external enemies. Time and again, first in Georgia, then in Ukraine, and now in Syria, Vladimir Putin has warned us exactly who he is. As recent as last night, the commander of CENTCOM announced that Russia is likely providing support to the Taliban in Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I am afraid we have exhausted our warnings. Russian aggression, if left unchecked, may soon cross a line past which there is no return. You see, what Vladimir Putin wants is fundamentally at odds with American interests. After the Second World War, America laid the foundation for a new and better world, drawn together by common values and forged from the fires of war. We did this not just because we are a generous people but because we are a wise people. Farsighted American statesmen realized that creating the architecture for peace in Europe was a far better investment than returning to isolationism and then one day having to pay the butcher’s bill, as we did twice during the first half of the 20th century. As Europe is changing, Vladimir Putin dreams of restoring the Soviet Union’s prestige and power, and his ultimate goal is clear: the end of the postwarAmerican project in Europe and the return of power politics unencumbered by the rules of the road that we established to our benefit in concert with our allies. And so the stakes, in my mind, could not be any higher. If we do not stand up to Putin now, his aggression will continue until one day he goes too far. On that day, we may face an unimaginable choice between war or the destruction of the NATO alliance. And whichever we choose, we will have lost. Despite Putin telling us exactly who he is, I have heard some say we should try to work with Russia to find areas of common ground. Yet we have seen firsthand how the last administration’s reset has not led to better relations but to a tide of Russian aggression. I do not believe Putin desires war with the United States. What he desires is the fruits of conquest without the cost. He holds the cards of a bluffer, and he is gradually raising the stakes in an effort to get us to fold. Fortunately, it is the U.S., not Russia, who holds the stronger hand. We cannot, and we must not, give Putin the acquiescence he requires to succeed in his plot to overturn the world we created. When it comes to Russia’s interference in our elections, we must put the country and the sanctity of our democracy far above partisan interests. For any American to collaborate against our own government with a government that seeks to undermine our country would, indeed, be nothing short of treasonous. But I call on my Democrat friends to resist the urge to treat this critical issue as nothing more than an opportunity to score political points. And I call on my fellow Republicans to unwaveringly pursue investigations into efforts by Vladimir Putin to undermine our democracy, wherever they may lead. I will close with this, Mr. Speaker. In our twilight struggle against the clouds of dictatorship, we must maintain what the former Soviet dissident Natan Sharansky calls moral clarity. Sharansky contrasts free societies with fear societies, where citizens live in perpetual unease. While even free societies are not perfect, they must never play into the hands of fear society propagandists who assert the dubious sense of moral relativism. After all of these years, we are still Ronald Reagan’s America—a light on a hill shining brightly as a beacon for all mankind. There is no moral equivalence between the United States and any society based upon fear, let alone Vladimir Putin’s Russia. American exceptionalism remains buried deep in all our bones. We are not just a free society; we are the model free society. Our values and our deeds will endure long after each of us in this Chamber is gone. Mr. Speaker, the conflict before us is a simple one: we cannot fall prey to false equivalencies or fail to recognize our adversaries for who they are. Let us steel ourselves today in this Chamber and rise to stop Mr. Putin’s aggression in its tracks, both against our own Nation and against those who have proven themselves to be our closest friends and allies. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his statement here and for bringing up the topic of American exceptionalism and bringing us back through some of this history that we need to revisit from time to time. That statement is very valuable to us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN), an exceptional American in his own right. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank the gentleman from Iowa, my good friend for yielding to me. I rise to express my strong support for the announced policy by Attorney General Jeff Sessions that will terminate U.S. Department of Justice grants to sanctuary cities. These are the localities that have chosen not to cooperate with the Federal Government when its seeks to deport alreadydetained criminal aliens. Under this Trump policy, your hard earned tax dollars will no longer go to cities and counties that thumb their nose at the Federal immigration authorities and refuse to cooperate. In President Trump’s first 2 months in office, this administration has acted to secure our borders, to encourage compliance with Federal immigration law, and to deport criminal aliens. The previous administration put out the welcome mat for criminal aliens. Thanks to Trump, the welcome mat has now been removed. A few short days ago, the national news broke on how two illegal aliens from Central America raped a 14year old girl in the boys bathroom of a public high school in Rockville, Maryland. These two young men, Henry Sanchez Milian, an 18yearold from Guatemala, and Jose Montano, a 17yearold from El Salvador, came across our southern border last year as unaccompanied minors. The Obama administration initially targeted them for deportation proceedings, but they were later released to join relatives in Maryland. When asked about the situation, Rockville school officials said that the legal status of these two individuals did not matter, as Rockville has declared itself to be a sanctuary city. I beg to differ. It does matter. If the Federal Government had done its duty and immediately returned these illegal immigrants to their home country, this young girl would not have been brutally raped. For the sake of this young girl, we must secure our borders. This vicious crime would never have taken place had the Obama administration followed the law and secured our borders. The good news is that the new administration is working hard to secure our borders, to deport criminal aliens, and to protect the lives of American citizens. Cracking down on sanctuary cities is an important first step. In the first month of the Trump administration, ICE issued 3,083 detainers. These are orders for local authorities to keep criminal aliens in custody for 48 hours to enable U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, agents to come and get these criminal aliens for deportation. 206 of these detainees were just declined, meaning that local authorities deliberately ignored ICE’s detainer requests and released these individuals back out onto American streets. 
This is especially concerning because 44 percent of those individuals had already been convicted of crimes in the United States. These weren’t just petty crimes, folks. These include: homicide, rape, assault, domestic violence, indecent exposure with a minor, sex offense against a minor, aggravated assault with a weapon, resisting an officer, vehicle theft, kidnapping, driving under the influence, hitandrun, and sexual assault. Thank you, Mr. President, for holding accountable these sanctuary cities that released these criminals back out onto our streets. We are also working to force foreign countries to take back their criminal alien citizens; 25yearold Casey Chadwick was murdered by an illegal alien from Haiti, Jean Jacques. Jacques had been released 6 months earlier and ordered deported after serving a 19year sentence for attempted murder. Haiti had refused multiple times to take back Jacques, and under the Obama administration policy, Jacques was simply released onto U.S. streets to return to his life of crime, although Haiti had gladly taken billions of U.S. aid. That is why I have introduced H.R. 82, the Criminal Alien Deportation Enforcement Act. My bill withholds foreign aid from countries that do not repatriate their criminal aliens. This commonsense step ensures that countries that benefit from the goodwill of the United States must hold up their end of the bargain and take back their criminal aliens. And through his recent executive order, President Trump declared that he would restrict the issuance of visas to certain residents of noncooperative countries. Congress should support the President by locking in this enforcement with legislation so that a future President does not reverse this enforcement. b1115 On behalf of the American people, I applaud President Trump and I call on my colleagues to cosponsor my legislation to lock in these protections for future generations of Americans and keep them safe. Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my time, I would like to pose a question to the gentleman from Texas. The bill that you have proposed that mirrors the President’s executive order to limit people coming in from those six countries, do you have the bill number for that? H.R.? Mr. BABIN. That is H.R. 80. Mr. KING of Iowa. 880? Mr. BABIN. H.R. 80. The gentleman from Iowa, I am going to correct myself. That is H.R. 81, H.R. 81. Mr. KING of Iowa. Okay. And you also have H.R. 82. Mr. BABIN. I have H.R. 82, which I just discussed, and that is the repatriation of criminal aliens. Mr. KING of Iowa. For the record, I believe I am a cosponsor of both of those pieces of legislation. Mr. BABIN. You are, Mr. K ING. You are a sponsor. And I thank you for your cosponsorship and trying to keep our American citizens, our constituents, safe. Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my time from the gentleman from Texas, I appreciate the approach that you brought to this Congress. It is not hard for me to get behind, and I support legislation that is brought by Mr. BABIN. He has been looking at the safety and security of the American people and coming up with good, solid, principled ideas on how to restore and strengthen our national security. Each of those two pieces of legislation, the numbers which I did not know until now, H.R. 81 and H.R. 82, are pieces of legislation that I and many other conservatives have signed on to in our endeavor to make Americans safe again. This great America, making it great again, part of it is to make America safe again. I would add to this, Mr. Speaker, that I am appalled at the audacity of the judges who are either out on the left coast or well beyond the left coast, as far west as Hawaii, who would just step in without any kind of a constitutional, foundational background in their arguments or decisions, without citing the statute is this, that Congress has the authority to control immigration in the United States of America. If we want to pass a piece of legislation and it is in law that says the only people that we will let come into America are green Martians, then that is the law, and that is what a judge is obligated to determine when they read the law. But on top of that, not only does Congress set the terms on what legal immigration is into America—and it is clear and it is defined—but we grant the President of the United States the authority to determine those who will not be allowed to come into America, just like any other sovereign nation state in the world that controls its borders. And if we don’t have the authority, if Congress doesn’t have the constitutional authority that is clearly defined, and if the statutes that are produced by Congress and signed into law by previous Presidents do not set that statutory authority on who comes into America but a judge someplace in Seattle or Hawaii can supercede the will of the American people, can supercede the supreme law of the land, the Constitution of the United States, can supercede Federal law just because, in their whim, they think a law might mean something that it doesn’t say, that is what we are dealing with, Mr. Speaker. I intend to move further on this and examine these judges more closely. As a matter of fact—and I thank the gentleman from Texas. But we had a hearing either earlier this week or last week—and my weeks run together, Mr. Speaker—and this hearing was a hearing where we discussed some of this statutory authority. In fact, it was this week. I remember one of the witnesses, and the witness was a Sheriff Hodgson out of Maryland; and he testified that a State legislator in Maryland had learned that there was likely to be an ICE raid into a particular community, and the representative posted on their Facebook, essentially: Don’t go out of your homes. Be careful because you might be picked up and deported if you are illegally in America. That headsup from an elected State official, I asked him this question, and his answer concurred with my opinion, that it is a direct violation of 8 U.S.C. 1324, which is a Federal ban on harboring illegal aliens. To harbor them, to encourage them to come here or stay here—and it can be either willfully or for financial purposes. If that is the case, they are facing a Federal felony of up to 10 years in a penitentiary; that is, if it is for profit. But if it is not for profit, then they are only facing 5 years in a Federal penitentiary for facilitating illegal immigration, harboring illegal aliens. When I read the statute into the RECORD before the Judiciary Committee, it was clear to me that Sheriff Hodgson had read that statute multiple times. I don’t know that he had it completely memorized, but he knew exactly what it meant; and he concurred with me that I believe the Justice Department should be investigating, should be looking into State legislators or any citizen—they are subject to the same laws as all the rest of us—who is harboring illegal aliens. We should bring this on the highest profile level that we can. And furthermore, we have a judge out in Washington, again, who, according to news reports, helped facilitate an illegal alien who was before this judge’s court to go out the back door when there were ICE agents waiting, guarding the front door. That also is a violation of 8 U.S.C. 1324, harboring illegal aliens. So Congress passes laws, and these laws are to be respected; and we cannot be a real civilization if we don’t have respect for the rule of law, Mr. Speaker. And not only has respect for the rule of law been so eroded, we had a previous President, and that is President Obama, who openly and blatantly violated the supreme law of the land, the Constitution, according to his definition. Twentytwo times Barack Obama said he didn’t have the authority to grant a legal status to the people who are defined as DREAMers, the deferred action for children of—I guess they say—well, it is children of aliens is what it really is. But President Obama, 22 times on videotape and who knows how may times it wasn’t on videotape, said: I don’t have the constitutional authority to change the law. Congress has to do that. When he was pressed to change the law and he said he didn’t have that authority those 22 times, then he concluded that he could get away with it 
anyway. He issued the order, the DACA order—two of them that are really openly and blatantly unconstitutional. DAPA, the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, that is how they called it. Again, it is parents of those who were born here to illegal parents, and we need to move the birthright citizenship bill to put an end to that. The President knew he didn’t have the authority for that DAPA program, and he knew he didn’t have the authority for the DACA program, and he said so at least 22 times. Then he issued those orders, and the executive branch of government began to carry out the President’s orders, which are in violation of the law. So he has commanded the executive branch of government to violate the law. Subsequent to the DACA order going out, President Obama went to Chicago and gave a speech and said publicly— and this is on videotape, too. He said this: I changed the law. Mr. Speaker, no President ever had constitutional authority to change the law. It is Congress that writes all the laws in the House and in the Senate. The President gets an opportunity to sign them into law, and, as President, he is free to lobby the Congress to change the law. But no President should have the audacity to stand up in front of his hometown and the world and say: I changed the law. Now, do we remember, Mr. Speaker, that there was a big national outrage over that statement or over the constitutional violations? No. There wasn’t a great outrage. I am greatly outraged, and I remain outraged, but the American people were relatively complacent about this. Now, there were plenty of them that did some work on this, true, but it wasn’t like a big cultural movement. I would remind you about what happens when we are extremely offended by violations of law and decency. That is when Republicans and Democrats get together and do something about it. One of those things I can think of, Mr. Speaker, is this. I reach in my pocket and I pull out—this is an acorn. I carry an acorn in my pocket every day, and I have done that for, oh, I don’t know how long now—pretty close to 10 years. But I brought an amendment to the floor of the House of Representatives to cut off all funding to ACORN about 2 years before we heard of the videotapes that came out of ACORN that were collected by James O’Keefe and Hannah Giles because I knew what was going on. I had had an investigator that was feeding me information. And I came to the floor and made an effort to cut off all the funding that was supporting ACORN, which admitted later on to 440 or maybe 444,000 false or fraudulent voter registration forms that they paid people commissions to produce. Some of those forms included Mickey Mouse and the entire Dallas Cowboys football team, all registered to vote. ACORN employees were paid on commission to collect the voter registrations. They were subverting our electoral process. They were advocating all kinds of things from within ACORN and helping to facilitate, as we know the allegation, prostitution and others. This was so bad—this was so bad that Democrats were outraged. I know, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to fathom this now. But Democrats were outraged. Republicans were outraged. And when those videos became replete throughout the American consciousness, you—and I say, Mr. Speaker, I say the American people rose up and they called their Members of Congress, and they did interviews on TV, and they wrote letters to the editor. It was the talk of the coffee shop and the church and the school and the work and the town. America revolted at the idea that we would be sending hundreds of millions of tax dollars to an organization that was so immoral and so corrupt. Underneath that was the corruption of our electoral process. So we came together here with moral and constitutional outrage and cut off all funding to ACORN or any of their affiliates or subordinates or successors, and that has been part of the appropriation process here ever since. I carry this acorn in my pocket to remind me, to remind me not to ever let something like that happen again. But also, it is a point of pride for me when I hold this in my hand because I am proud of the American people, Mr. Speaker. It was the American people that got that done with bipartisan outrage about what was happening to our Republic and to the legitimacy of our elections in this Republic. And I would remind people, Mr. Speaker, that we have a Constitution that I have said is the supreme law of the land. It is the foundation upon which our country is built. But that foundation sits on something. It sits on a bedrock, and the bedrock that it sits on is legitimate elections. We can watch our Constitution erode by decisions in the Supreme Court and by loss of understanding of what its original meaning is and what it is to be a constitutional and contractual guarantee to succeeding generations, we can lose our Constitution that way, or we could just lose our country by allowing the bedrock that our Constitution sits on, legitimate elections, to be eroded and destroyed. That is what I think the American people understood, maybe instinctively, maybe intuitively, maybe intellectually, what was happening to our country. All of that went together to build a giant snowball of public outrage that ripped the funding out from underneath ACORN, and we will hold that now for a long term and, hopefully, for the very long and increasingly healthy life of this Republic. That is what needs to happen when we are outraged, when we see our Constitution being undermined. We did that with ACORN, and it is a symbol of what the American people should be doing. But when you have a President of the United States that takes an oath of office to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States so help him God, and in that oath it is specified in another section of the Constitution that he, meaning the President, take care that the laws be faithfully executed—we call that the Take Care Clause—well, the President, President Obama, did not take care that the laws be faithfully executed. He refused to enforce the law. He refused to enforce the immigration law, and he issued orders that ordered his subordinates throughout the executive branch of government, including the Border Patrol, custom border protection, ICE, and USCIS, to defy the law. The law of the United States says that, when law enforcement encounters someone who is unlawfully present in the United States, they shall—not ‘‘may,’’ but ‘‘shall’’—be placed into removal proceedings. That is the law. Had that been the case and if the law had been followed, if the law had been followed ever since Ronald Reagan signed the amnesty act in 1986—which, by the way, was a legal act. I thought it was poor judgment on the part of President Reagan. He let us down on a principle of the rule of law. Thirtyplus years ago I knew that we would be fighting for a long, long time to restore the respect for the rule of law, particularly with regard to immigration. When I watched the debate take place here in this Congress and in the House and in the Senate and I read what I could read about that, I reasoned that, even though we were losing in the House, the rule of law was losing in the House on the amnesty debate in 1986, and even though the rule of law lost in the Senate, I was confident that Ronald Reagan understood the principle that, if you reward people for breaking the law, there would have been more people that break the law. b1130 If you say that this is the last amnesty ever, you also will have to continually fight the argument of we didn’t really mean that; there are these other circumstances. The three—well, it actually started out to be 1 million people that were going to get amnesty in 1986. And the rationale, which I don’t actually think was rational, was we can’t enforce the law against these million people that are here illegally, but we need to have the rule of law. So what we will do is we will grant an amnesty to the million people that are here illegally. Then our promise will be, from this point forward, everybody who enters into the United States, or is unlawfully in the United States will have to face the law, and we will deport everybody that has violated our immigration laws. We will enforce the law from this point forward, from 1986. Ronald Reagan believed he was going to get that; and, by the way, he did 
That decision was about property rights in New London, Connecticut, that the local government had decided that they were going to act by condemning the private property locally so that they could hand that private property over for a private interest to do expansion and development on multiple homes within the area of New London, Connecticut. I recall my outrage when the Supreme Court ruled that that was constitutional; for a local government to condemn private property for private use, all it had to do was be facilitated by local government. I had not read the decision at that time. In fact, I hadn’t read the dissent. I had read part of the decision. But within a week, we brought a resolution of disapproval of the Supreme Court’s decision on Kelo to the floor of this House. And, yes, I was engaged in that debate and some of the shaping of the resolution. But the Supreme Court of the United States, which is there to protect the Constitution itself, to interpret the Constitution and the law, effectively stripped three words out of the Fifth Amendment of our Constitution. The Fifth Amendment reads like this: ‘‘ . . . nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation.’’ Well, the people in New London Connecticut, particularly the Kelo family, had their private property, their home condemned, confiscated under eminent domain and handed over to private use and through the entity of local government. So I was outraged. America was outraged. By the way, that is another time like I showed you the acorn, Mr. Speaker, but the Kelo decision was another time that the American people rose up and said: We disagree with this decision. And it was—the polling that I recall from the time, 11–1, opposed the Supreme Court’s decision that would allow local government to confiscate private property. I came to this floor to add to the debate. And at the time I was queued up to speak, the speaker ahead of me was over at this podium, the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Barney Frank. Now, he and I had a history of disagreeing on a lot of issues, and I expected to disagree with Mr. Frank on that issue. So I sat here in a chair in front with my notepad to take notes on Mr. Frank’s statements so I would be prepared to step up and rebut him because my turn was coming next. I am writing notes furiously, keeping up with his quotes. And while this is going on, and he was almost finished with his speech before I realized I agreed with everything Barney Frank said on Kelo. Everything. So I spoke, I came down here to this podium and gave my speech, but my speech fully supported the statement by Mr. Frank. And I added to that, that the effect of that decision was to strip those three words out of the Fifth Amendment ‘‘for public use.’’ I made that argument as emphatically as I was prepared to do, that now the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution that guarantees our property rights says: ‘‘Nor shall private property be taken without just compensation.’’ In other words, they have to pay you for it. But you don’t get to keep your home if there is a private interest out there that can convince a local government that they will pay more taxes on that property than you are paying on that property. Stripping those three words out of the Fifth Amendment was the exact effect of the Kelo decision. I did not know it at that time because later on is when I picked up the dissent, one of the last dissents written by Justice O’Connor, who had exactly the same analysis in her dissent as I had in my speech and, as I believe without utter clarity of the statement, that Mr. Frank would have agreed with it if he didn’t say it or not. So here we are. The American people have risen up and we have said: We disagree with the Supreme Court. We want to restore our Constitution, but amending it is pretty difficult. By the way, if you wanted to amend the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution to fix Kelo, to have the Fifth Amendment mean ‘‘nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation,’’ if you want the Fifth Amendment to mean that—I asked a witness today: How do you rewrite the Fifth Amendment and amend our Constitution when the Supreme Court has so, I will say, subverted the meaning, they had de facto stricken those three words out? How do you rewrite it? Do you start with: We really mean it this time that ‘‘nor shall private property be taken,’’ we really mean ‘‘without just compensation,’’ we really mean it ‘‘for public use without just compensation’’? Do we keep adding? Do we really mean it? Or are there words in the language that can prevent a court from doing what they decide to do from an activist standpoint? I don’t think so. And a number of times I have tried to write amendments to the Constitution to fix problems that have been created by an activist court. b1145 So I will say the Kelo decision in 2005 was a precursor to things that happened by the Supreme Court, although they are not connected and cited; and that would be June 2015—June 24 and June 25, 2015, as a matter of fact. It was King v. Burwell, the decision when the Supreme Court, on a Thursday—I believe if you look at the calendar, Mr. Speaker, it will be a Thursday, June 24, 2015, when the Supreme Court concluded and issued a decision that they could rewrite ObamaCare, that they could rewrite the statute—the law that was actually passed here by hook, crook, and legislative shenanigan, but still within the boundaries of the Constitution. The law gave no authority to the Federal Government to establish exchanges under ObamaCare, but the Court considered this, and they concluded that: We must have really meant to say ‘‘or Federal Government’’ when Congress wrote that the States may establish exchanges. The de facto result of the King v. Burwell decision was that the States—and added these three words, in effect—‘‘or Federal Government’’ may establish exchanges under the law. The Supreme Court added words to the law. If they can add words to the law, then they can also subtract words from the law. So I am appalled by this. This is Thursday, and before I can get my feet back underneath me, having been essentially knocked over by a Supreme Court truck believing that they would be bound by something within the Constitution, before that can happen, I am pulling into a Catholic church in Logan, Iowa, to do a 10 a.m. meeting with some priests and members of the parish synchronized just by providence or happenstance with former Senator Rick Santorum, who has been a definitive voice on marriage. We were both listening to the radio as we pulled into that church to do a joint event, and for the first time we had heard about the Obergefell decision, the decision that came down on Friday, June 25, 2015. That decision goes even beyond the idea that the Court can insert words into Federal statute that was previously duly passed by Congress and signed by the President. And now under the gay marriage decision of Obergefell, the Supreme Court not only found a new right in the Constitution, they created a command in the Constitution—a command. It is not in the Constitution about samesex marriage. Our Founding Fathers never envisioned such a thing. There is no one that can assert that it was even in the imagination of any Founding Father. Neither can they assert that it was in the imagination of anybody that was in this Congress when the 14th Amendment was passed out of this Congress—out of the House and the Senate—and ratified by the American people with 75 percent of the legitimate States at the time. No one can assert that that ever was out there in, let’s just say, the emanations and penumbras of the Constitution or especially the 14th Amendment, the equal protection clause of the Constitution. They can’t assert that. They asserted in the Roe v. Wade decision that this right to privacy becomes a right to abortion under any circumstances to speak of—almost any circumstances, Mr. Speaker. They asserted that it was in the emanations and penumbras, and they kind of made it up. They found it in that shadowy area along the edge of the clouds that we all see something different if we see anything at all, but they could see something that nobody else had seen, and they wrote that into the decision. 
But this Obergefell decision goes even beyond that, even beyond the audacity of Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, Griswold v. Connecticut, and the Eisenstadt decision. It goes beyond all of those. It is this: the Supreme Court created—not only found a right, but they created a command in the Constitution. And here is the command: if you are a political subdivision in America that recognizes civil marriage, then thou shalt conduct samesex marriages and recognize samesex marriages, regardless of where they might take place, but they shall take place in your jurisdiction as well. That is the Obergefell decision. Now, if this had been a decision of the United States Congress, it would have been litigated and found unconstitutional. We don’t have the enumerated power or the constitutional authority to impose samesex marriage on America. That is outside the reach of this Congress, and I think there are Democrats that will agree with me on that, Mr. Speaker. But if the States were to pass samesex marriage laws, they do have that constitutional authority. If that had happened in a statutory way, I would accept that. I don’t agree with it, but I would accept it as a constitutional function of a legitimate subdivision within the United States. That is how we need to do things in this country, in a constitutional fashion, not bypass the will of the people and allow the Supreme Court to assert an authority that they do not have constitutionally. I can chase this all the way back to Marbury v. Madison and have to take that argument apart, I know, with some of the people that would carry on this argument. But in the end, it is this: We get into big trouble when we start establishing special rights for immutable characteristics. If you look at Title VII of the Civil Rights Act—and I don’t have it committed exactly to memory, but in Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, there is protection there for religion, but that is a specific constitutional protection in the First Amendment. Beyond that, it is protection for immutable characteristics that have to do with race, ethnicity, and national origin. I am fine with putting in disability. That is an immutable characteristic. Age is another immutable characteristic. And sex is an immutable characteristic. Gender is not, and sexual orientation is not. When you go into that zone, then you are giving special protected status for characteristics that cannot be independently identified and can, at least potentially, be willfully changed. That is a zone that is too blurry a zone for law, and it is a zone then for our culture to accept, embrace, and love people of all walks of life and recognize that we are all God’s children, we are all created in His image, and because of our immutable characteristics, they are tied to our origins. By the way, our rights do come from God and not from government. If we think somehow that rights come from government, then it is okay for government to take our rights away. But they don’t come from government. Our Founding Fathers understood that. In fact, they articulated that better than anyone ever had. They had a tough job. They had to first understand this divine right of humanity, natural law, as they described it. They had to first understand it, then they had to articulate it, then they had to debate it among themselves. They had disagreements amongst themselves, but they reached a consensus that got to the Declaration and a consensus that got to the ratification of the Constitution. We fought a gruesome and a ghastly civil war to put away the sin of slavery. That also was a movement that came from the people of America and the people of Western civilization and the world. Slavery is an institution that has been part of every ancient civilization back to the beginning. America stepped up pretty early in this process. Great Britain was ahead of us. Not many other nations beat us to that punch. It was a brutal thing that America went through, but it was a consensus of America in the end that ended that. So, Mr. Speaker, I am making this point that this America that we are is built upon the pillars of American exceptionalism. Those pillars are inherited from Western civilization whose roots go to Western Europe, they go to Rome, they go to Greece, and they go back to Mosaic law. We have been a wiseenough civilization to adopt those values from outside of Western civilization that give us vitality, just like our English language has this unique vitality. One of the reasons for it is that it is adaptable, it is flexible. We are not stuck in time and place. We take on words into our language. Every year there is a list of new words that go into the dictionary because we create them to take care of the meaning that we need. Daniel Hannan, a member of the European Parliament from the United Kingdom, has written a book about the English language. I think of Winston Churchill’s book, ‘‘A History of the EnglishSpeaking Peoples.’’ I read that book carefully forward and back and digested it so to speak. When I finished it, I remember I looked up at the ceiling, and it was about 1:30 in the morning, and I thought: My gosh, wherever the English language has gone, freedom has accompanied the language. Now, Churchill didn’t ever write that, that I recall, in his book, but that was a conclusion that came to me. I would call it an inescapable conclusion that might only mean ‘‘if you think like I do.’’ But he laid the case out without saying that the English language has carried freedom. Well, Daniel Hannan’s book—the title of which I forget at the moment, Mr. Speaker—goes further. He says that, as he sits in the European Parliament—and he is multilingual—he will have earpieces on listening to the interpreter while he is listening to another language in this ear, and the language he gets interpreted into his ear doesn’t necessarily carry out the same values and meaning. His analysis is that the English language not only is a carrier of freedom, but it is a language that articulates freedom unique to any other, and that you can’t really understand Godgiven liberty without having an understanding of the English language that has such a utility in our carrying out and talking about our values of language and liberty. Liberty means something different from freedom. We have got two words, liberty and freedom. Many other languages only have one word, and they just use that word universally. But in our spirit is this—freedom is this: a wild coyote has freedom. He can jump the fences and go wherever he wants to go. But freedom is different. He has that freedom. But liberty is bridled by morality. We have liberty in America. We are bridled by the morality of the obligation that we are a civilization and a culture that is part of Judeo Christianity, descended, at a minimum, from JudeoChristianity, and our values that are rooted in there, as I said, are traceable back to Mosaic law. We have to have a morality within America if we are going to be an America that achieves and that we can aspire, that the arc of history takes us to soaring heights instead of flattening that arc of history out and perhaps diminishing into the Third World. So I revere this country, Mr. Speaker, and I revere our Constitution and our rule of law. The people in this country, all of us who are part of this civilization and part of this culture, all of us who get up every day and go out and do things to lift others up, all of us who scrub out some of the things that aren’t so great and elevate those things that are great and pull ourselves together, whether it is a mom and a child, a dad and a child, whether it is a church group, whether it is home school, public school, or parochial school, whether it is work, whether it is your volunteer group, if you are out there handing out pamphlets to advance your cause and adding to the civil dialogue in America, keep a moral foundation behind it, and add to that civil dialogue, if we continue to do that, and if we protect, understand, and teach the values of America, and in particular the understanding and the original meaning of our Constitution, we will continue to be an even greater country. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the privilege to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives. I am privileged to serve here and privileged to have the opportunity to go home and carry out some of the things that I have talked about here in this last hour. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a joint resolution of the House of the following title: 
H.J. Res. 67. Joint Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for nongovernmental employees. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 353. An act to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 101–509, the Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, announces the appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Deborah Skaggs Speth of Kentucky. 
b1200 REPEALING HEALTH CARE LAW The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BANKS of Indiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed a pleasure to follow my good friend from Iowa, STEVE KING. I know Mr. KINGcares deeply about America. He not only cares deeply, but having been in the private sector in business where he, like our President, was involved in building things and making things work and making things accessible, he has good solutions. I have no doubt if he were not in Congress, he probably would have gotten the bid on the sections of the wall that the President is taking bids on even now. We are at an interesting time. It has been interesting to see some of the messages. Some are hurtful. I know the liberal papers like the Longview newspaper immediately pick up on any dissension in the Republican Party, especially if it is aimed at conservatives like me. I don’t know why we use the term ‘‘conservative.’’ It used to be just somebody with common sense that believed in keeping our word, believed in following the Constitution. We seem to get in trouble when we don’t follow the Constitution. For example, it makes very clear that everyone who is an American citizen is supposed to have rights. We can’t assure the rights of every person in every other country. That would turn into this remarkable experiment in a republican form of government that we have here. It is really a democratic Republic—a Republic where you select representatives so that you don’t have big gangs running around as a majority wreaking havoc when people disagree with them. We elect representatives so they can come together and, hopefully, read bills and not have to vote on them so they can find out what is in them, go ahead and read the bills in advance and hopefully have something to do with the writing of the bills, especially things that affect people’s health. When we see messages like have come out today, it is unpleasant. One was apparently sent out from the White House, condemning the Freedom Caucus, apparently, because we have the audacity to want Republicans, including those at the White House, to keep our promise. I still remain in favor of—as do my friends on the Freedom Caucus and a lot of others—and remain committed to our promise to repeal ObamaCare. I realize there can be honest disagreement. Some think if we give more power to Health and Human Services, more Federal Government, and give more power to the people we trust in the Federal Government, whom I do trust, then they can do what Congress is not willing to do, and that is repeal ObamaCare and have a system in place that will assure people can get health care that is affordable. The fact is most people talk about how we have got to make sure people can get health insurance. And then, over the years, they use the term ‘‘health care’’ synonymously with ‘‘health insurance.’’ Actually, the fact is we should be most concerned about people, all Americans, having access to affordable health care, whether they have insurance or not. One of the problems that health insurance has gotten into over the last 50 years is that health insurance has ceased to be insurance. Under ObamaCare, health insurance was certainly not insurance. If you look up the root of insurance, the word ‘‘insure,’’ insurance was intended to be something you could purchase very cheaply that would insure against an unforeseeable event some point in the future, maybe a catastrophic accident, a chronic disease, something that you don’t expect and you hope never happens. For the insurance companies, it is actually a form of legalized wager that you are paying a little amount, hoping that never happens, but just in case it does, insurance will be able to take care of it at that point. We have long since lost the idea of true insurance, and people began paying health insurance companies not to insure against an unforeseeable event in the future, but to pay them to manage their health care, to tell their doctors what medication they could prescribe, what procedures they would cover to help their patients, telling the patients which doctors they could see. Actually, the truth is, as the Federal Government got more and more involved, we saw less and less insurance and more and more insurance companies managing people’s health care, and the managing insurance companies were actually following the lead of the Federal Government. The more we passed laws regarding health care and insurance, the more the Federal Government had a say in people’s health care and wellbeing and the more insurance companies moved into a management role, much as the Federal Government in Medicare and Medicaid moved into a governing role. This morning, I am meeting with constituents that are very caring individuals and who provide health centers that are extremely affordable, very, very cheap, but provide quality care for people that can’t afford the care. They don’t have to go to the emergency room, which costs more than going to a clinic for minor matters. It saves a lot of money. It is a lot of cheaper. Of course, emergency room care is about the most expensive care you can get, and people who don’t have insurance often go and line up at emergency rooms, which drives up the cost of everybody’s health care and everybody’s health insurance. We can break the cycle of that. I understand there are very well meaning friends on the Republican side of the aisle that think if we just give the Federal Government, give Health and Human Services, more power to control all of this, we have a guy in place that I do believe can do great things to cure the ills of health care. My problem is, if we don’t repeal the outrage known as ObamaCare, or the Affordable Care Act—which is really unaffordable—if we don’t actually repeal it here in the House, have the Senate repeal it, then no matter how much those in the executive branch and those in Health and Human Services, including my friend, the Secretary, no matter how much they do to help Americans, the next liberal that comes in, the next Kathleen Sebelius who comes in thinking she knows more about what is best for you than you do, then all of those great reforms will go out the window. Because the Secretary will have more authority and more ability to make regulation under the Republican proposed bill, then I am quite certain that somebody that comes in, like Kathleen Sebelius, who knows better what you need than you do, will make sure that the regulations and the overreach become even more burdensome. I totally understand the President’s frustration. He was told that the Republican bill would basically repeal ObamaCare. The truth is I totally agree with the President. We need to act to repeal ObamaCare. I stand with the President, through whatever hardship, to repeal ObamaCare. I have heard people referring already to the Republican bill as SwampCare. There are some good things in the bill, 
but it appears to analysts that I trust and have a reputation for being accurate that premiums will go up and that this bill is not going to really bring down health insurance costs and that they may go up for the next 2 years. Hopefully, in 2019, after Republicans have lost the majority because we didn’t keep our promise, they are projecting that in 2019 the prices will go down maybe 10 percent if everything works out well. That would be good for the new Democratic majority because they will have taken office and they will get all the credit for costs coming down. Even though it is very slightly, they will get the credit, and Republicans will be left out to dry, which means the American Dream—freedom, entrepreneurship, the ability to decide what health care you need, when, without government or an insurance company telling you otherwise—that dream of personal independence will be gone, and you will see a new America that begins to reflect the values of the former Soviet Union, which anybody that studies history like I majored in and never quit studying, you know there has never, ever been a time when socialism succeeded. It always has failed. It always will fail. Even the Apostle Paul’s effort to bring into the common storehouse and share and share alike, eventually he realized his error and that it is going to work in Heaven, but it is not going to work here. So, new rule: If you don’t work, you don’t eat. The Pilgrims, just a beautiful Compact: Bring into the common storehouse, share and share alike. But after so many died that first winter, they realized: Maybe it will work out better if we let people have private property and they get to keep, use however they want, whatever they produce. What a great idea. That kind of entrepreneurship, that kind of encouragement and incentive in this world for people to do well, to control their own destiny, is what made America the greatest country in the history of the world. Now, as we proceeded over the years, we have moved toward more and more socialism, especially in the last 50 years. We have now allowed people like Bill Ayers to take over our educational facilities. They have been successful. I understand 30, 40 percent of young people coming out of college today think that socialism would be a good thing. Well, it would be in a perfect world, where everybody worked as hard as they could and then shared and shared alike, but we have seen in this world that will never work. The only way socialism remains as long as it does, as it did in the Soviet Union, is if you have a ruthless totalitarian government that takes people’s freedom away. But even then, it is all going to be for nothing. We have an article from Mark Miller in Reuters, and the title is: ‘‘Republican Health Reform Is the Real Disaster for Older Americans.’’ One of the things I have got to say, Mr. Speaker, I was hoping in our bill— since we know and we have talked about all these years since ObamaCare passed that it cuts $716 billion from Medicare, and seniors need help. They are beginning to experience rationed health care the way the VA has been administering to our veterans for too long. Hopefully, we will get that fixed. I don’t know the person that President Trump appointed to head up the VA. She has been part of the VA system, so I am concerned she may not be able to deliver on reenergizing the VA to actually help veterans. With all the problems that have existed across the Veterans Administration, which are a clear example of what happens when a federal government takes complete charge of a medical system, and with all the veterans we have in record numbers committing suicide because they just feel so hopeless—they feel like there is nowhere to turn. The VA doesn’t help them. They have got nowhere to turn, and they do take that irreversible step of hopelessness. People that are seeing that in the VA now are coming and saying they want the Federal Government to have more control over people’s health care, kind of like the VA, because that is such a good thing. b1215 Do we need more people killing themselves in the general society at the levels of our precious veterans? I mean, let’s take care of our veterans. Let’s drop that to zero for veterans and let’s work on it for the general population. I do believe that the bill that my friend Dr. TIMMURPHY helped push through, did such a great job on—it was bipartisan; we had people on both sides of the aisle working fervently on that bill—I think will be able to do some good. For 30 years or so the pendulum swung too far against people getting the mental health care they needed. So it is good to see that change. But, Mr. Speaker, this bill—I left at the end of the week last week, and I know a lot of people were down, and I was in part, but the other side was. I really felt like this was going to be a good week, we were going to come together, we were going to discuss, we were going to find a way to come together. I thought on Tuesday—Monday evening, as I saw our leadership getting together with members of our party, I thought: Yeah, I bet we can get something by the end of the week. I got the feeling most of the Republicans felt if we don’t have a bill that we can agree on and get passed for the good of the American people, let’s actually take steps. Okay, our leadership said we can’t repeal ObamaCare. Well, let’s repeal at least as much as we can. Let’s at least repeal as much as we did 2 years ago. Let’s at least not give more power to Health and Human Services. Let’s at least take out some of the requirements from ObamaCare that have caused premiums to skyrocket. We are told: Well, trust HHS because they will be able to help bring down premiums so we don’t have to take that action in this body ourselves. For all of those who were ignorant and didn’t understand, the Freedom Caucus was trying to reach an agreement so that we could vote a bill out of this House, but those of us in the Freedom Caucus all had heard over and over from constituents: You have got to do something to bring down the cost of our health insurance, of our health care. Our deductible is too high, we will never be able to get to our insurance help. Our premiums are so high. I heard from businesspeople that their costs have tripled in the last few years. They cannot afford to stay in business and keep paying these high premiums for their employees. They will have to leave them high and dry, which means they go to Medicaid. And I am really shocked that even people in the Obama administration would brag about adding millions of people to Medicaid, which has not been the help that people needed. We were told: Oh, no, ObamaCare will drive them to great insurance. No; it has driven millions to Medicaid that is even worse than Medicare. So I know most of the Republicans on this side of the aisle believe that so many States have good solutions. So what is our solution to help the States? Gee, if we give more power to the Federal Government, then they could start a highrisk pool that will be able to pull people out of the insurance policies where premiums are spiking, and then the Federal Government will run that for a while and then devolve it back to the States. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, in my time in Congress and even my time on the bench as a judge and chief justice, I have watched government, and I just don’t trust government. That was something I shared with our Founders. That was something Justice Scalia told to a group from my home in Tyler. There were probably 50 or 60 seniors who came up. I asked: Is there something special you would like to see or do while you are here? They said: Well, you seem to be friends with Justice Scalia. Do you think we could meet him? Well, I will ask. Well, son of a gun, Justice Scalia found the time, and we met him over at the Supreme Court. He said: Well, what questions do you have? He didn’t start with a speech. He said: Well, okay, LOUIE said you wanted to meet me. Here I am. What questions have you got? He leaned back against the table at the front of the room, and nobody said anything. He said: Oh, come on, I have taken time. I want to come here and let you meet me. 
I loved how abrupt he was and straight to the point. He said: Come on, here I am, have the courage, ask your question. One of our seniors said: Well, Justice Scalia, would you say that the United States is the most free country in the history of the world because of our Bill of Rights, that it is the best ever? Justice Scalia surprised me, but then I thought, well, yeah, he is exactly right. He said: Oh, gosh, no. The Soviets had a better bill of rights than we have. It had a lot more rights in there. No, no, no. The reason we are the most free country in the history of the world is because the Founders did not trust government. So they gave us a Constitution that tried to put as many obstacles as it possibly could between people in Washington—at the time, first New York, Philadelphia, then Washington. But people at the Federal level creating laws or regulations, they wanted it as hard as possible. That is why the President is not a Prime Minister selected by the Congress. It is why we have three branches instead of one or two. They wanted to make it hard to pass laws. He went into further deliberation on that. It was very informative. He was exactly right. I studied the Soviet Government. I remember in college when I was at Texas A&M I did a paper—and I got an A on it—about the Soviet Constitution, the Soviet rights. They did have more rights spelled out. But the trouble is, their founders wanted government to do things, and trusted government implicitly so that it was totalitarian, so the bill of rights they wrote meant nothing, the Constitution meant nothing. That is where we are headed here, it is with bureaucrats having taken charge over people’s lives, their health care, their financial situations, usurping or at least getting copies of people’s finance records. You used to have to get a warrant to do that. Now the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau just gets them when they want to. That should be illegal. It should be unconstitutional. It should require a warrant with probable cause established under oath that a crime has been committed and this person probably committed it. I used to sign warrants if probable cause was established. Not anymore. Under Obama, the Democratic Congress passed a law saying: Yeah, let them do whatever they want to somehow help us with our financial situation. Well, when you combine what they have done with what the NSA, CIA, and Justice Department have done to invade people’s rights, we are severely limited in the privacy we once had. I know there were people who were shocked that Congress passed a bill regarding internet privacy rights, but the fact is that our party should have done a better job of getting the message out of what it really did. It just repealed the intrusion that the Obama administration had with regulation and got us back to where we were a few years ago. So there are still protections; it is just not the intrusiveness of the Federal Government that President Obama created. Some of us were convinced that he was not as concerned with privacy rights as we were or as others in America were, and he was not as concerned about the United States’ control of the internet as we were because he gives away the ability to do websites to an international group instead of trusting the United States. That is different. President Obama didn’t trust the United States to be fair to the world. Those of us in Congress, at least on our side of the aisle, thought we would do a better job. I still think we will do a better job. What has been heartbreaking the last day and a half is to see it doesn’t appear that Republican leaders are trying to work with conservatives to get to a solution. We have now seen the solution is: go to war with those who want to stand on the Constitution; contact everybody who donates to the National Republican Congressional Committee, the National Republican Party, contact the big donors who donate to candidates; and make sure they send messages to all the Republicans that they better get on board and vote for a bill that those people who are calling never read, like some of us have, and that they didn’t research. They are just trusting the people they have been donating to to do the right thing. If that were the case, Republicans would have repealed ObamaCare a long time ago, and it would have been the first thing we took up in January, and we would never have had ObamaCare because Republicans would have stopped it when we did have the chance. We had multiple chances. But that is another story for another day. So I am sorry, this bill is going to ultimately result in Republicans losing the majority. But that is not my number one concern. Yes, it bothers me that I think this bill could lead to our loss of majority in 2018; and, yes, it concerns me that, from what I am hearing from friends across the aisle, the first thing they want to do if they get the majority in 2018 is impeach and remove from office Donald Trump. So it has really been amazing to see the war develop the last day and a half, that those in October who stood with the President when our leaders were saying: Forget Trump. Our numbers are clear, he has no chance of winning. So our best hope is for every Republican Member to save yourself. Win your election so that when Hillary Clinton is President next January, we can, in the House, rein her in. But I am so grateful the rank and file of our party stood fast and said: No, if Trump doesn’t win, we are not going to rein in president Hillary Clinton. She will do whatever she wants. Heck, we couldn’t even get our party to impeach Koskinen when the guy clearly lied to us here. Other members of the Cabinet in the Obama administration clearly lied, and we couldn’t get our group together to remove perjuring people from the Cabinet? At least now, hopefully, we are going to get the documentation that shows the kind of crimes that were being committed in the last administration. But in the meantime, people are hurting. They need their premiums to come down. I know we can trust Health and Human Services in this administration to try to bring down costs. But the words of my late friend Justice Scalia: If you guys in Congress, with the power to repeal a bad bill, don’t have the guts to do it, don’t come running across the street to us and ask us to repeal your bad bill. Heck, just go to the floor, repeal the bad law, and leave us alone. That is all I am asking, Mr. Speaker. The courts have not worked out extremely well for people who love the Constitution in recent years, and I know the President is frustrated. He is probably nearly as frustrated as I am almost maybe. I am told that maybe some of these antiFreedom Caucus tweets originated with his Chief of Staff Priebus. But I want to suggest, as Sam Rayburn did when he was Speaker: My friends, Mr. Speaker, the Republican brothers and sisters are not your enemy. They are your friends. They want to repeal ObamaCare, bring down costs, get more control back to people. If we pass a bill that doesn’t bring down premiums and give the American people hope and not give more power to the government and hope they do a better job in this administration, then we will deserve to be voted out. I just hope, Mr. Speaker, we will do what we promised to do. I hope those who are getting calls and emails demanding they call their representatives, if they have been big donors, tell their Congressmen to get on board with the bill. I hope they will trust us who are reading the bills on their behalf. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
115TH CONGRESS  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ETHICS , March 29, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XI, I submit to the House the Rules of the Committee on Ethics for the 115th Congress for publication in the Congressional Record. Sincerely, SUSAN W. B ROOKS , Chairwoman. Enclosures. 
(Adopted March 22, 2017) FOREWORD  The Committee on Ethics is unique in the House of Representatives. Consistent with 
the duty to carry out its advisory and enforcement responsibilities in an impartial manner, the Committee is the only standing committee of the House of Representatives the membership of which is divided evenly by party. These rules are intended to provide a fair procedural framework for the conduct of the Committee’s activities and to help ensure that the Committee serves well the people of the United States, the House of Representatives, and the Members, officers, and employees of the House of Representatives. PARTI—G ENERAL COMMITTEE RULES  
RULE 1 . GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) So far as applicable, these rules and the Rules of the House of Representatives shall be the rules of the Committee and any subcommittee. The Committee adopts these rules under the authority of clause 2(a)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, 115th Congress. (b) The rules of the Committee may be modified, amended, or repealed by a vote of a majority of the Committee. (c) When the interests of justice so require, the Committee, by a majority vote of its members, may adopt any special procedures, not inconsistent with these rules, deemed necessary to resolve a particular matter before it. Copies of such special procedures shall be furnished to all parties in the matter. (d) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member shall have access to such information that they request as necessary to conduct Committee business. 
RULE 2 . DEFINITIONS  (a) ‘‘Committee’’ means the Committee on Ethics. (b) ‘‘Complaint’’ means a written allegation of improper conduct against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives filed with the Committee with the intent to initiate an inquiry. (c) ‘‘Inquiry’’ means an investigation by an investigative subcommittee into allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives. (d) ‘‘Investigate,’’ ‘‘Investigating,’’ and/or ‘‘Investigation’’ mean review of the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives that is conducted or authorized by the Committee, an investigative subcommittee, or the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. (e) ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics. (f) ‘‘Referral’’ means a report sent to the Committee from the Board pursuant to House Rules and all applicable House Resolutions regarding the conduct of a House Member, officer, or employee, including any accompanying findings or other supporting documentation. (g) ‘‘Investigative Subcommittee’’ means a subcommittee designated pursuant to Rule 19(a) to conduct an inquiry to determine if a Statement of Alleged Violation should be issued. (h) ‘‘Statement of Alleged Violation’’ means a formal charging document filed by an investigative subcommittee with the Committee containing specific allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives of a violation of the Code of Official Conduct, or of a law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities. (i) ‘‘Adjudicatory Subcommittee’’ means a subcommittee designated pursuant to Rule 23(a) that holds an adjudicatory hearing and determines whether the counts in a Statement of Alleged Violation are proved by clear and convincing evidence. (j) ‘‘Sanction Hearing’’ means a Committee hearing to determine what sanction, if any, to adopt or to recommend to the House of Representatives. (k) ‘‘Respondent’’ means a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives who is the subject of a complaint filed with the Committee or who is the subject of an inquiry or a Statement of Alleged Violation. (l) ‘‘Office of Advice and Education’’ refers to the Office established by section 803(i) of the Ethics Reform Act of 1989. The Office handles inquiries; prepares written opinions in response to specific requests; develops general guidance; and organizes seminars, workshops, and briefings for the benefit of the House of Representatives. (m) ‘‘Member’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate to, or the Resident Commissioner to, the U.S. House of Representatives. RULE 3 . ADVISORY OPINIONS AND WAIVERS  (a) The Office of Advice and Education shall handle inquiries; prepare written opinions providing specific advice, including reviews of requests for privatelysponsored travel pursuant to the Committee’s travel regulations; develop general guidance; and organize seminars, workshops, and briefings for the benefit of the House of Representatives. (b) Any Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives may request a written opinion with respect to the propriety of any current or proposed conduct of such Member, officer, or employee. (c) The Office of Advice and Education may provide information and guidance regarding laws, rules, regulations, and other standards of conduct applicable to Members, officers, and employees in the performance of their duties or the discharge of their responsibilities. (d) In general, the Committee shall provide a written opinion to an individual only in response to a written request, and the written opinion shall address the conduct only of the inquiring individual, or of persons for whom the inquiring individual is responsible as employing authority. (e) A written request for an opinion shall be addressed to the Chair of the Committee and shall include a complete and accurate statement of the relevant facts. A request shall be signed by the requester or the requester’s authorized representative or employing authority. A representative shall disclose to the Committee the identity of the principal on whose behalf advice is being sought. (f) Requests for privatelysponsored travel shall be treated like any other request for a written opinion for purposes of paragraphs (g) through (l). (1) The Committee’s Travel Guidelines and Regulations shall govern the request submission and Committee approval process for privatelysponsored travel consistent with House Rules. (2) A request for privatelysponsored travel of a Member, officer, or employee shall include a completed and signed Traveler Form that attaches the Private Sponsor Certification Form and includes all information required by the Committee’s travel regulations. A private sponsor offering officially connected travel to a Member, officer, or employee must complete and sign a Private Sponsor Certification Form, and provide a copy of that form to the invitee(s). (3) Any individual who knowingly and willfully falsifies, or who knowingly and willfully fails to file, a Traveler Form or Private Sponsor Certification Form may be subject to civil penalties and criminal sanctions pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1001. (g) The Office of Advice and Education shall prepare for the Committee a response to each written request for an opinion from a Member, officer, or employee. Each response shall discuss all applicable laws, rules, regulations, or other standards. (h) Where a request is unclear or incomplete, the Office of Advice and Education may seek additional information from the requester. (i) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to take action on behalf of the Committee on any proposed written opinion that they determine does not require consideration by the Committee. If the Chair or Ranking Minority Member requests a written opinion, or seeks a waiver, extension, or approval pursuant to Rules 3(m), 4(c), 4(e), or 4(h), the next ranking member of the requester’s party is authorized to act in lieu of the requester. (j) The Committee shall keep confidential any request for advice from a Member, officer, or employee, as well as any response thereto. Upon request of any Member, officer, or employee who has submitted a written request for an opinion or submitted a request for privatelysponsored travel, the Committee may release to the requesting individual a copy of their own written request for advice or submitted travel forms, any subsequent written communications between such individual and Committee staff regarding the request, and any Committee advisory opinion or travel letter issued to that individual in response. The Committee shall not release any internal Committee staff work product, communications, or notes in response to such a request, except as authorized by the Committee. (k) The Committee may take no adverse action in regard to any conduct that has been undertaken in reliance on a written opinion if the conduct conforms to the specific facts addressed in the opinion. (l) Information provided to the Committee by a Member, officer, or employee seeking advice regarding prospective conduct may not be used as the basis for initiating an investigation under clause 3(a)(2) or clause 3(b) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, if such Member, officer, or employee acts in good faith in accordance with the written advice of the Committee. (m) A written request for a waiver of clause 5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule), or for any other waiver or approval, shall be treated in all respects like any other request for a written opinion. (n) A written request for a waiver of clause 5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule) shall specify the nature of the waiver being sought and the specific circumstances justifying the waiver. (o) An employee seeking a waiver of time limits applicable to travel paid for by a private source shall include with the request evidence that the employing authority is aware of the request. In any other instance where proposed employee conduct may reflect on the performance of official duties, the Committee may require that the requester submit evidence that the employing authority knows of the conduct. 
RULE 4 . FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  (a) In matters relating to Title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Committee shall coordinate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives, Legislative Resource Center, to assure that appropriate individuals are notified of their obligation to file reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act and that such individuals are provided in a timely fashion with filing instructions and forms developed by the Committee. (b) The Committee shall coordinate with the Legislative Resource Center to assure that information that the Ethics in Government Act requires to be placed on the public record is made public. 
(c) Any reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act filed by Members of the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics that are forwarded to the Committee by the Clerk shall not be subject to paragraphs (d) through (q) of this Rule. The Office of Congressional Ethics retains jurisdiction over review of the timeliness and completeness of filings by Members of the Board as the Board’s supervising ethics office. (d) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to grant on behalf of the Committee requests for reasonable extensions of time for the filing of Financial Disclosure Statements. Any such request must be received by the Committee no later than the date on which the Statement in question is due. A request received after such date may be granted by the Committee only in extraordinary circumstances. Such extensions for one individual in a calendar year shall not exceed a total of 90 days. No extension shall be granted authorizing a nonincumbent candidate to file a statement later than 30 days prior to a primary or general election in which the candidate is participating. (e) An individual who takes legally sufficient action to withdraw as a candidate before the date on which that individual’s Financial Disclosure Statement is due under the Ethics in Government Act shall not be required to file a Statement. An individual shall not be excused from filing a Financial Disclosure Statement when withdrawal as a candidate occurs after the date on which such Statement was due. (f) Any individual who files a report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act more than 30 days after the later of— (1) the date such report is required to be filed, or (2) if a filing extension is granted to such individual, the last day of the filing extension period, is required by such Act to pay a late filing fee of $200. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to approve requests that the fee be waived based on extraordinary circumstances. (g) Any late report that is submitted without a required filing fee shall be deemed procedurally deficient and not properly filed. (h) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to approve requests for waivers of the aggregation and reporting of gifts as provided by section 102(a)(2)(C) of the Ethics in Government Act. If such a request is approved, both the incoming request and the Committee response shall be forwarded to the Legislative Resource Center for placement on the public record. (i) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to approve blind trusts as qualifying under section 102(f)(3) of the Ethics in Government Act. The correspondence relating to formal approval of a blind trust, the trust document, the list of assets transferred to the trust, and any other documents required by law to be made public, shall be forwarded to the Legislative Resource Center for such purpose. (j) The Committee shall designate staff who shall review reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act and, based upon information contained therein, indicate in a form and manner prescribed by the Committee whether the Statement appears substantially accurate and complete and the filer appears to be in compliance with applicable laws and rules. (k) Each report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall be reviewed within 60 days after the date of filing. (l) If the reviewing staff believes that additional information is required because (1) the report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act appears not substantially accurate or complete, or (2) the filer may not be in compliance with applicable laws or rules, then the reporting individual shall be notified in writing of the additional information believed to be required, or of the law or rule with which the reporting individual does not appear to be in compliance. Such notice shall also state the time within which a response is to be submitted. Any such notice shall remain confidential. (m) Within the time specified, including any extension granted in accordance with clause (d), a reporting individual who concurs with the Committee’s notification that the report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act is not complete, or that other action is required, shall submit the necessary information or take appropriate action. Any amendment may be in the form of a revised report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act or an explanatory letter addressed to the Clerk of the House of Representatives. (n) Any amendment shall be placed on the public record in the same manner as other reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act. The individual designated by the Committee to review the original report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall review any amendment thereto. (o) Within the time specified, including any extension granted in accordance with clause (d), a reporting individual who does not agree with the Committee that the report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act is deficient or that other action is required, shall be provided an opportunity to respond orally or in writing. If the explanation is accepted, a copy of the response, if written, or a note summarizing an oral response, shall be retained in Committee files with the original report. (p) The Committee shall be the final arbiter of whether any report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act requires clarification or amendment. (q) If the Committee determines, by vote of a majority of its members, that there is reason to believe that an individual has willfully failed to file a report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act or has willfully falsified or willfully failed to file information required to be reported, then the Committee shall refer the name of the individual, together with the evidence supporting its finding, to the Attorney General pursuant to section 104(b) of the Ethics in Government Act. Such referral shall not preclude the Committee from initiating such other action as may be authorized by other provisions of law or the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 5 . MEETINGS  (a) The regular meeting day of the Committee shall be the second Tuesday of each month, except when the House of Representatives is not meeting on that day. When the Committee Chair determines that there is sufficient reason, meetings may be called on additional days. A regularly scheduled meeting need not be held when the Chair determines there is no business to be considered. (b) The Chair shall establish the agenda for meetings of the Committee, and the Ranking Minority Member may place additional items on the agenda. (c) All meetings of the Committee or any subcommittee shall occur in executive session unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, opens the meeting to the public. (d) Any hearing held by an adjudicatory subcommittee, or any sanction hearing held by the Committee, shall be open to the public unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, closes the hearing to the public. (e) A subcommittee shall meet at the discretion of its Chair. (f) Insofar as practicable, notice for any Committee or subcommittee meeting shall be provided at least seven days in advance of the meeting. The Chair of the Committee or subcommittee may waive such time period for good cause. RULE 6 . COMMITTEE STAFF  (a) The staff is to be assembled and retained as a professional, nonpartisan staff. (b) Each member of the staff shall be professional and demonstrably qualified for the position for which the individual is hired. (c) The staff as a whole and each individual member of the staff shall perform all official duties in a nonpartisan manner. (d) No member of the staff shall engage in any partisan political activity directly affecting any congressional or presidential election. (e) No member of the staff or outside counsel may accept public speaking engagements or write for publication on any subject that is in any way related to the employment or duties with the Committee of such individual without specific prior approval from the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. (f) All staff members shall be appointed by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee. Such vote shall occur at the first meeting of the membership of the Committee during each Congress and as necessary during the Congress. (g) Subject to the approval of the Committee on House Administration, the Committee may retain counsel not employed by the House of Representatives whenever the Committee determines, by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, that the retention of outside counsel is necessary and appropriate. (h) If the Committee determines that it is necessary to retain staff members for the purpose of a particular investigation or other proceeding, then such staff shall be retained only for the duration of that particular investigation or proceeding. (i) Outside counsel may be dismissed prior to the end of a contract between the Committee and such counsel only by a majority vote of the members of the Committee. (j) In addition to any other staff provided for by law, rule, or other authority, with respect to the Committee, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member each may appoint one individual as a shared staff member from the respective personal staff of the Chair or Ranking Minority Member to perform service for the Committee. Such shared staff may assist the Chair or Ranking Minority Member on any subcommittee on which the Chair or Ranking Minority Member serves. Only paragraphs (c) and (e) of this Rule and Rule 7(b) shall apply to shared staff. 
RULE 7 . CONFIDENTIALITY  (a) Before any Member or employee of the Committee, including members of an investigative subcommittee selected under clause 5(a)(4) of Rule X of the House of Representatives and shared staff designated pursuant to Committee Rule 6(j), may have access to information that is confidential under the rules of the Committee, the following oath (or affirmation) shall be executed in writing: ‘‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will not disclose, to any person or entity outside the Committee on Ethics, any information received in the course of my service with the Committee, except as authorized by the Committee or in accordance with its rules.’’ Copies of the executed oath shall be provided to the Clerk of the House as part of the 
records of the House. Breaches of confidentiality shall be investigated by the Committee and appropriate action shall be taken. (b) No member of the staff or outside counsel may make public, unless approved by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, any information, document, or other material that is confidential, derived from executive session, or classified and that is obtained during the course of employment with the Committee. (c) Committee members and staff shall not disclose any evidence relating to an investigation to any person or organization outside the Committee unless authorized by the Committee. (d) Members and staff of the Committee shall not disclose to any person or organization outside the Committee, unless authorized by the Committee, any information regarding the Committee’s or a subcommittee’s investigative, adjudicatory, or other proceedings, including but not limited to: (i) the fact or nature of any complaints; (ii) executive session proceedings; (iii) information pertaining to or copies of any Committee or subcommittee report, study or other document which purports to express the views, findings, conclusions or recommendations of the Committee or subcommittee in connection with any of its activities or proceedings; or (iv) any other information or allegation respecting the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House. This rule shall not prohibit the Chair or Ranking Minority Member from disclosing to the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics the existence of a Committee investigation, the name of the Member, officer or employee of the House who is the subject of that investigation, and a brief statement of the scope of that investigation in a written request for referral pursuant to Rule 17A(k). Such disclosures will only be made subject to written confirmation from the Board that the information provided by the Chair or Ranking Minority Member will be kept confidential by the Board. (e) Except as otherwise specifically authorized by the Committee, no Committee member or staff member shall disclose to any person outside the Committee the name of any witness subpoenaed to testify or to produce evidence. (f) Except as provided in Rule 17A, the Committee shall not disclose to any person or organization outside the Committee any information concerning the conduct of a respondent until it has transmitted a Statement of Alleged Violation to such respondent and the respondent has been given full opportunity to respond pursuant to Rule 22. The Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be made public at the first meeting or hearing on the matter that is open to the public after such opportunity has been provided. Any other materials in the possession of the Committee regarding such statement may be made public as authorized by the Committee to the extent consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. If no public hearing is held on the matter, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be included in the Committee’s final report on the matter to the House of Representatives. (g) Unless otherwise determined by a vote of the Committee, only the Chair or Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, after consultation with each other, may make public statements regarding matters before the Committee or any subcommittee. (h) The Committee may establish procedures necessary to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any testimony or other information received by the Committee or its staff. RULE 8 . SUBCOMMITTEES —GENERAL POLICY AND  
STRUCTURE  (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may consult with an investigative subcommittee either on their own initiative or on the initiative of the subcommittee, shall have access to evidence and information before a subcommittee with whom they so consult, and shall not thereby be precluded from serving as full, voting members of any adjudicatory subcommittee. Except for the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee pursuant to this paragraph, evidence in the possession of an investigative subcommittee shall not be disclosed to other Committee members except by a vote of the subcommittee. (b) The Committee may establish other noninvestigative and nonadjudicatory subcommittees and may assign to them such functions as it may deem appropriate. The membership of each subcommittee shall provide equal representation for the majority and minority parties. (c) The Chair may refer any bill, resolution, or other matter before the Committee to an appropriate subcommittee for consideration. Any such bill, resolution, or other matter may be discharged from the subcommittee to which it was referred by a majority vote of the Committee. (d) Any member of the Committee may sit with any noninvestigative or nonadjudicatory subcommittee, but only regular members of such subcommittee may vote on any matter before that subcommittee. 
DISQUALIFICATION  (a) The quorum for the Committee or an investigative subcommittee to take testimony and to receive evidence shall be two members, unless otherwise authorized by the House of Representatives. (b) The quorum for an adjudicatory subcommittee to take testimony, receive evidence, or conduct business shall consist of a majority plus one of the members of the adjudicatory subcommittee. (c) Except as stated in clauses (a) and (b) of this rule, a quorum for the purpose of conducting business consists of a majority of the members of the Committee or subcommittee. (d) A member of the Committee shall be ineligible to participate in any Committee or subcommittee proceeding in which such Member is the respondent. (e) A member of the Committee may seek disqualification from participating in any investigation of the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives upon the submission in writing and under oath of an affidavit of disqualification stating that the member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. If the Committee approves and accepts such affidavit of disqualification, the Chair shall so notify the Speaker and ask the Speaker to designate a Member of the House of Representatives from the same political party as the disqualified member of the Committee to act as a member of the Committee in any Committee proceeding relating to such investigation. 
RULE 10 . VOTE REQUIREMENTS  (a) The following actions shall be taken only upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate: (1) Issuing a subpoena. (2) Adopting a full Committee motion to create an investigative subcommittee. (3) Adopting or amending of a Statement of Alleged Violation. (4) Finding that a count in a Statement of Alleged Violation has been proved by clear and convincing evidence. (5) Sending a letter of reproval. (6) Adopting a recommendation to the House of Representatives that a sanction be imposed. (7) Adopting a report relating to the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee. (8) Issuing an advisory opinion of general applicability establishing new policy. (b) Except as stated in clause (a), action may be taken by the Committee or any subcommittee thereof by a simple majority, a quorum being present. (c) No motion made to take any of the actions enumerated in clause (a) of this Rule may be entertained by the Chair unless a quorum of the Committee is present when such motion is made. RULE 11 . COMMITTEE RECORDS  (a) All communications and all pleadings pursuant to these rules shall be filed with the Committee at the Committee’s office or such other place as designated by the Committee. (b) All records of the Committee which have been delivered to the Archivist of the United States shall be made available to the public in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
SUBCOMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS  (a) Television or radio coverage of a Committee or subcommittee hearing or meeting shall be without commercial sponsorship. (b) Not more than four television cameras, operating from fixed positions, shall be permitted in a hearing or meeting room. The Committee may allocate the positions of permitted television cameras among the television media in consultation with the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. (c) Television cameras shall be placed so as not to obstruct in any way the space between any witness giving evidence or testimony and any member of the Committee, or the visibility of that witness and that member to each other. (d) Television cameras shall not be placed in positions that unnecessarily obstruct the coverage of the hearing or meeting by the other media. PARTII—I NVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITY  
RULE 13 . HOUSE RESOLUTION  Whenever the House of Representatives, by resolution, authorizes or directs the Committee to undertake an inquiry or investigation, the provisions of the resolution, in conjunction with these Rules, shall govern. To the extent the provisions of the resolution differ from these Rules, the resolution shall control. 
INVESTIGATE —GENERAL POLICY  (a) Pursuant to clause 3(b) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee may exercise its investigative authority when: (1) information offered as a complaint by a Member of the House of Representatives is transmitted directly to the Committee; (2) information offered as a complaint by an individual not a Member of the House is transmitted to the Committee, provided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the information is submitted in good faith and warrants the review and consideration of the Committee; (3) the Committee, on its own initiative, undertakes an investigation; (4) a Member, officer, or employee is convicted in a Federal, State, or local court of a felony; 
(5) the House of Representatives, by resolution, authorizes or directs the Committee to undertake an inquiry or investigation; or (6) a referral from the Board is transmitted to the Committee. (b) The Committee also has investigatory authority over: (1) certain unauthorized disclosures of intelligencerelated information, pursuant to House Rule X, clauses 11(g)(4) and (g)(5); and (2) reports received from the Office of the Inspector General pursuant to House Rule II, clause 6(c)(5). 
RULE 15 . COMPLAINTS  (a) A complaint submitted to the Committee shall be in writing, dated, and properly verified (a document will be considered properly verified where a notary executes it with the language, ‘‘Signed and sworn to (or affirmed) before me on (date) by (the name of the person))’’ setting forth in simple, concise, and direct statements— (1) the name and legal address of the party filing the complaint (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘complainant’’); (2) the name and position or title of the respondent; (3) the nature of the alleged violation of the Code of Official Conduct or of other law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the performance of duties or discharge of responsibilities; and (4) the facts alleged to give rise to the violation. The complaint shall not contain innuendo, speculative assertions, or conclusory statements. (b) Any documents in the possession of the complainant that relate to the allegations may be submitted with the complaint. (c) Information offered as a complaint by a Member of the House of Representatives may be transmitted directly to the Committee. (d) Information offered as a complaint by an individual not a Member of the House may be transmitted to the Committee, provided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the information is submitted in good faith and warrants the review and consideration of the Committee. (e) A complaint must be accompanied by a certification, which may be unsworn, that the complainant has provided an exact copy of the filed complaint and all attachments to the respondent. (f) The Committee may defer action on a complaint against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives when the complaint alleges conduct that the Committee has reason to believe is being reviewed by appropriate law enforcement or regulatory authorities, or when the Committee determines that it is appropriate for the conduct alleged in the complaint to be reviewed initially by law enforcement or regulatory authorities. (g) A complaint may not be amended without leave of the Committee. Otherwise, any new allegations of improper conduct must be submitted in a new complaint that independently meets the procedural requirements of the Rules of the House of Representatives and the Committee’s Rules. (h) The Committee shall not accept, and shall return to the complainant, any complaint submitted within the 60 days prior to an election in which the subject of the complaint is a candidate. (i) The Committee shall not consider a complaint, nor shall any investigation be undertaken by the Committee, of any alleged violation which occurred before the third previous Congress unless the Committee determines that the alleged violation is directly related to an alleged violation which occurred in a more recent Congress. RULE 16 . DUTIES OF COMMITTEE CHAIR AND  
RANKING MINORITY MEMBER  (a) Whenever information offered as a complaint is submitted to the Committee, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member shall have 14 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever occurs first, to determine whether the information meets the requirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint. (b) Whenever the Chair and Ranking Minority Member jointly determine that information submitted to the Committee meets the requirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint, they shall have 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever is later, after the date that the Chair and Ranking Minority Member determine that information filed meets the requirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint, unless the Committee by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members votes otherwise, to— (1) recommend to the Committee that it dispose of the complaint, or any portion thereof, in any manner that does not require action by the House, which may include dismissal of the complaint or resolution of the complaint by a letter to the Member, officer, or employee of the House against whom the complaint is made; (2) establish an investigative subcommittee; or (3) request that the Committee extend the applicable 45calendar day period when they determine more time is necessary in order to make a recommendation under paragraph (1) or (2) of Rule 16(b). (c) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member may jointly gather additional information concerning alleged conduct which is the basis of a complaint or of information offered as a complaint until they have established an investigative subcommittee or the Chair or Ranking Minority Member has placed on the agenda the issue of whether to establish an investigative subcommittee. (d) If the Chair and Ranking Minority Member jointly determine that information submitted to the Committee meets the requirements of the Committee rules for what constitutes a complaint, and the complaint is not disposed of within 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever is later, and no additional 45day extension is made, then they shall establish an investigative subcommittee and forward the complaint, or any portion thereof, to that subcommittee for its consideration. If at any time during the time period either the Chair or Ranking Minority Member places on the agenda the issue of whether to establish an investigative subcommittee, then an investigative subcommittee may be established only by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee. (e) Whenever the Chair and Ranking Minority Member jointly determine that information submitted to the Committee does not meet the requirements for what constitutes a complaint set forth in the Committee rules, they may (1) return the information to the complainant with a statement that it fails to meet the requirements for what constitutes a complaint set forth in the Committee’s rules; or (2) recommend to the Committee that it authorize the establishment of an investigative subcommittee. 
RULE 17 . PROCESSING OF COMPLAINTS  (a) If a complaint is in compliance with House and Committee Rules, a copy of the complaint and the Committee Rules shall be forwarded to the respondent within 5 days with notice that the complaint conforms to the applicable rules. (b) The respondent may, within 30 days of the Committee’s notification, provide to the Committee any information relevant to a complaint filed with the Committee. The respondent may submit a written statement in response to the complaint. Such a statement shall be signed by the respondent. If the statement is prepared by counsel for the respondent, the respondent shall sign a representation that the respondent has reviewed the response and agrees with the factual assertions contained therein. (c) The Committee staff may request information from the respondent or obtain additional information relevant to the case from other sources prior to the establishment of an investigative subcommittee only when so directed by the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. (d) The respondent shall be notified in writing regarding the Committee’s decision either to dismiss the complaint or to create an investigative subcommittee. RULE 17A . REFERRALS FROM THE BOARD OF THE  
OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS  (a) The Committee has exclusive jurisdiction over the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the Code of Official Conduct pursuant to clause 1(g) of House Rule X. Receipt of referrals from the Board under this rule does not limit the Committee’s discretion to address referrals in any way through the appropriate procedures authorized by Committee Rules. The Committee shall review the report and findings transmitted by the Board without prejudice or presumptions as to the merit of the allegations. (b)(1) Whenever the Committee receives either (A) a referral containing a written report and any findings and supporting documentation from the Board; or (B) a referral from the Board pursuant to a request under Rule 17A(k), the Chair shall have 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days after the date the referral is received, whichever is later, to make public the report and findings of the Board unless the Chair and Ranking Minority Member jointly decide, or the Committee votes, to withhold such information for not more than one additional 45day period. (2) At least one calendar day before the Committee makes public any report and findings of the Board, the Chair shall notify in writing the Board and the Member, officer, or employee who is the subject of the referral of the impending public release of these documents. At the same time, the Chair shall transmit a copy of any public statement on the Committee’s disposition of the matter and any accompanying Committee report to the individual who is the subject of the referral. (3) All public statements and reports and findings of the Board that are required to be made public under this Rule shall be posted on the Committee’s website. (c) If the OCE report and findings are withheld for an additional 45day period pursuant to paragraph (b)(1), the Chair shall— (1) make a public statement on the day of such decision or vote that the matter referred from the Board has been extended; and (2) make public the written report and findings pursuant to paragraph (b) upon the termination of such additional period. (d) If the Board transmits a report with a recommendation to dismiss or noting a matter as unresolved due to a tie vote, and the matter is extended for an additional period as provided in paragraph (b), the Committee is not required to make a public statement that the matter has been extended pursuant to paragraph (b)(1). (e) If the Committee votes to dismiss a matter referred from the Board, the Committee is not required to make public the written report and findings of the Board pursuant to paragraph (c) unless the Committee’s vote is inconsistent with the recommendation of the Board. A vote by the 
Committee to dismiss a matter is not considered inconsistent with a report from the Board that the matter is unresolved by the Board due to a tie vote. (f) Except as provided by paragraph (g): (1) If the Committee establishes an investigative subcommittee respecting any matter referred by the Board, then the report and findings of the Board shall not be made public until the conclusion of the investigative subcommittee process. The Committee shall issue a public statement noting the establishment of an investigative subcommittee, which shall include the name of the Member, officer, or employee who is the subject of the inquiry, and shall set forth the alleged violation. (2) If any such investigative subcommittee does not conclude its review within one year after the Board’s referral, then the Committee shall make public the report of the Board no later than one year after the referral. If the investigative subcommittee does not conclude its review before the end of the Congress in which the report of the Board is made public, the Committee shall make public any findings of the Board on the last day of that Congress. (g) If the vote of the Committee is a tie or the Committee fails to act by the close of any applicable period(s) under this rule, the report and the findings of the Board shall be made public by the Committee, along with a public statement by the Chair explaining the status of the matter. (h)(1) If the Committee agrees to a request from an appropriate law enforcement or regulatory authority to defer taking action on a matter referred by the Board under paragraph (b)— (A) The Committee is not required to make public the written report and findings of the Board pursuant to paragraph (c), except that if the recommendation of the Board is that the matter requires further review, the Committee shall make public the written report of the Board but not the findings; and (B) The Committee shall make a public statement that it is deferring taking action on the matter at the request of such law enforcement or regulatory authority within one day (excluding weekends and public holidays) of the day that the Committee agrees to the request. (2) If the Committee has not acted on the matter within one year of the date the public statement described in paragraph (h)(1)(B) is released, the Committee shall make a public statement that it continues to defer taking action on the matter. The Committee shall make a new statement upon the expiration of each succeeding oneyear period during which the Committee has not acted on the matter. (i) The Committee shall not accept, and shall return to the Board, any referral from the Board within 60 days before a Federal, State, or local election in which the subject of the referral is a candidate. (j) The Committee may postpone any reporting requirement under this rule that falls within that 60day period until after the date of the election in which the subject of the referral is a candidate. For purposes of calculating any applicable period under this Rule, any days within the 60day period before such an election shall not be counted. (k)(1) At any time after the Committee receives written notification from the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics that the Board is undertaking a review of alleged conduct of any Member, officer, or employee of the House at a time when the Committee is investigating, or has completed an investigation of the same matter, the Committee may so notify the Board in writing and request that the Board cease its review and refer the matter to the Committee for its consideration immediately. The Committee shall also notify the Board in writing if the Committee has not reached a final resolution of the matter or has not referred the matter to the appropriate Federal or State authorities by the end of any applicable time period specified in Rule 17A (including any permissible extension). (2) The Committee may not request a second referral of the matter from the Board if the Committee has notified the Board that it is unable to resolve the matter previously requested pursuant to this section. The Board may subsequently send a referral regarding a matter previously requested and returned by the Committee after the conclusion of the Board’s review process. 
INVESTIGATION  (a) Notwithstanding the absence of a filed complaint, the Committee may consider any information in its possession indicating that a Member, officer, or employee may have committed a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or any law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the conduct of such Member, officer, or employee in the performance of the duties or the discharge of the responsibilities of such individual. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member may jointly gather additional information concerning such an alleged violation by a Member, officer, or employee unless and until an investigative subcommittee has been established. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member may also jointly take appropriate action consistent with Committee Rules to resolve the matter. (b) If the Committee votes to establish an investigative subcommittee, the Committee shall proceed in accordance with Rule 19. (c) Any written request by a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives that the Committee conduct an investigation into such person’s own conduct shall be considered in accordance with subsection (a) of this Rule. (d) An inquiry shall not be undertaken regarding any alleged violation that occurred before the third previous Congress unless a majority of the Committee determines that the alleged violation is directly related to an alleged violation that occurred in a more recent Congress. (e)(1) An inquiry shall be undertaken by an investigative subcommittee with regard to any felony conviction of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives in a Federal, State, or local court who has been sentenced. Notwithstanding this provision, the Committee has the discretion to initiate an inquiry upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee at any time prior to conviction or sentencing. (2) Not later than 30 days after a Member of the House is indicted or otherwise formally charged with criminal conduct in any Federal, State, or local court, the Committee shall either initiate an inquiry upon a majority vote of the members of the Committee or submit a report to the House describing its reasons for not initiating an inquiry and describing the actions, if any, that the Committee has taken in response to the allegations. 
RULE 19 . INVESTIGATIVE SUBCOMMITTEE  (a)(1) Upon the establishment of an investigative subcommittee, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall designate four members (with equal representation from the majority and minority parties) to serve as an investigative subcommittee to undertake an inquiry. Members of the Committee and Members of the House selected pursuant to clause 5(a)(4)(A) of Rule X of the House of Representatives are eligible for appointment to an investigative subcommittee, as determined by the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. At the time of appointment, the Chair shall designate one member of the subcommittee to serve as the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member shall designate one member of the subcommittee to serve as the ranking minority member of the investigative subcommittee. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may serve as members of an investigative subcommittee, but may not serve as nonvoting, exofficio members. (2) The respondent shall be notified of the membership of the investigative subcommittee and shall have 10 days after such notice is transmitted to object to the participation of any subcommittee member. Such objection shall be in writing and must be on the grounds that the subcommittee member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. The members of the Committee shall engage in a collegial discussion regarding such objection. The subcommittee member against whom the objection is made shall be the sole judge of any disqualification and may choose to seek disqualification from participating in the inquiry pursuant to Rule 9(e). (b) In an inquiry undertaken by an investigative subcommittee— (1) All proceedings, including the taking of testimony, shall be conducted in executive session and all testimony taken by deposition or things produced pursuant to subpoena or otherwise shall be deemed to have been taken or produced in executive session. (2) The Chair of the investigative subcommittee shall ask the respondent and all witnesses whether they intend to be represented by counsel. If so, the respondent or witnesses or their legal representatives shall provide written designation of counsel. A respondent or witness who is represented by counsel shall not be questioned in the absence of counsel unless an explicit waiver is obtained. (3) The subcommittee shall provide the respondent an opportunity to present, orally or in writing, a statement, which must be under oath or affirmation, regarding the allegations and any other relevant questions arising out of the inquiry. (4) The staff may interview witnesses, examine documents and other evidence, and request that submitted statements be under oath or affirmation and that documents be certified as to their authenticity and accuracy. (5) The subcommittee, by a majority vote of its members, may require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, documents, and other items as it deems necessary to the conduct of the inquiry. Unless the Committee otherwise provides, the subpoena power shall rest in the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee and a subpoena shall be issued upon the request of the investigative subcommittee. (6) The subcommittee shall require that testimony be given under oath or affirmation. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testimony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be administered by the Chair or subcommittee member designated by the Chair to administer oaths. (c) During the inquiry, the procedure respecting the admissibility of evidence and rulings shall be as follows: (1) Any relevant evidence shall be admissible unless the evidence is privileged under 
the precedents of the House of Representatives. (2) The Chair of the subcommittee or other presiding member at any investigative subcommittee proceeding shall rule upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any rulings to the members present at that proceeding. A majority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such appeal shall govern the question of admissibility, and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. (3) Whenever a person is determined by a majority vote to be in contempt of the subcommittee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to determine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. (4) Committee counsel may, subject to subcommittee approval, enter into stipulations with the respondent and/or the respondent’s counsel as to facts that are not in dispute. (d) Upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the subcommittee members, and an affirmative vote of a majority of the full Committee, an investigative subcommittee may expand the scope of its inquiry. (e) Upon completion of the inquiry, the staff shall draft for the investigative subcommittee a report that shall contain a comprehensive summary of the information received regarding the alleged violations. (f) Upon completion of the inquiry, an investigative subcommittee, by a majority vote of its members, may adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation if it determines that there is substantial reason to believe that a violation of the Code of Official Conduct, or of a law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities by a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives has occurred. If more than one violation is alleged, such Statement shall be divided into separate counts. Each count shall relate to a separate violation, shall contain a plain and concise statement of the alleged facts of such violation, and shall include a reference to the provision of the Code of Official Conduct or law, rule, regulation, or other applicable standard of conduct governing the performance of duties or discharge of responsibilities alleged to have been violated. A copy of such Statement shall be transmitted to the respondent and the respondent’s counsel. (g) If the investigative subcommittee does not adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation, it shall transmit to the Committee a report containing a summary of the information received in the inquiry, its conclusions and reasons therefore, and any appropriate recommendation. 
ALLEGED VIOLATION  (a) An investigative subcommittee may, upon an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, amend its Statement of Alleged Violation anytime before the Statement of Alleged Violation is transmitted to the Committee; and (b) If an investigative subcommittee amends its Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent shall be notified in writing and shall have 30 calendar days from the date of that notification to file an answer to the amended Statement of Alleged Violation. 
RULE 21 . COMMITTEE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  (a) Whenever an investigative subcommittee does not adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation and transmits a report to that effect to the Committee, the Committee may by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members transmit such report to the House of Representatives; (b) Whenever an investigative subcommittee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation but recommends that no further action be taken, it shall transmit a report to the Committee regarding the Statement of Alleged Violation; and (c) Whenever an investigative subcommittee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent admits to the violations set forth in such Statement, the respondent waives the right to an adjudicatory hearing, and the respondent’s waiver is approved by the Committee— (1) the subcommittee shall prepare a report for transmittal to the Committee, a final draft of which shall be provided to the respondent not less than 15 calendar days before the subcommittee votes on whether to adopt the report; (2) the respondent may submit views in writing regarding the final draft to the subcommittee within 7 calendar days of receipt of that draft; (3) the subcommittee shall transmit a report to the Committee regarding the Statement of Alleged Violation together with any views submitted by the respondent pursuant to subparagraph (2), and the Committee shall make the report, together with the respondent’s views, available to the public before the commencement of any sanction hearing; and (4) the Committee shall by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members issue a report and transmit such report to the House of Representatives, together with the respondent’s views previously submitted pursuant to subparagraph (2) and any additional views respondent may submit for attachment to the final report; and (d) Members of the Committee shall have not less than 72 hours to review any report transmitted to the Committee by an investigative subcommittee before both the commencement of a sanction hearing and the Committee vote on whether to adopt the report. RULE 22 . RESPONDENT ’S ANSWER  (a)(1) Within 30 days from the date of transmittal of a Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent shall file with the investigative subcommittee an answer, in writing and under oath, signed by respondent and respondent’s counsel. Failure to file an answer within the time prescribed shall be considered by the Committee as a denial of each count. (2) The answer shall contain an admission to or denial of each count set forth in the Statement of Alleged Violation and may include negative, affirmative, or alternative defenses and any supporting evidence or other relevant information. (b) The respondent may file a Motion for a Bill of Particulars within 10 days of the date of transmittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation. If a Motion for a Bill of Particulars is filed, the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 20 days after the subcommittee has replied to such motion. (c)(1) The respondent may file a Motion to Dismiss within 10 days of the date of transmittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation or, if a Motion for a Bill of Particulars has been filed, within 10 days of the date of the subcommittee’s reply to the Motion for a Bill of Particulars. If a Motion to Dismiss is filed, the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 20 days after the subcommittee has replied to the Motion to Dismiss, unless the respondent previously filed a Motion for a Bill of Particulars, in which case the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 10 days after the subcommittee has replied to the Motion to Dismiss. The investigative subcommittee shall rule upon any motion to dismiss filed during the period between the establishment of the subcommittee and the subcommittee’s transmittal of a report or Statement of Alleged Violation to the Committee or to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member at the conclusion of an inquiry, and no appeal of the subcommittee’s ruling shall lie to the Committee. (2) A Motion to Dismiss may be made on the grounds that the Statement of Alleged Violation fails to state facts that constitute a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or other applicable law, rule, regulation, or standard of conduct, or on the grounds that the Committee lacks jurisdiction to consider the allegations contained in the Statement. (d) Any motion filed with the subcommittee pursuant to this rule shall be accompanied by a Memorandum of Points and Authorities. (e)(1) The Chair of the investigative subcommittee, for good cause shown, may permit the respondent to file an answer or motion after the day prescribed above. (2) If the ability of the respondent to present an adequate defense is not adversely affected and special circumstances so require, the Chair of the investigative subcommittee may direct the respondent to file an answer or motion prior to the day prescribed above. (f) If the day on which any answer, motion, reply, or other pleading must be filed falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday, such filing shall be made on the first business day thereafter. (g) As soon as practicable after an answer has been filed or the time for such filing has expired, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any answer, motion, reply, or other pleading connected therewith shall be transmitted by the Chair of the investigative subcommittee to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. RULE 23 . ADJUDICATORY HEARINGS  (a) If a Statement of Alleged Violation is transmitted to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member pursuant to Rule 22, and no waiver pursuant to Rule 26(b) has occurred, the Chair shall designate the members of the Committee who did not serve on the investigative subcommittee to serve on an adjudicatory subcommittee. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall be the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the adjudicatory subcommittee unless they served on the investigative subcommittee. The respondent shall be notified of the designation of the adjudicatory subcommittee and shall have 10 days after such notice is transmitted to object to the participation of any subcommittee member. Such objection shall be in writing and shall be on the grounds that the member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. The members of the Committee shall engage in a collegial discussion regarding such objection. The member against whom the objection is made shall be the sole judge of any disqualification and may choose to seek disqualification from serving on the subcommittee pursuant to Rule 9(e). (b) A majority of the adjudicatory subcommittee membership plus one must be present at all times for the conduct of any business pursuant to this rule. (c) The adjudicatory subcommittee shall hold a hearing to determine whether any counts in the Statement of Alleged Violation have been proved by clear and convincing evidence and shall make findings of fact, except where such violations have been admitted by respondent. 
(d) The subcommittee may require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, documents, and other items as it deems necessary. A subpoena for documents may specify terms of return other than at a meeting or hearing of the subcommittee. Depositions, interrogatories, and sworn statements taken under any investigative subcommittee direction may be accepted into the hearing record. (e) The procedures set forth in clause 2(g)(1)–(4), (6)–(7) and (k) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives shall apply to adjudicatory hearings. All such hearings shall be open to the public unless the adjudicatory subcommittee, pursuant to such clause, determines that the hearings or any part thereof should be closed. (f)(1) The adjudicatory subcommittee shall, in writing, notify the respondent that the respondent and respondent’s counsel have the right to inspect, review, copy, or photograph books, papers, documents, photographs, or other tangible objects that committee counsel intends to use as evidence against the respondent in an adjudicatory hearing. The respondent shall be given access to such evidence, and shall be provided the names of witnesses committee counsel intends to call, and a summary of their expected testimony, no less than 15 calendar days prior to any such hearing. Except in extraordinary circumstances, no evidence may be introduced or witness called in an adjudicatory hearing unless the respondent has been afforded a prior opportunity to review such evidence or has been provided the name of the witness. (2) After a witness has testified on direct examination at an adjudicatory hearing, the Committee, at the request of the respondent, shall make available to the respondent any statement of the witness in the possession of the Committee which relates to the subject matter as to which the witness has testified. (3) Any other testimony, statement, or documentary evidence in the possession of the Committee which is material to the respondent’s defense shall, upon request, be made available to the respondent. (g) No less than 5 days prior to the hearing, the respondent or counsel shall provide the adjudicatory subcommittee with the names of witnesses expected to be called, summaries of their expected testimony, and copies of any documents or other evidence proposed to be introduced. (h) The respondent or counsel may apply to the subcommittee for the issuance of subpoenas for the appearance of witnesses or the production of evidence. The application shall be granted upon a showing by the respondent that the proposed testimony or evidence is relevant and not otherwise available to respondent. The application may be denied if not made at a reasonable time or if the testimony or evidence would be merely cumulative. (i) No later than two weeks or 5 legislative days after the Chair of the Committee designates members to serve on an adjudicatory subcommittee, whichever is later, the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee shall establish a schedule and procedure for the hearing and for prehearing matters. The procedures may be changed either by the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee or by a majority vote of the members of the subcommittee. If the Chair makes prehearing rulings upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, the Chair shall make available those rulings to all subcommittee members at the time of the ruling. (j) The procedures regarding the admissibility of evidence and rulings shall be as follows: (1) Any relevant evidence shall be admissible unless the evidence is privileged under the precedents of the House of Representatives. (2) The Chair of the subcommittee or other presiding member at an adjudicatory subcommittee hearing shall rule upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any ruling to the members present at that proceeding. A majority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such an appeal shall govern the question of admissibility and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. (3) Whenever a witness is deemed by a Chair or other presiding member to be in contempt of the subcommittee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to determine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. (4) Committee counsel may, subject to subcommittee approval, enter into stipulations with the respondent and/or the respondent’s counsel as to facts that are not in dispute. (k) Unless otherwise provided, the order of an adjudicatory hearing shall be as follows: (1) The Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee shall open the hearing with equal time and during which time, the Chair shall state the adjudicatory subcommittee’s authority to conduct the hearing and the purpose of the hearing. (2) The Chair shall then recognize Committee counsel and the respondent’s counsel, in turn, for the purpose of giving opening statements. (3) Testimony from witnesses and other relevant evidence shall be received in the following order whenever possible: (i) witnesses (deposition transcripts and affidavits obtained during the inquiry may be used in lieu of live witnesses) and other evidence offered by the Committee counsel, (ii) witnesses and other evidence offered by the respondent, (iii) rebuttal witnesses, as permitted by the Chair. (4) Witnesses at a hearing shall be examined first by counsel calling such witness. The opposing counsel may then crossexamine the witness. Redirect examination and recross examination by counsel may be permitted at the Chair’s discretion. Subcommittee members may then question witnesses. Unless otherwise directed by the Chair, questions by Subcommittee members shall be conducted under the fiveminute rule. (5) The Chair shall then recognize Committee counsel and respondent’s counsel, in turn, for the purpose of giving closing arguments. Committee counsel may reserve time for rebuttal argument, as permitted by the Chair. (l) A subpoena to a witness to appear at a hearing shall be served sufficiently in advance of that witness’ scheduled appearance to allow the witness a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee, to prepare for the hearing and to employ counsel. (m) Each witness appearing before the subcommittee shall be furnished a printed copy of the Committee rules, the relevant provisions of the Rules of the House of Representatives applicable to the rights of witnesses, and a copy of the Statement of Alleged Violation. (n) Testimony of all witnesses shall be taken under oath or affirmation. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testimony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be administered by the Chair or Committee member designated by the Chair to administer oaths. (o) At an adjudicatory hearing, the burden of proof rests on Committee counsel to establish the facts alleged in the Statement of Alleged Violation by clear and convincing evidence. However, Committee counsel need not present any evidence regarding any count that is admitted by the respondent or any fact stipulated. Committee counsel or respondent’s counsel may move the adjudicatory subcommittee to make a finding that there is no material fact at issue. If the adjudicatory subcommittee finds that there is no material fact at issue, the burden of proof will be deemed satisfied. (p) As soon as practicable after all testimony and evidence have been presented, the subcommittee shall consider each count contained in the Statement of Alleged Violation and shall determine by a majority vote of its members whether each count has been proved. If a majority of the subcommittee does not vote that a count has been proved, a motion to reconsider that vote may be made only by a member who voted that the count was not proved. A count that is not proved shall be considered as dismissed by the subcommittee. (q) The findings of the adjudicatory subcommittee shall be reported to the Committee. 
RULE 24 . SANCTION HEARING AND CONSIDER ATION OF SANCTIONS OR OTHER RECOMMENDA TIONS  (a) If no count in a Statement of Alleged Violation is proved, the Committee shall prepare a report to the House of Representatives, based upon the report of the adjudicatory subcommittee. (b) If an adjudicatory subcommittee completes an adjudicatory hearing pursuant to Rule 23 and reports that any count of the Statement of Alleged Violation has been proved, a hearing before the Committee shall be held to receive oral and/or written submissions by counsel for the Committee and counsel for the respondent as to the sanction the Committee should recommend to the House of Representatives with respect to such violations. Testimony by witnesses shall not be heard except by written request and vote of a majority of the Committee. (c) Upon completion of any proceeding held pursuant to clause (b), the Committee shall consider and vote on a motion to recommend to the House of Representatives that the House take disciplinary action. If a majority of the Committee does not vote in favor of the recommendation that the House of Representatives take action, a motion to reconsider that vote may be made only by a member who voted against the recommendation. The Committee may also, by majority vote, adopt a motion to issue a Letter of Reproval or take other appropriate Committee action. (d) If the Committee determines a Letter of Reproval constitutes sufficient action, the Committee shall include any such letter as a part of its report to the House of Representatives. (e) With respect to any proved counts against a Member of the House of Representatives, the Committee may recommend to the House one or more of the following sanctions: (1) Expulsion from the House of Representatives. (2) Censure. (3) Reprimand. (4) Fine. (5) Denial or limitation of any right, power, privilege, or immunity of the Member if under the Constitution the House of Representatives may impose such denial or limitation. 
(6) Any other sanction determined by the Committee to be appropriate. (f) With respect to any proved counts against an officer or employee of the House of Representatives, the Committee may recommend to the House one or more of the following sanctions: (1) Dismissal from employment. (2) Reprimand. (3) Fine. (4) Any other sanction determined by the Committee to be appropriate. (g) With respect to the sanctions that the Committee may recommend, reprimand is appropriate for serious violations, censure is appropriate for more serious violations, and expulsion of a Member or dismissal of an officer or employee is appropriate for the most serious violations. A recommendation of a fine is appropriate in a case in which it is likely that the violation was committed to secure a personal financial benefit; and a recommendation of a denial or limitation of a right, power, privilege, or immunity of a Member is appropriate when the violation bears upon the exercise or holding of such right, power, privilege, or immunity. This clause sets forth general guidelines and does not limit the authority of the Committee to recommend other sanctions. (h) The Committee report shall contain an appropriate statement of the evidence supporting the Committee’s findings and a statement of the Committee’s reasons for the recommended sanction. 
INFORMATION TO RESPONDENT  If the Committee, or any investigative or adjudicatory subcommittee at any time receives any exculpatory information respecting a Complaint or Statement of Alleged Violation concerning a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives, it shall make such information known and available to the Member, officer, or employee as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the transmittal of evidence supporting a proposed Statement of Alleged Violation pursuant to Rule 26(c). If an investigative subcommittee does not adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation, it shall identify any exculpatory information in its possession at the conclusion of its inquiry and shall include such information, if any, in the subcommittee’s final report to the Committee regarding its inquiry. For purposes of this rule, exculpatory evidence shall be any evidence or information that is substantially favorable to the respondent with respect to the allegations or charges before an investigative or adjudicatory subcommittee. 
WITNESSES  (a) A respondent shall be informed of the right to be represented by counsel, to be provided at the respondent’s own expense. (b) A respondent may seek to waive any procedural rights or steps in the disciplinary process. A request for waiver must be in writing, signed by the respondent, and must detail what procedural steps the respondent seeks to waive. Any such request shall be subject to the acceptance of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate. (c) Not less than 10 calendar days before a scheduled vote by an investigative subcommittee on a Statement of Alleged Violation, the subcommittee shall provide the respondent with a copy of the Statement of Alleged Violation it intends to adopt together with all evidence it intends to use to prove those charges which it intends to adopt, including documentary evidence, witness testimony, memoranda of witness interviews, and physical evidence, unless the subcommittee by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members decides to withhold certain evidence in order to protect a witness, but if such evidence is withheld, the subcommittee shall inform the respondent that evidence is being withheld and of the count to which such evidence relates. (d) Neither the respondent nor respondent’s counsel shall, directly or indirectly, contact the subcommittee or any member thereof during the period of time set forth in paragraph (c) except for the sole purpose of settlement discussions where counsels for the respondent and the subcommittee are present. (e) If, at any time after the issuance of a Statement of Alleged Violation, the Committee or any subcommittee thereof determines that it intends to use evidence not provided to a respondent under paragraph (c) to prove the charges contained in the Statement of Alleged Violation (or any amendment thereof), such evidence shall be made immediately available to the respondent, and it may be used in any further proceeding under the Committee’s rules. (f) Evidence provided pursuant to paragraph (c) or (e) shall be made available to the respondent and respondent’s counsel only after each agrees, in writing, that no document, information, or other materials obtained pursuant to that paragraph shall be made public until— (1) such time as a Statement of Alleged Violation is made public by the Committee if the respondent has waived the adjudicatory hearing; or (2) the commencement of an adjudicatory hearing if the respondent has not waived an adjudicatory hearing; but the failure of respondent and respondent’s counsel to so agree in writing, and therefore not receive the evidence, shall not preclude the issuance of a Statement of Alleged Violation at the end of the period referenced in (c). (g) A respondent shall receive written notice whenever— (1) the Chair and Ranking Minority Member determine that information the Committee has received constitutes a complaint; (2) a complaint or allegation is transmitted to an investigative subcommittee; (3) that subcommittee votes to authorize its first subpoena or to take testimony under oath, whichever occurs first; or (4) that subcommittee or the Committee votes to expand the scope of the inquiry of the investigative subcommittee. (h) Whenever an investigative subcommittee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation and a respondent enters into an agreement with that subcommittee to settle a complaint on which the Statement is based, that agreement, unless the respondent requests otherwise, shall be in writing and signed by the respondent and the respondent’s counsel, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, and outside counsel, if any. (i) Statements or information derived solely from a respondent or respondent’s counsel during any settlement discussions between the Committee or a subcommittee thereof and the respondent shall not be included in any report of the subcommittee or the Committee or otherwise publicly disclosed without the consent of the respondent. (j) Whenever a motion to establish an investigative subcommittee does not prevail, the Committee shall promptly send a letter to the respondent informing the respondent of such vote. (k) Witnesses shall be afforded a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Committee or subcommittee, to prepare for an appearance before an investigative subcommittee or for an adjudicatory hearing and to obtain counsel. (l) Prior to their testimony, witnesses shall be furnished a printed copy of the Committee’s Rules of Procedure and the provisions of the Rules of the House of Representatives applicable to the rights of witnesses. (m) Witnesses may be accompanied by their own counsel for the purpose of advising them concerning their constitutional rights. The Chair may punish breaches of order and decorum, and of professional responsibility on the part of counsel, by censure and exclusion from the hearings; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House of Representatives for contempt. (n) Each witness subpoenaed to provide testimony or other evidence shall be provided the same per diem rate as established, authorized, and regulated by the Committee on House Administration for Members, officers and employees of the House, and, as the Chair considers appropriate, actual expenses of travel to or from the place of examination. No compensation shall be authorized for attorney’s fees or for a witness’ lost earnings. Such per diem may not be paid if a witness had been summoned at the place of examination. (o) With the approval of the Committee, a witness, upon request, may be provided with a transcript of the witness’ own deposition or other testimony taken in executive session, or, with the approval of the Chair and Ranking Minority Member, may be permitted to examine such transcript in the office of the Committee. Any such request shall be in writing and shall include a statement that the witness, and counsel, agree to maintain the confidentiality of all executive session proceedings covered by such transcript. RULE 27 . FRIVOLOUS FILINGS  If a complaint or information offered as a complaint is deemed frivolous by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, the Committee may take such action as it, by an affirmative vote of a majority, deems appropriate in the circumstances. 
AUTHORITIES  Referrals made under clause 3(a)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives may be made by an affirmative vote of twothirds of the members of the Committee. f 
SENATE ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled joint resolution of the Senate of the following title: 
S.J. Res. 34. Joint Resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, April 3, 2017, at noon for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
940. A letter from the Acting Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting the Annual Report to Congress on the Activities of the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation for 2016, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2166(i); Public Law 106398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 107314, Sec. 932(a)(1)); (116 Stat. 2625); to the Committee on Armed Services. 941. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department of Defense Chemical Demilitarization Program SemiAnnual Report to Congress for March 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1521(j); Public Law 99145, Sec. 1412 (as amended by Public Law 112239, Sec. 1421(a)); (126 Stat. 204); to the Committee on Armed Services. 942. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing five officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 943. A letter from the Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of Brivaracetam Into Schedule V [Docket No.: DEA435] received March 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 944. A letter from the Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of FDAApproved Products of Oral Solutions Containing Dronabinol [(—)delta9trans tetrahydrocannabinol (delta9THC)] in Schedule II [Docket No.: DEA344] received March 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 945. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘DHCD Should Improve Management of the Housing Production Trust Fund to Better Meet Affordable Housing Goals’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 455(d); (87 Stat. 803); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 946. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘Internal Control Weaknesses Found in the Marion S. Barry Summer Youth Employment Program’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 455(d); (87 Stat. 803); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 947. A letter from the Assistant Director for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 948. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification of designation of acting officer and a notification of discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 949. A letter from the EEO Director, Office of Civil Rights and Equal Opportunity, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 950. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘Debt Collection Recovery Activities of the Department of Justice for Civil Debts Referred for Collection Annual Report for Fiscal Year 2016’’, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3718(c); Public Law 97 452, Sec. 1(16)(A) (as amended by Public Law 99578, Sec. 1(4)); (100 Stat. 3305); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 951. A letter from the Staff Director, United States Sentencing Commission, transmitting a report on the compliance of the federal district courts with documentation submission requirements of 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(1), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(3); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 952. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting notification that the Department takes no position on enactment of H.R. 654, the Pacific Northwest Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2017; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. House Resolution 186. Resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax returns and other specified financial information of President Donald J. Trump; adversely (Rept. 115–73). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. ROYCE of California, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ERA, Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. D ENT, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H ECK, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. NADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. NORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. PETERS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. SINEMA , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. EVANS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R EED, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. MOORE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. COOPER , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. SARBANES , Mr. TROTT , Mr. L ANCE , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. STIVERS , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. VALADAO , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. P AULSEN , Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. HURD, Mr. B ACON , and Mr. BERGMAN ): H.R. 19. A bill to establish in the Smithsonian Institution a comprehensive women’s history museum, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 1800. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense programs; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1801. A bill to delay the effective date of the final rule of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection titled ‘‘Prepaid Accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (Regulation E) and the Truth In Lending Act (Regulation Z)‘‘; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, and Mrs. RADEWAGEN ): H.R. 1802. A bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 1803. A bill to establish the Constitutional Government Review Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1804. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a 3year recovery period for all race horses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1805. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the holding period used to determine whether horses are section 1231 assets to 12 months; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1806. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the expensing of race horses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. BABIN, and Mr. J OHNSON  of Louisiana): H.R. 1807. A bill to exempt from the Lacey Act and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 certain water transfers between any of the States of Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Mr. COURTNEY ): H.R. 1808. A bill to amend and improve the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota (for himself, Ms. FOXX, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Ms. WILSON of Florida): H.R. 1809. A bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 1810. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow deductions and credits relating to expenditures in connection with marijuana sales conducted in compliance with State law; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself and Mr. CORREA ): H.R. 1811. A bill to amend the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 to prohibit the use of funds appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security for the procurement of uniforms not manufactured in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C RIST, Mr. BEYER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. LEE, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. NADLER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. POLIS, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SUOZZI , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C LAY, Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 1812. A bill to provide that the Executive Order entitled ‘‘Promoting Energy Independence and Economic Growth‘‘ (March 28, 2017), shall have no force or effect, to prohibit the use of Federal funds to enforce the Executive Order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for himself, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. CRAWFORD ): H.R. 1813. A bill to amend the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to impose a fee for remittance transfers to certain foreign countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself and Mr. LOEBSACK ): H.R. 1814. A bill to encourage spectrum licensees to make unused spectrum available for use by rural and smaller carriers in order to expand wireless coverage; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. B EYER , Ms. MOORE , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. E VANS , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. NORTON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. GALLEGO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. WELCH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. POLIS): H.R. 1815. A bill to amend section 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to limit immigration enforcement actions at sensitive locations, to clarify the powers of immigration officers at sensitive locations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. GARAMENDI , and Mr. H UNTER ): H.R. 1816. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a contract for the procurement of heavy icebreakers; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 1817. A bill to prohibit the use of the poisons sodium fluoroacetate (known as ‘‘Compound 1080’’) and sodium cyanide for predator control; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. JONES , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. ROSS, and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio): H.R. 1818. A bill to amend the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to clarify provisions enacted by the Captive Wildlife Safety Act, to further the conservation of certain wildlife species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. POLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. LOWENTHAL ): H.R. 1819. A bill to protect taxpayers from liability associated with the reclamation of surface coal mining operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. GARRETT , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. A MASH , Ms. TITUS, and Mr. R OHRABACHER ): H.R. 1820. A bill to authorize Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers to provide recommendations and opinions to veterans regarding participation in State marijuana programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BARTON (for himself and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia): H.R. 1821. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the standard charitable mileage rate for delivery of meals to elderly, disabled, frail, and at risk individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 1822. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liability of health care professionals who volunteer to provide health care services in response to a disaster; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1823. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the taxation and regulation of marijuana products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1824. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to reduce the gap between Federal and State marijuana policy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Financial Services, Natural Resources, Education and the Workforce, Veterans’ Affairs, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. K IND, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. MEEHAN ): H.R. 1825. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1826. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to redistribute Federal funds that would otherwise be made available to States that do not provide for the Medicaid expansion in accordance with the Affordable Care Act to those States electing to provide those Medicaid benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. JONES , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. R USH, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. NORTON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. KEATING , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. POCAN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): 
H.R. 1827. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide a partial exemption to veterans from the eligibility requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. KIND): H.R. 1828. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. RUSSELL ): H.R. 1829. A bill to temporarily authorize recently retired members of the armed forces to be appointed to certain civil service positions, require the Secretary of Defense to issue certain notifications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 1830. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide that a deduction equal to fair market value shall be allowed for charitable contributions of literary, musical, artistic, or scholarly compositions created by the donor; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER ): H.R. 1831. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit hospitals in allurban States to be considered Medicare dependent hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. L EE, Mr. COHEN , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Ms. T SONGAS ): H.R. 1832. A bill to authorize the appropriation of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or supporting research on firearms safety or gun violence prevention; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E LLISON, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. VARGAS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. EVANS , and Ms. ADAMS ): H.R. 1833. A bill to encourage initiatives for financial products and services that are appropriate and accessible for millions of American small businesses that do not have access to the financial mainstream; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS (for herself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 1834. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a national Oncology Medical Home Demonstration Project under the Medicare program for the purpose of changing the Medicare payment for cancer care in order to enhance the quality of care and to improve cost efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 1835. A bill to prohibit United States voluntary and assessed contributions to the United Nations if the United Nations imposes any tax or fee on any United States person or continues to develop or promote proposals for such a tax or fee; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. I SSA, Mr. DEUTCH , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEYof Florida): H.R. 1836. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide fair treatment of radio stations and artists for the use of sound recordings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 1837. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled energy workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. TIPTON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H ENSARLING , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. STIVERS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Mr. S AMJOHNSONof Texas): H.R. 1838. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize payments for ambulatory surgical centers under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 1839. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the timing of deposits relating to the Civil Service Retirement System with respect to crediting military service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R USH, and Mr. SHIMKUS ): H.R. 1840. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for clinical testing expenses for qualified infectious disease drugs and rapid diagnostic tests; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 1841. A bill to provide for the regulation of marijuana products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Natural Resources, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 1842. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of violence as grounds for an enhanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain information as required by Federal law, to include prior military offenses for purposes of recidivist sentencing provisions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. R EED, Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. H ARRIS): H.R. 1843. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a postseizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 1844. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 1845. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to facilitate the transition to Medicare for individuals enrolled in group health plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. SMITH of Texas): H.R. 1846. A bill to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. COLLINS of New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. AMODEI , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. BARLETTA , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. BERA, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. BRAT, Mr. BUCHANAN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. COFFMAN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C RIST, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. DENHAM , Mr. D ENT, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. EMMER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. ESTY, Mr. F ASO, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. FOSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. HECK, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. KEATING , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. KILMER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. LANCE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M AC ARTHUR , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. M ARSHALL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B EYER , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MCHENRY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. NADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. NEAL, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. NORTON , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. POLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. RASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. PANETTA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. ROSS, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. ROYCE of California, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. SABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. S OTO, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. TONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. T URNER , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. VELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. WALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. WELCH , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. YODER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, and Mr. Z ELDIN ): H.R. 1847. A bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 234. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the importance of effective education in civics and government in elementary and secondary schools throughout the Nation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H. Res. 235. A resolution directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the Department of Homeland Security’s research, integration, and analysis activities relating to Russian Government interference in the elections for Federal office held in 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself, Mr. YOHO, Mr. T IBERI , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B ACON , Mr. B OST, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mrs. W AGNER ): H. Res. 236. A resolution recognizing the importance of the United StatesJapan partnership and supporting the pursuit of closer trade ties between the United States and Japan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. S OTO, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. KIHUEN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. V ELA, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MOORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. S IRES, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. COHEN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. SABLAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. SPEIER , and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas): H. Res. 237. A resolution honoring the accomplishments and legacy of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTER of Texas (for himself, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. MARSHALL ): H. Res. 238. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Secretary of the Army should report on the status of future Ground Combat Vehicles of the Army; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
15. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of North Dakota, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 3009, urging Congress to amend the 2014 farm bill to allow counties to use raw yield data from insurance companies to supplement the national agriculture statistics survey to calculate payments under the Agriculture Risk Coverage program when an insufficient number of surveys are returned to accurately calculate payments; which was referred to the Committee on Agriculture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 19. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 1800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution provides Congress with the authority and responsibility to ‘‘provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States,’’ and to ‘‘promote progress of Science.’’ This measure will help ensure that public lands already in use for important scientific and defensebased research will remain available into the future to support those important public purposes. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Ms. ESTY: H.R. 1802. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 1803. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of United States of America By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1804. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1805. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1806. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 1807. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing Congress the authority to regulate Commerce with Foreign Nations, and among the Several States, and with Indian Tribes By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 1808. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 1809. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 1810. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. TAYLOR: H.R. 1811. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States; To establish Post Offices and Post Roads; To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court; and Offenses against the Law of Nations; To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water; To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress; To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockYards, and other needful Buildings; And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 1812. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 1813. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 gives Congress the express authority to regulate commerce with foreign nations and provide for the common defense. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 1814. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 1815. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitution, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof Or Article One of the United States Constitution, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 1816. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 1817. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper / for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 1818. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes;’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 1819. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes.) [Page H3967] By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BARTON: H.R. 1821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 1822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 1825. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1826. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 1827. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 1828. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 1829. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 1830. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 1831. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States provides that: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1832. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1833. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 1834. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Medicare program under Title 18 if the Social Security Act. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 1835. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This legislation is authorized by Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 1836. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 1837. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 1838. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 1839. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 1840. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII which provides Congress the authority to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 1841. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 1842. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 1843. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, providing, in relevant part, that ‘‘[t]he Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 1844. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 1845. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 1846. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 1847. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 60: Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 112: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 179: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 247: Mr. ROUZER and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 377: Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. BRAT, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 400: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 490: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 519: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 545: Mr. PERRY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. MAST. H.R. 548: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 662: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 692: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 747: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. NUNES . H.R. 804: Ms. BASS. H.R. 807: Mr. SOTO, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 816: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 845: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 849: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. HUIZENGA , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 873: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 909: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 959: Mr. CAPUANO and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 986: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1017: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1022: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1148: Mr. SCHRADER and Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 1150: Mr. COOK. H.R. 1158: Mr. POCAN and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 1232: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 1235: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. ESTY, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 1245: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1268: Ms. DELAURO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1314: Mr. BARR. H.R. 1315: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 1334: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1337: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 1358: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1454: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 1498: Ms. DELBENEand Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1501: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1516: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1525: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 1542: Mr. HECK, Mr. O LSON , Mr. T IPTON, and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 1544: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1551: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1552: Mr. MESSER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mrs. W AGNER. H.R. 1588: Mr. JONES . H.R. 1612: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1614: Mr. CA´RDENAS and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1626: Mr. SOTO, Mr. K USTOFF of Ten nessee, and Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1629: Ms. LEE. H.R. 1635: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 1639: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1644: Mr. KEATING , Mr. S IRES, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 1665: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 1667: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 1671: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 1698: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. DUFFY , Mr. B OST, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. SOTO, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mrs. LOVE, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. R OSS, and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1729: Mr. GOSAR , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1731: Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 1762: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1789: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 1795: Mr. GOODLATTE and Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia. H.J. Res. 59: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Con. Res. 13: Ms. CHENEY , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 92: Mr. SIRES and Mr. S UOZZI . H. Res. 184: Mr. NEAL, Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Mr. TAKANO , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 199: Mr. POEof Texas and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H. Res. 202: Mr. POEof Texas and Ms. J ACKSONLEE. f 
32. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Miami Beach, Florida, relative to Resolution No. 201729768, strongly opposing the letter issued by the U.S. Departments of Justice and Education on February 22, 2017 which withdrew and rescinded prior policy guidance by the Obama Administration that required schools to allow transgender students access to sexsegregated facilities and activities based on their gender identity; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2119 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 2017 No. 56 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable DEAN HELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, we sing of Your steadfast love and proclaim Your faithfulness to all generations. Make us one Nation, truly wise, with righteousness exalting us in due season. Today, inspire our lawmakers to walk in the light of Your countenance. Abide with them so that Your wisdom will influence each decision they make as You restrain them from speaking in haste. Keep them from evil so that they will not be brought to grief, enabling them to avoid the pitfalls that lead to ruin. May they put country before self, people before politics, and patriotism before partisanship. Empower them to glorify You in all they say and do. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 