Mr. GAETZ. Madam Speaker, I take to the floor of the House today to support President Trump’s decision as it relates to DACA. America must be a nation of laws, and those laws must be passed by the Congress. This is the promise made in our Constitution and ensured by our enduring liberty. President Obama was incorrect to unilaterally act in this program; President Trump is correct to put the power back in the hands of the people’s representatives. America must also be a nation of borders, and we erode the virtue and value of those borders when we draw people across those borders illegally. There is nothing compassionate about telling the rest of the world that, so long as a child arrives here, that child will be treated as if they have the same virtues and values of American citizens, if they committed the criminal offense of unlawful entry into the country. Challenges we have seen with undocumented minors being sent has created humanitarian crises, and I believe that DACA and other programs that draw those across our borders illegally have contributed to those crises. I support the President. We should end DACA. f 
DACA (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Madam Speaker, I rise today because I am fired up. I am angry about the decision that the President made today on DACA. I want to thank the thousands of people who have risen up across this country—from Houston, to Philly, to Los Angeles, to Denver—to say that they are going to have their voices heard. They need to continue to sound that voice. What about the promise the government made to these young people that said: If you come forward and come out of the shadows, we are going to protect your information? What about that promise? I want every DREAMer to know that I stand with them and that I am going to fight like hell here in Congress to make sure that we protect them and to make sure that we honor the promise that we made. These people are our doctors, our teachers, our neighbors, and, in my case, my cousin. I call on Congress and my colleagues across the aisle who have been speaking up on this issue in support of DACA protections to do more than speak, and to act—to act now and to act fast. 
CONGRESS SHOULD MAKE IMMIGRATION POLICIES (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speaker, today President Trump delivered on 
his promise to the American people. He said he would discontinue the DACA immigration program, which allows hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants to stay in the country and receive work permits. By ending the unconstitutional DACA program, he has overturned the last of President Obama’s amnesty agenda and returned to the rule of law. President Obama, a former constitutional law professor, said many times that DACA was unconstitutional. Congress and the administration should strengthen our laws against illegal immigration and ensure that our immigration policies put unemployed Americans first. The U.S. labor participation rate is at a 40year low. President Trump is right to discontinue the DACA program and let Congress address immigration policies, including securing the border. 
EDUCATION FUNDING (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss education: the building block to a successful future. As a father and, now, a grandfather for the second time, I know our education system is of the utmost importance. Education is truly one of the pillars of my life. I am a strong advocate for limiting the scope of the Federal Government in education decisions. Our school boards and teachers understand what works best for these individual students, and providing them control to make their own decisions ensures the best results for our students. I am encouraged to see the House retain and increase many of the Federal funding levels for education, including funding for career and technical education State grants. I am very pleased to see Congress increase funding for IDEA, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, by $200 million. I urge my colleagues to also talk to their local teachers, administrators, and students to see what works and what doesn’t. Educating the next generation is one of the most sacred responsibilities, and I thank those like I met with who dedicate their lives to that cause. 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 5 p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1843) to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a postseizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1843 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ClydeHirsch Sowers RESPECT Act’’ or the ‘‘Restraining Excessive Seizure of Property through the Exploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material for H.R. 1843, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if a person deposits $10,000 or more into a financial institution, that institution must submit a currency transaction report to the Treasury Department. Avoiding this reporting requirement by purposefully staying below the $10,000 limit is a Federal crime known as structuring. Structuring was made illegal in 1986 to prevent largescale criminal enterprises, terrorists, and money launderers from hiding their illegally earned money from authorities by consistently depositing just shy of that 
$10,000 limit. This makes complete sense. When structuring is believed to have occurred, the Internal Revenue Service can use its civil asset forfeiture authority to seize funds and force the owner of the funds to prove that they were obtained legally. Let me tell you, I am not laying awake at night, and neither are my colleagues here, worrying about terrorists and mobsters not being able to get access to their money. So far, so good. The law makes sense. But now let me tell you about somebody who had their money seized by the IRS. Andrew Clyde served three combat tours in Iraq, and then he came home and opened a store in Georgia. Mr. Clyde had an insurance policy that only covered up to $10,000 in off premise losses. So, like any reasonable person, Mr. Clyde never brought more than $10,000 in cash with him when he made his nightly deposits. The IRS seized $950,000 from him. Now, just marinate in that for a minute, Mr. Speaker. Imagine trying to run your business, and one day the Federal Government comes in and takes away all of your money. You don’t know why, but it is just gone. You would assume that the IRS would then talk to Mr. Clyde, hear his rationale, and say: Well, it is my mistake. You are clearly not a mobster or a terrorist. Thank you for your service. Here is your life savings back. But that is not what happened. Instead, the IRS threatened him with criminal structuring charges until he agreed to settle with the agency, and gave them $50,000, after he had spent nearly $100,000 in legal fees. Andrew Clyde lost $150,000 simply because he wanted to make sure that his cash deposits were low enough to be insured. We are here today to make sure this never happens again. The RESPECT Act makes commonsense changes to civil asset forfeiture practices. First and foremost, the IRS would have to show probable cause that the funds they are seizing were derived from or connected to an illegal source. Additionally, it would provide protections for taxpayers whose money was taken, requiring a hearing within 30 days of the money being seized. These commonsense steps prevent the Federal Government from acting with impunity and harassing the very citizens that they are supposed to protect. I want to thank a number of individuals for their work on this legislation. I would like to thank JOHNLEWIS, the ranking member of the Oversight Subcommittee. I want to thank my lead sponsor, JOECROWLEY , the lead Democrat on this legislation. I want to thank Mr. NEALfor his leadership, and I want to thank Chairman BRADY . We have been at this for a long time. We first started investigating this issue at an Oversight Subcommittee hearing in February of 2015, and we made some progress. IRS Commissioner Koskinen apologized to the victims of this practice on behalf of his agency. In fact, a year later, he changed the IRS procedures to restrict the use of civil asset forfeiture cases in which the money was earned illegally, a commonsense decision that we will codify with this legislation. I am also heartened to say that in March of this year, the IRS finished its process of reviewing all 454 contested cases that occurred before the rule change. The agency either returned or recommended that the Department of Justice return approximately 80 percent of those funds. The IRS returned over $6 million to honest Americans who were victims of this government overreach. While the IRS returned over $6 million, they have also recommended that the Department of Justice return a whopping $16 million. Unfortunately, the Department of Justice still has a long way to go in tackling the backlog of undecided cases. We will be addressing this issue with an amendment in the upcoming appropriations bill. Mr. Speaker, in closing, Americans deserve a government that they can trust. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass this legislation to prevent future victims of abusive civil asset forfeiture practices, and fight for those who have been affected. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in support of H.R. 1843, the Restraining Excessive Seizure of Property through the Exploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act—more simply, the RESPECT Act. Fundamentally, this legislation is about stopping abusive civil asset seizure practices. Too often, honest small business owners were treated like criminals and had their bank accounts seized by the Federal Government for making frequent deposits from cash sales. The law at issue today is the Bank Secrecy Act, which set up new reporting requirements for certain activities, like depositing more than $10,000 in cash. The purpose of the law is to limit criminal business activity conducted in cash, money laundering, drug transactions, and criminal enterprises. Thus, systematically depositing amounts just short of this threshold, is deemed an illegal attempt to structure bank transactions to avoid the reporting requirement. Over the past 2 years, a number of lawabiding small businesses with high volumes of cash sales testified before the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight describing just how this law was being applied by the IRS and the Department of Justice to seize their bank accounts. Congressmen on both sides of the aisle immediately denounced this practice and sought to have the seized amounts returned. In October of 2014, the IRS changed its policy on enforcement. Now it only will seize funds of taxpayers where the money is being deposited from an illegal source. H.R. 1843 codifies this policy change, excludes interest received by taxpayers on the return of seized property from tax, and provides notice and hearing rights to taxpayers. The IRS, however, is only one side of the issue. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions also must act to right this wrong against these small business owners. The IRS referred 255 petitions to the Department of Justice from small business owners seeking the return of their property. As of June 2017, the Department still had over 180 petitions to review. The Department of Justice should and must work faster. I thank Congressman ROSKAM , my friend; and the Democrat lead cosponsor, my friend as well, Congressman JOECROWLEY , for their hard work on this legislation; and also the ranking member of the Oversight Committee, JOHNLEWIS, for his leadership on this issue. In closing, I want to take a look at how the position taken by the IRS and the Department of Justice affected a small bakery in Connecticut. For almost 100 years—three generations—the Vocatura family has operated a bakery in Norwich, Connecticut. They sell sandwiches and fresh bread, lots of low dollar purchases. Until recently, they didn’t accept credit cards; so most of their business was in cash. According to press reports, between March 2007 and April 2013, the Vocatura brothers made hundreds of deposits in amounts ranging from $7,000 to $9,900. The bank tellers told them that they had to fill out lots of extra paperwork for deposits over $10,000, so the Vocatura brothers made sure to deposit their receipts more often. They didn’t realize they were breaking the law by consciously avoiding making deposits over $10,000. In May of 2013, the IRS enforced the structuring laws and seized the bakery’s checking account with more than $68,000 on hand. The IRS held on to the Vocatura’s money for 3 years without ever bringing a case before a judge. The brothers filed a motion, demanding the return of their money; and in 2016, the IRS capitulated. This story is similar to others that we have heard. This legislation would ensure that no other small business is put in this position. I urge support on both sides of the aisle for this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman yielding me the time, the ranking member for being here, and also Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. CROWLEY , both for their sponsorship and cosponsorship of this legislation. H.R. 1843, the ClydeHirschSowers RESPECT Act is one of those things 
that you really, at times, have a hard time understanding why we are debating on the floor of the House. It is that much common sense. And as my grandmother used to say: Common sense is not common. So here we are. If anyone has any doubt about the need to restrain the forfeiture power of the IRS, they need to look no further than what happened to one of my constituents, as has already been mentioned, Andrew Clyde, whose namesake is on the bill. He is a lawabiding small business owner who served multiple combat tours. He had and has a successful gun store in northeast Georgia when the IRS seized his business bank accounts under a little known procedure called civil asset forfeiture. Now, we already talked a moment about just what that means, but let me go into a little bit more depth about that. What actually happened here is that Mr. Clyde was not charged with a crime when they seized his assets. In fact, he was never charged with a crime. In fact, the government’s only allegation against him was he regularly made large cash deposits. In other words, following what his own insurance would protect when he made those offpremise accounts, he was following good business practices. Despite this, the IRS had the audacity to negotiate with him about how much of his own money they would give back to him. The law, as it stands today, gives them the authority to do so; thus, the need for the legislation. Now, rules have been changed and put in place, but this needs to be codified. I sat with Mr. Clyde on several occasions and talked about this case, and to hear the pain in his voice when he had to spend $100,000 in legal bills, plus, at the same time, to get the IRS to give back his money, he had to beg the government for his own property. No one should have had to go through this, and that is why I respect the authors of this legislation, and I appreciate their hearings and concern about this. Because whether it is a bakery, a gun store, or any business, no American should have to face the IRS or the Justice Department when they have never been charged with a crime—they were never charged with a crime—and had their money taken from them. This is one that I am proud of to see an American who stood up and said: No, this is not right. Unfortunately, it cost him money, but today, this wrong is being righted. We are going to continue to see this pushed through. Mr. Speaker, I respect Andrew Clyde, his business, and all the others who stood up and said: This is not right. I applaud the authors, and I say: Now is the time to finish this. Let’s make sure that this never happens to another American citizen. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before I introduce the primary cosponsor of this legislation, I want to respond to something the previous speaker said. Commissioner Koskinen said a number of times in testimony before the Ways and Means Committee that he doesn’t write the law. That is the question that is in front of us at this moment. He says that the IRS follows the law, which we expect agencies to do at the behest of those who are duly elected. So in this instance, I would suggest that while we don’t like what the IRS has done in these particular examples that have been correctly cited by both sides, we also have the obligation to alter, change, or amend the law so that this doesn’t happen to the innocent going forward. b1715 So this was not simply about the Commissioner or IRS agents waking up one day and saying: What kind of havoc and peril can we create today? It was instead the prescription for law that we have offered to them. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY), who is a primary cosponsor of this. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding me this time, and I want to thank, as well, the cosponsor—actually, the lead sponsor—Mr. ROSKAM , for his work here today. Today is a good day for the American taxpayers as, hopefully, the House of Representatives will soon, once again, pass the ClydeHirschSowers RESPECT Act to enact vital reforms to the Federal Government’s civil asset forfeiture process. Civil asset forfeiture is an important tool that the IRS and other Federal agencies use to go after illgotten funds from drug dealers, human traffickers, terrorists, and other criminals. This bill will not weaken that vital law enforcement tool one iota, and that is an important point to make. But this legislation will codify into law much needed reforms to the process to stop what we believe is an abuse of the asset seizures practiced, abusive seizures such as the government’s ability to take a person’s bank account without ever charging them with a crime. The Oversight Subcommittee on the Ways and Means Committee, under the guidance of Chairman PETER ROSKAM , undertook a painstaking, multiyear investigation to get to the bottom of these abusive practices. This investigation included holding a series of congressional hearings—that doesn’t always happen anymore around here, PETER , as you know—meeting with officials from a number of Federal agencies, including the IRS. I want to thank Commissioner Koskinen for his input and frankness as well, as the ranking member has just indicated. The subcommittee continued keeping pressure on the IRS and the Justice Department to proactively reach out and return any assets seized from people who were never, ever charged with a crime. These actions culminated in this bipartisan legislation that passed the Ways and Means Committee unanimously. This bill, the ClydeHirschSowers RESPECT Act, aims to take what we have learned and fix the system to better protect all lawabiding citizens. Specifically, it prohibits the IRS from taking any asset related to structuring unless the funds are from an illegal source or the funds were structured to conceal other criminal activity. Additionally, to provide due process to affected taxpayers, the bill requires the IRS to notify an account holder of a seizure within 30 days—fairly reasonable. Once an account is seized, the bill allows the person whose assets were seized to seek a hearing within 30 days. Now, we know that those engaged in illegal activity and illegal actions will usually not contest the seizure. But for those who committed no crime, this bill simply levels the playing field for them. My colleague, Mr. ROSKAM , and I will continue to keep the pressure on the Federal Government to quickly return the assets of those innocent taxpayers—those who are not charged with any crimes but whose bank accounts and other items are still being held by their own government. But passage of this bill isn’t the last part of the fight on wrongful asset forfeiture. This bill is expected to pass this House unanimously, as it did last year, because we all recognize and believe in the basic American judicial premise of innocent until proven guilty. However, I am concerned by the Trump administration’s statements and those of Attorney General Jeff Sessions, in particular, that the government intends to increase these asset seizures without any intention of charging affected Americans with crimes. Let me be clear: I support civil asset seizures when the government can make the case that the money was derived from illicit activity. As I said before, nothing in this bill hinders the ability of the government to do just that. But we must fight any effort by the Trump administration to expand wrongful civil asset forfeiture and continue to take innocent people’s own money without charging them with a crime. Finally, as I close, I want to remind my colleagues of the importance of a larger discussion on muchneeded criminal justice reform and an issue I hope this Congress can begin to tackle this year. Just like the Clyde family, the Hirsch family, and the Sowers family who we named this bill after, far too many American families have seen the U.S. justice system unfairly work against them rather than for them. We need to address that issue of criminal justice reform in the same bipartisan way that Chairman ROSKAM and the entire Ways and Means Committee dealt with this particular issue. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I look forward to passage of this bill. I thank Mr. ROSKAM , again, for the sponsorship of this legislation working together in a very bipartisan way to get this bill out of committee to the floor and pass the House. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, we have no remaining speakers on this side, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I think that this is a good step in the right direction. I hope that we will also encourage the Department of Justice in addition to what we are attempting to do here. As Mr. ROSKAM knows, they are part of the challenge in front of us as well, but I think this is a certain, forthright step on behalf of those who have been maligned in terms of reputation and their business activities in this moment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I think Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. N EALhit the nail on the head, as did Mr. COLLINS . Let me just sort of sum up then. This is a story about a citizen, a citizen who is scandalized by the Federal Government that is there to protect the citizen, and the citizen said: Do you know what? This doesn’t seem right to me. You don’t get to do this. You can imagine what it was like for these people who got caught up in this and were told by IRS agents and Department of Justice lawyers the nature of that intimidation and how heavy handed and aggressive that is. Yet these people said: No, no, no. That is not right. That is not the way this country is supposed to work. So they brought it to people’s attention, and, Mr. Speaker, people on both sides of the aisle were scandalized by what they heard about this and were troubled by it and said: We can do something about it. So as a result of this, you have got something that is moving through. Look, it is a tumultuous time in our public life, and there are many deep divisions within this House and across the country about all kinds of issues. But do you know what? Nobody is here defending the status quo of how these people were treated. So the institution worked. The institution heard what was going on, and now people have come together on both sides of the aisle to move forward on this basis. I want to echo Mr. NEAL’s admonition to the Department of Justice. It is not good enough for the Department of Justice to go into a passiveaggressive mode and to say: Well, we are just going to wait these people out. That is not good enough. We need to make sure that the Department of Justice is acting forthrightly, is reviewing these cases, and is moving them with dispatch. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, and Chairman BRADY . I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1843, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL INSURANCE MEMBER CONTINUITY ACT Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3110) to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3110 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Member Continuity Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3110, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Member Continuity Act. I am proud to sponsor this legislation, which is a technical, but extremely important, correction to the DoddFrank Act. I am very grateful for the support of my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee for helping advance this bill. I especially want to thank Ranking Member WATERS , the lead cosponsor. In fact, we were able to unanimously report this bill out of committee 60 votes to zero when it was marked up in July. The bill amends the DoddFrank Act to allow the Financial Stability Oversight Council’s independent member with insurance expertise to remain a voting member of the council beyond his or her term until a successor is appointed. The extended term would conclude at the earlier of either 18 months or until Senate confirmation of a successor. The Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC, was created as part of the DoddFrank Act. The general purpose of this regulatory body is to provide a forum for discussion of our financial markets and coordination of financial regulations when appropriate. Under existing law, the 10 voting members of the FSOC include an independent member with insurance expertise who is appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. The independent member is the only member appointed by the President to specifically serve on the council and is the only voting member which is expected to have insurance expertise. DoddFrank established a 6year term for the independent member whose term expires on September 30, 2017. Absent the appointment and confirmation of a successor, the expiration of the independent member’s term would leave the council without a voting member who has insurance expertise because DoddFrank did not make clear if the position can be filled by an acting official. My legislation is about ensuring that the FSOC is able to benefit from the perspective of a voting member with insurance expertise without any unnecessary lapses, or to quote a letter that the National Association of Insurance Commissioners sent to the ranking member and me: ‘‘It is important that the council have members that have a deep understanding of the unique aspects of the insurance industry and our Statebased insurance regulatory system.’’ I couldn’t agree more. In the case of Illinois, we have a very robust insurance market because of the carefully crafted regulatory system we have developed. This allows great companies to thrive and protects the interests of their policyholders. This might not be the case if the FSOC lacks sufficient understanding of our insurance markets and regulatory system. What was not intended by Dodd Frank is for the position to be vacant while the President and Senate work to confirm a new appointee. Other voting positions on the FSOC have the benefit of somebody being able to serve in an acting capacity until someone new is confirmed. In fact, the DoddFrank Act clearly states that positions on the FSOC can be filled by someone in an acting capacity. 
My legislation would simply bring continuity with other FSOC voting members. This is especially timely given that the term of the individual currently filling this position, Roy Woodall, ends on September 30 of this year. Since President Trump has not yet announced who should fill this role, and given that the Senate will not likely have sufficient time to react between now and the end of September, we must have this signed into law without delay. I understand that the Senate Banking Committee will be marking up companion legislation later this week, and I am hopeful it can quickly advance through this Chamber and the Senate Chamber so that this technical issue can be resolved before the end of Mr. WOODALL ’s term. I again would like to thank Ranking Member WATERS and all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working with me. I urge support of this noncontroversial legislation, and I am hopeful it can move swiftly to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank Mr. HULTGREN and, as he mentioned, Ranking Member WATERS and a number of members of the committee who are supporting this. I, myself, am a cosponsor of the legislation. This is a bill that is quite simple: it makes a technical correction to Dodd Frank to address an issue regarding the term of the independent member with insurance expertise on the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC. The current term, as Mr. HULTGREN indicated, is set to expire on September 30, and it remains unclear as to whether a successor will be confirmed in a timely fashion. DoddFrank does address how to fill a vacancy, pending the appointment of an agency head, but it does not address the question as it relates to the insurance member. As such, this bill would allow the current independent insurance member to remain a voting member of the FSOC for the earlier of either 18 months or the appointment of a successor. Of course, this will ensure that FSOC continues to have a member that can bring important insurance expertise to the discussions and that the entire roster of voting members on the FSOC is complete. This legislation, I think, is a really good example of the cooperation that we can see across the aisle in order to make commonsense corrections to improve DoddFrank. Perhaps this is something that can form the basis of further work. As my friend, Mr. HULTGREN , said, the bill passed the Financial Services Committee by a unanimous 60–0 vote. So I thank him for bringing this bill up. I thank the many Democrats and Republicans who have joined us in cosponsoring this legislation, and I look forward to swift enactment. Mr. Speaker, in closing, noting the bipartisan nature of this bill, I suppose I ought to learn to quit while we are ahead. This is good legislation. It is common sense. It fixes a problem. It continues the continuity of the FSOC and makes sure we have a full membership of that committee, including insurance representation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I echo much of what my good friend from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) has said. Again, I want to thank the ranking member for her work on this legislation with me. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3110. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
BOB DOLE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1616) to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Bob Dole, in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legislator, and statesman. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1616 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
The Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, at a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, statesman, member of the Greatest Generation, lifetime public servant—these are fitting words as we consider S. 1616, unanimously passed legislation to honor Senator Bob Dole with a Congressional Gold Medal. The Congressional Gold Medal is the highest expression of national appreciation for distinguished achievements and contributions that the Congress can bestow upon one of our fellow citizens. I would like to thank Congresswoman LYNNJENKINS and the 86 bipartisan cosponsors for coming together to introduce this legislation to honor Bob Dole. Recipients of the Congressional Gold Medal ‘‘have performed an achievement that has an impact on American history and culture that is likely to be recognized as a major achievement in the recipient’s field long after the achievement.’’ For Bob Dole’s lifetime of public service—as a soldier wounded in battle; State legislator; United States Representative; United States Senator; nominee for both President and Vice President; tireless advocate for the disabled, our veterans, and the hungry— awarding this great American with a Congressional Gold Medal is the least we can do today. I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say a word about Mr. HULTGREN , who just took up the previous bill, H.R. 3110, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Member Continuity Act. I enjoyed working with him. It was a wonderful experience. I think we can do a lot more of that. Mr. Speaker, having said that, I am pleased to rise today in support of S. 1616, legislation to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former Senator Bob Dole in recognition of his distinguished service to the Nation. In his younger years, Bob Dole made clear that he truly exemplified the best of the Nation’s Greatest Generation. When his studies were interrupted by World War II, he enlisted in the United States Army, where he risked his own life to save a fellow soldier. In recognition of his brave service, which left him badly wounded by machinegun fire and with a permanent disability, he was awarded two Purple Hearts and a Bronze Star with an Oak Cluster, among other honors. Following his service in the U.S. Army, Senator Dole began a long and distinguished career in public office, serving first in the Kansas House of Representatives, followed by multiple terms in the U.S. House of Representatives. In 1999, Dole was elected to the United States Senate, where he served for 27 years and rose to be majority leader before running for President. Over the course of his political career, Senator Dole developed a reputation as an outspoken and pragmatic leader who was willing to work across party lines to advance the health and welfare of the American public. For example, in speaking about the importance of Social Security and the need to protect Medicare for America’s senior citizens, Dole said in a speech at the 1996 Republican National Convention: ‘‘And I have learned in my own life, from my own experience, that not every man, woman, or child can make it on their own. And that in time of need, the bridge between failure and success can be the government itself. And given all that I have experienced, I shall always remember those in need. . . .’’ In addition to working to safeguard important programs like Social Security and Medicare, former Senator Dole was also a strong advocate for the disabled, and he played a central role in passing the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Nation’s first comprehensive civil rights law to protect people with disabilities from discrimination in employment, public services, and public accommodations. Although he was not elected President, as the nominee of the Republican Party, he made clear that he would not accommodate racial or religious intolerance, stating that if anyone had ‘‘mistakenly attached himself to our party in the belief that we are not open to citizens of every race and religion . . . the exits, which are clearly marked, are for you to walk out of. . . .’’ After leaving the Senate in 1996, former Senator Dole continued to dedicate himself to a range of causes, particularly those aimed at helping those in need. For example, Senator Dole served as cochair of the Families of Freedom Scholarship Fund, which raised more than $100 million for the educational needs of the families of victims of 9/11, and he served as the co creator of the McGovernDole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program, which aimed to alleviate child hunger. While Senator Dole and I have had our share of policy differences over the years, it was always possible to have a civil disagreement that didn’t lead to disrespect. A true gentleman, statesman, and legislator, Senator Dole could debate the issues with the best of 
us, all while maintaining a good sense of humor. For all of these reasons, it comes as no surprise that the legislation before us today has already garnered the unanimous support of the United States Senate, and it is fitting that the House today is doing its part to give the highest honor this body can bestow to former Senator Bob Dole. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in quickly passing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to thank my friend, the ranking member, MAXINE WATERS , for her kind words. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS), sponsor of the House companion legislation. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act, which recognizes Senator Dole’s service to this great Nation as a soldier, legislator, and statesman. As a kid growing up in rural Kansas, there were many times I could be found wearing a Styrofoam cap and a sandwich board in support of my Senator. I introduced this legislation, which calls for the Secretary of the Treasury to strike a single gold medal of appropriate design in honor of Senator Bob Dole, and I am humbled to have the opportunity to honor him for his lifetime of service on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. Throughout Senator Dole’s life, he has consistently exemplified humility, hard work, and leadership. He was born and raised in a small town, Russell, in northcentral Kansas. As a young man, he served heroically in the Army during World War II, where he was gravely wounded while trying to save a fellow soldier during a military offensive in Italy. Senator Dole later went on to carry out one of the most storied careers in politics, where he set the record as the Nation’s longest serving Republican leader in the United States Senate. He is seen as a political statesman who reached across the aisle for the good of the country. To this day, Senator Dole continues to serve his country and fellow man by fighting for our veterans and working to help curb child hunger and poverty. Senator Dole’s passion, dedication, and service to our country is a testament to his character and a great blessing to the State of Kansas and our Nation. He is not only an American hero, but a role model, mentor, and a dear friend of mine. There is no person I would rather see be honored with the Congressional Gold Medal than Senator Bob Dole. Please join me in supporting this legislation to honor Senator Dole for his unwavering service to our country. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. YODER ). Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague, Ms. JENKINS , and I appreciate her support in leading this legislation as we support S. 1616, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Senator Bob Dole. Service, sacrifice, and statesmanship—these are the words that describe Senator Bob Dole, one of Kansas’ proudest native sons and one of the greatest men to serve and walk the Halls of Congress. Born and raised in Russell, Kansas, Senator Dole attended my alma mater, the University of Kansas, where he excelled as a threesport varsity athlete for the Jayhawks. His college career was interrupted by World War II, when he answered his country’s call and enlisted in the U.S. Army. He would distinguish himself in the service, earning several decorations and becoming seriously wounded in combat in Italy. Although those wounds would cause a lifelong disability for him, Senator Dole did not shy away from the challenges they presented. He instead used that personal experience to help others, becoming a fierce advocate for disability rights and the father of the Americans with Disabilities Act. His career in public service spanned over 46 years, with his first election to the Kansas House of Representatives in 1951 and ending with his Presidential campaign and retirement from the Senate in 1996. His legislative and political accomplishments during that time are almost too many to count. His top priority has always been service to others, whether it is people with disabilities, Kansas farmers, or his fellow veterans. Senator Dole has always put his country ahead of himself, and he stayed grounded in his strong Kansas roots. I can think of no one more fitting to be recognized with a Congressional Gold Medal. As a member of the Kansas delegation, I am truly honored to follow in the footsteps of Senator Dole by serving our great State and our great country in Congress. He is an inspiration to me and an enduring example of what statesmanship and public service should look like. I ask my colleagues in the House to support this bill and to join me in working daily to uphold Senator Dole’s legacy of service and civility in Congress. b1745 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation my colleague, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ), has introduced that would give Bob Dole the Congressional Gold Medal. I am a liberal from Massachusetts, but Bob Dole is one of my heroes. I admire him not only for his statesmanship and for his civility, but I particularly admire him because he has led the effort in this country and around the world to end hunger. Nobody that I can think of, other than George McGovern, who worked with Bob Dole during the 1970s, did more to try to strengthen our nutrition programs and to make sure that nobody in this country, the richest country in the history of the world, went hungry. And he worked in a bipartisan way and ensured that these programs were strengthened so that we were making great progress toward ending hunger in America. And then he joined with George McGovern in the formation of the McGovernDole International Food for Education Program. Essentially, this is a program that expands school feeding initiatives all around the world, and millions and millions and millions of children are not only getting fed and getting a nutritious meal, but they are getting fed in a school setting. So they are getting the nutrition they need, and they are getting the education that they need so they can be literate and hopefully lead their countries out of poverty. The developing world cannot develop with an illiterate population, and Senator Dole understood the importance of education but also the importance of nutrition in helping people develop to their potential. And this McGovernDole program has also been incredible in getting more young girls into schools. In some countries where education isn’t valued for girls, all of a sudden parents are sending their girls to school because they will get fed, and they will get the nutrition that they need. So Senator Dole, in my opinion, not only deserves this, but he deserves the respect and admiration of everybody in this Chamber, Democrat and Republican alike. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, he should be an example and an inspiration to us all. These are very difficult times for our country, and these are very tumultuous times in Washington, but you look at the example of Senator Dole and you realize how good this place can be, how good Congress can be, and how effective Congress can be. You don’t have to agree on everything to agree on something, and I think that was Senator Dole’s guiding principle. Where he could agree with people on the other side of the aisle, he reached across and got things done. Where there were disagreements, you know, he fought passionately for his point of view. But he represents the kind of civility and the kind of decency that we need more of in Washington, and so I am 
proud to support this legislation. I congratulate my colleague, Congresswoman JENKINS , for leading this effort, and I urge all my colleagues to support it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true American hero and one of Kansas’ most treasured sons. I am pleased the House is acting today to award Bob Dole with our Nation’s highest civilian honor, the Congressional Gold Medal. Bob’s life and legacy stands strong, constant reminders of the fundamental values that are at the very core of Kansas and our Nation: honor, hard work, sacrifice, and a constant yearning to preserve our liberty and many blessings for future generations. When Bob was wounded by enemy fire in the mountains of Italy while trying to save a fellow soldier, his brothers in arms didn’t know if he was going to make it. Bob, of course, wouldn’t give up. He spent years recovering in hospitals and continued putting his life in service to others. He did so with distinction right here in this House and in the United States Senate. He also served in the Kansas House of Representatives and as chair of the Republican National Committee. Through it all, Bob Dole, a true servant leader, has stood as an example of how things are when our politics are at our best, when mutual respect is never lost, and when joy and good humor always have a seat at the table. Today, as Republicans and Democrats, we come together to honor Bob, not because we always agree, but because, like Bob, we agree that there are greater causes than ourselves. Addressing the Republican National Convention as Presidential candidate in 1996, Bob closed his remarks by saying: ‘‘My life is proof that America is a land without limits. And with my feet on the ground and my heart filled with hope, I put my faith in you and in the God who loves us all. For I am convinced that America’s best days are yet to come.’’ Thank you, Bob, for your faith, for your most honored service to Kansas and to our country, and for all you sacrificed to bring America closer to her best days. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ). Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kansas’ favorite son, a hero and mentor of mine, and the former occupant of the congressional office I now hold, Robert J. Dole. Senator Bob Dole never forgot where he is from, Russell, Kansas. Perhaps that is what made him so effective and so beloved by his constituents. Now at 94 years young, Senator Dole continues to work every day for the causes he supports. He continues as a shining example of international leadership, whether it is in the causes he still champions or the work he did in Congress to help feed millions of people around the world. All this work, he does with humility and wit that endeared him to the Nation and that has been engrained in him as a Kansan. Many weekends, he can still be seen greeting our Nation’s veterans at the World War II Memorial, which he helped build, and he works today on promoting the national memorial to President Eisenhower, his hero and another great Kansan. I cannot think of one living American more deserving of Congress’ highest civilian award, which is why I am thrilled that tonight, this very night, the House will join the Senate in passing the Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act. I encourage the President to quickly sign this. I look forward to this vote as much as any I have taken. I am honored to call him friend. I am honored to participate in this vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I also have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1616. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIRECTING THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION TO ALLOW CERTAIN ISSUERS TO BE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2864) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from registration requirements, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2864 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2864, the Improving Access to Capital Act. I want to start by thanking the Democrat and the Republican who are the chief sponsors of this bill, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). It is always a pleasure to bring good bipartisan legislation to the House floor, especially when the bill is sponsored by my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee. To continue this job growth and ensure that we have a stronger and healthier economy with opportunities for all Americans, we must encourage small business growth, and this starts with ensuring that they have access to the capital and credit that they need to grow. This bipartisan bill will help the American economy. It will make it easier for companies, particularly small businesses, to access capital. This is incredibly important because small businesses are the heart and soul of the American economy. In fact, they help to create more than 60 percent of the Nation’s net new jobs over the past 2 decades. This bipartisan bill before us today carries forward the mission of another bipartisan bill, the JOBS Act of 2012, to increase capital formation in our U.S. markets so more American workers would be able to find good paying jobs. As part of the JOBS Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission was directed to expand something called Regulation A, which is a critical tool for companies that are trying to raise small amounts of money. And the aptly named ‘‘Regulation APlus’’ the SEC came up with has been effective. With Regulation APlus, prospective issuers have publicly filed 147 offerings seeking up to $2.6 billion in financing. As a comparison, in the 12 months leading up to Regulation APlus, there were only about 50 filings seeking to raise $159 million. 
As we are seeing, Regulation APlus has opened up an avenue for these small companies to seek financing through the capital markets that will help grow their businesses. And according to the SEC, these companies are small, earlystage businesses with median assets of $100,000 in limited collateral, which often restricts their ability to obtain a bank loan or other financing. Unfortunately, not all are able to benefit from Regulation APlus. As part of its final rule implementing the JOBS Act, the SEC excluded some small companies. This was contrary to the intent of Congress when we approved the JOBS Act. As a result of the SEC’s final rule, some smaller and midsize companies have been shut out from the benefits of Regulation APlus. Additionally, smaller investors also suffer by not having the opportunity to participate in the public markets for earlystage companies and share in their growth. H.R. 2864 is a simple bill that fixes the problem I just described. H.R. 2864 would amend Regulation APlus to direct the SEC to include companies that are fully reporting under the Securities Exchange Act. This will help more small businesses gain access to capital so they can grow and hire more workers. At the same time, it will give small investors greater investment opportunities. H.R. 2864 was approved by the Financial Services Committee with the overwhelming support of both Republicans and Democrats. In fact, the vote in committee to favorably report H.R. 2864 was 59–0. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 2864, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start off by thanking Representative SINEMA  and Representative HOLLINGSWORTH for working together to craft bipartisan legislation that will help smaller public companies raise the funds necessary to grow and thrive. Specifically, H.R. 2864, the Improving Access to Capital Act, would narrowly expand the relief that we provided in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, the JOBS Act, to allow public companies to raise money under Regulation APlus. Currently, Regulation APlus allows private companies to raise up to $50 million in capital by selling unregistered but freely tradable stock to the public as a quicker and less expensive alternative to a fully registered securities offering. Extending Regulation APlus eligibility to public companies would provide them with an additional efficient method of raising a small fixed amount of capital. To be eligible to use this faster and cheaper fundraising alternative, public companies must be up to date in their public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, public companies must comply with all of the other regulatory requirements in Regulation APlus, including SEC approval or qualification of the offering, disclosure of the offering information to investors, and limitations on sales per investor. Importantly, bad actors who have committed certain felonies, misdemeanors, or other misconduct within the past 5 years are disqualified from using Regulation APlus. These restrictions help ensure that investors in Regulation APlus offerings are informed about their purchases and protected from fraud. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2864 for providing targeted relief to public companies that balances their need to raise capital with the protection of their investors. b1800 I remain concerned that the Financial Services Committee has adopted a piecemeal approach to private and public market regulation. Going forward, I hope that we thoughtfully review the securities laws to ensure that our legislative efforts appropriately incentivize companies to become public. Again, I want to thank the bill’s sponsors, especially Ms. SINEMA , for their work on this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2864, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ), a sponsor of this legislation and a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I spent the last 30 days traveling Indiana’s best district—that is the Ninth District—and I had many memorable conversations with many Hoosiers. But one thing came through, and that was we need to work together right here in D.C. in order to get better outcomes for our businesses back home. Nowhere is this better exemplified than this bill, the Improving Access to Capital Act. It is about getting small businesses engaged and empowered with the capital that they need in order to grow, in order to hire, in order to invest. That is exactly what we want them to do. And on the second point, it is exciting to me to be able to reach across the aisle and work with Representative SINEMA , who has been nothing but great in her leadership in her fervent desire to help small businesses all the way across this country. The Improving Access to Capital Act sounds like it might be something esoteric, and sounds like it might be something that isn’t immediately practical to the small businesses across the Ninth District and across this country, but, in fact, it is something that they can use tomorrow. This creates another avenue for small businesses across the country to be able to raise the money that they need in order to innovate, in order to grow, in order to expand, in order to hire more Americans. This is just simply another arrow in the quiver for them to be able to grow and develop. Small businesses account for the bulk of hiring across this country, they account for the bulk of innovation across this country, and we need to be doing everything we can to continue to promote them. That is exactly what Representative SINEMA and I have done with this particular legislation, is work hard to develop a bipartisan solution, one that was supported unanimously out of the Financial Services Committee in order to provide those companies with more options and more opportunities to be able to grow. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation and let’s get America back to work again. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank the cosponsors for their vision, for their work, and for the bipartisan effort that they so successfully put together. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), the lead sponsor of this bill. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairmen HULTGREN and H ENSARLING , Ranking Member WATERS , and Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH for working with me on this bipartisan legislation to improve our capital markets and help more small companies succeed. As part of the JOBS Act, Congress directed the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend Regulation A to allow small companies to raise up to $50 million in offerings exempt from full SEC registration. These amendments, known as Regulation APlus, exclude certain potential issuers, including Exchange Act reporting companies. As a result, thousands of companies that already meet the SEC’s high disclosure requirements are ineligible to use Regulation APlus to costeffectively raise the funds they need to grow and hire employees. That is why I have introduced this legislation with Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH to allow SEC reporting companies access to Regulation A Plus. It is a valuable pathway for small businesses to raise money in an efficient, public, and transparent manner. I am committed to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that Arizona’s innovative small businesses have every opportunity to thrive, and I hope that Members will join us today in support of this bipartisan legislation. Again, I thank Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH for working with me on this commonsense, bipartisan bill. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Congresswoman SINEMA and Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH for their great work on this. This is an important step that will help our small businesses access the capital that they need to grow and to hire more workers. Mr. Speaker, I encourage support on this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2864, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present due to the funeral of my mother. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes No. 439 and No. 440. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend Floor votes due to the expected birth of my child. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 439, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 440. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 69) authorizing the 
use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 69 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR D.C. SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN. 
On October 6, 2017, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate, the 32d annual District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’) may be run through the Capitol Grounds to carry the Special Olympics torch to honor local Special Olympics athletes. 
The Capitol Police Board shall take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the event. 
The Architect of the Capitol may prescribe conditions for physical preparations for the event. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1697 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 1697, as his name was added in error. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. 
SUPPORT DREAMERS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the tragic announcement made by the Trump administration to kill the DACA program is heartbreaking, reckless, and wrong. This decision means that our country is turning its back on 800,000 young, hardworking immigrants who only know America as their home. Each of these DREAMers has a compelling story and a desire to pursue their educational and professional opportunities, while strengthening our Nation. Mr. Speaker, that is why I am proud to have introduced the DREAM Act along with my good friend, Congresswoman LUCILLE ROYBAL ALLARD , to give these young individuals the certainty to plan for a future in our great country, their great country. For too long, their dreams have been put on hold and they have been living under constant fear. I call on each one of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to come together so that we can pass a legislative solution that is humane. This is long overdue, Mr. Speaker. Let’s not wait months for a vote. The lives of hundreds of thousands of bright, talented, and patriotic young men and women are at stake. Mr. Speaker, let’s show now that Congress does indeed have a heart. 
HURRICANE HARVEY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, to all of my colleagues and the American people, thanks so much for the outpouring of love from volunteers, first responders, and so many rescuers that came to Hurricane Harvey. Let me thank my mayor, Mayor Turner; the county judge, Judge Emmett; all of the commissioners and council members. Let me thank, most of all, our first responders and all of those who sacrificed their lives; some who died, an officer who died. Let me thank the Marines, the Navy, the Army, and the Texas National Guard. Let me thank the people who suffered through and are still suffering through this disaster, the most significant historic natural disaster in the history of the United States. They are needing food and shelter still. They are needing the help of this great Congress. They are needing love and prayers, and I am prayerful that we will go together, walking together, and providing the money that these victims need. Let me give you a sad story. As I left Houston today, announcements were coming to those in apartments: You are evicted, with no place to go. Yes, the apartments were destroyed, but there is no place to go. We need a continuing effort to be able to help them. We need the EPA to inspect the various chemical plants, and we need FEMA to be staffed more, and to be able to address some of the funding needs that we have. The debris is unbelievable; maybe $200plus billion, but all I can say is that the lives were lost, but we are still prayerful. To the Saldivar family who lost four children in a drowning: My prayers are with you. We continue to lift them up, and work as Americans to make sure they are whole. God bless the people in the southeast where Irma might come. Mr. Speaker, I conclude by simply saying: Please don’t let the DACA young people be thrown out in this devastating time. They, too, need to be embraced. f 
b1915 ANNUAL AUGUST BUS TOUR (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, each August, I conduct a bus tour of South Carolina’s Second Congressional District with my wife, Roxanne, and dedicated staff members from all offices. I would like to specifically recognize scheduler Emily Saleeby for this year’s very meaningfully coordinated schedule. It was humbling and inspiring to meet with constituents and visit 30 locations from small businesses and schools to local chambers of commerce and large employers. I took the opportunity to thank employees for their service, and employers for creating jobs in all five counties I represent. Many of the businesses were multigeneration success stories, such as Form Tool Technology in Elgin founded by Mike and Roxann Robbins; The Marwin Company in West Columbia led by Andy Davis; Anovotek in Barnwell founded by Don Alexander; and Hansen International in Lexington led by Lisa Beebe. The prodevelopment policies of South Carolina were also highlighted by KimberlyClark corporation’s largest manufacturing facility in North America located in Beech Island with 2,000 employees. I am additionally grateful for Principal Anna Miller of Chapin Middle School; Dr. Sandra Jordan, chancellor of USCAiken; Director Sandra Sigmon of North Family Community School; and Principal Jacqualine Kasprowski of Cardinal Newman High School for their emphasis on proactive education across the district. A final stop was to thank Gary David of WVOC Radio in promoting relief efforts for the recovery of Hurricane Harvey in Houston. Additional stops included BAE Systems hosted by Michael Eaton, Aiken Rotary Club hosted by John McMichael, Jr., Hubbell Power Systems hosted by Pete Swales, Ahh Sunshine hosted by Jim Hanna, CVS Caremark 
Distribution Center hosted by Elizabeth Brooks, Frank Donaghy, and Tom Moriarty, Alley Downtown Taproom hosted by Norman Dunagan, Irmo Chamber of Commerce hosted by Kerry Powers, K2Tech hosted by Zach Minton, CayceWest Columbia Rotary hosted by Marnie Robinson, Menchie’s Frozen Yogurt hosted by Jorge Gonzales, Mathnasium hosted by Annette Sudduth, CocaCola hosted by Alison Patient, FN America hosted by Greg Butler, South Carolina Vocations & Individual Advancement (SCVIA), a division of Goodwill Industries of Upstate/Midlands, SC, Inc. hosted by Mike Adams, Duck Donuts hosted by Katie McCanna, Brittons of Columbia hosted by Perry Lancaster, Shealy’s BarB Que hosted by Tommy Shealy, and Ansaldo STS hosted by Joseph Eiseman. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
ENDING THE DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PROGRAM (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, from its earliest days, the Trump administration has embraced disastrous immigration policies. First was the unconstitutional Muslim ban rooted in fear rather than fact. Then came the obsession with an ineffective and expensive border wall. But today we have reached a new low. In our justice system, people are held responsible for their actions. With the announcement of the end of DACA, we are throwing aside this principle. Instead, we are punishing youth who, through the actions of their parents, happen to be in the country without authorization. The average DACA recipient was barely 6 when she came to the U.S., yet the administration today has said that she should be deported to a land that she has never called home. DACA recipients—the students, workers, and servicemembers in Rhode Island and around the Nation—are our friends. They are our neighbors. We cannot and we must not abandon them. 
RECOGNIZING U.S. FOREST SERVICE CHIEF TIDWELL ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished career of U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell, who has dedicated himself to public service for more than 40 years. Tom retired on Friday, September 1. Over the last four decades, Chief Tidwell climbed the ranks, starting as a firefighter and becoming a district ranger, then forest supervisor, before leading more than 30,000 employees of the U.S. Forest Service. Chief Tidwell worked on collaborative approaches to combat wildfires, maintain support for forests and grasslands, and support communitybased partnerships to reduce appeals and increase work. Since Tom was named chief in 2009, the Forest Service has enhanced treatments to improve and protect the health and strength of our forests and grasslands. Because of Chief Tidwell’s vision, we have seen an emphasis on active management, forest products, and clean water. Under Tom’s leadership, the agency has made strides in helping the ecosystem remain sustainable while addressing the many challenges threatening America’s forests, grasslands, and rural communities. We are deeply grateful for Tom’s 40 years of commitment and service. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chief Tidwell for his friendship and his service, and I wish him the best in his retirement. f 
PROTECTING DREAMERS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today the President made clear that he refuses to protect DREAMers. It is now imperative that Congress acts to protect DREAMers before DACA ends. This issue is personal for me because I, too, was brought to our country by my parents as a child. The hope for a better life which carried my parents here from oceans away was no different from that of the parents of DREAMers and generations of immigrants before. DREAMers play a vital role in our economy, and ending DACA would cost our country nearly half a trillion dollars over 10 years. But the contributions of DREAMers go beyond any single statistic: DREAMers have built their lives here, started families here, built businesses here, and bled in uniform for the only home they have ever known. I urge Speaker RYAN and my colleagues from both parties to come together to defend DREAMers and to develop a comprehensive approach to immigration built on American values. 
HONORING SHERIFF THOMAS MILLS ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. FASO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and congratulate Delaware County Sheriff Thomas Mills of Meredith, New York, on the occasion of his retirement from a 54year career of service to his Nation and local community. A lifelong resident of Delaware County, Sheriff Mills enlisted with the U.S. Marine Corps for 3 years after graduating from Franklin High School, and he was also deployed to Santo Domingo during the Dominican Civil War in 1965. Sheriff Mills attained the rank of corporal before returning to upstate New York, where he dedicated himself to protecting his local community through law enforcement at the State and local levels. Sheriff Mills retired on August 28, 2017, after more than 18 years of service as sheriff of Delaware County, during which time he built the new public safety building and jail as well as implemented the countywide 9/11 system. Sheriff Mills is a pillar of our Delaware County community, and I thank him and salute him and his family for their service, sacrifice, and neverending desire to give back to their neighbors. f 
TERMINATING DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s decision to end the DACA program is wrong. Today’s announcement impacts over 22,000 New Jerseyans and over 800,000 people across the country. The primary beneficiaries of DACA are young people who were brought here to this country by no decision of their own. In New Jersey, most DACA recipients are in the group of 18 to 21 years of age. At that age, they should be focused on college, developing trades, and overall sharpening their skills that will ultimately benefit our Nation. Unfortunately, their future is now at the mercy of Congress. This issue transcends party, Mr. Speaker. Our decisions in the next 6 months will determine the future of hundreds of thousands of young people. We must make the right decision to protect DREAMers. 
RECOGNIZING 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WHITNEY POINT LAKE AND DAM (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of Whitney Point Lake and dam in Broome County, New York. A popular tourist destination, Whitney Point Lake welcomes more than 115,000 people annually. The 4,578acre lake offers fishing, swimming, trails, playgrounds, and more than 100 picnic sites. As an important fixture in our communities, Whitney Point Lake and dam brings more than $3 million annually to our local economy and plays a pivotal role in limiting flooding. Unfortunately, as we have seen this year, our region is also subject to devastating floods. While it is impossible 
to prevent all floods, we can see some mitigation from the effects of flooding due to Whitney Point Lake and dam this year. Since Whitney Point Lake was completed in 1942, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ project has prevented more than $717 million in potential flood damage. For its continued benefits both to the local and downstream communities, as well as the hundreds of thousands that enjoy its recreational opportunities, it is an honor today to recognize the 75th anniversary of Whitney Point Lake and dam. 
RECOGNIZING 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF SIXTH MOUNT ZION BAPTIST CHURCH (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of a pillar of the Richmond community. This year, Richmonders and parishioners celebrate the 150th anniversary of Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church. Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church has been a central institution in our community since its founding in 1867 by Reverend John Jasper. The church was founded in an abandoned Confederate horse stable on Brown’s Island and, since then, has been a pillar of our community. The long history of supporting the community has continued under the leadership of six distinguished leaders, including the current pastor, Reverend Tyrone Nelson. Reverend Nelson is a fellow alumnus of Virginia Union University’s Samuel DeWitt Proctor School of Theology, a member of Henrico County Board of Supervisors, and a longtime friend. Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church has addressed the social concerns of the city’s residents and was one of the first Black churches to have an organized charity with a staff social worker available to help our community. Mr. Speaker, Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church continues to assist community members with resources necessary to overcome life’s obstacles. I pray that Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church will thrive in our community for another 150 years. 
FIRES IN THE WEST (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, appropriately and necessarily, we will be addressing the issue of Hurricane Harvey and its devastating effects on Texas, Louisiana, and our American colleagues down there. But also we have a crisis going on in the West. Tens of thousands of acres of our forests are going up in smoke this year just like every year. The inability of the Forest Service to act due to lawsuits and lack of will is inexcusable. Our people are suffering in the West as well: Montana, tens of thousands of acres; northern California and many other areas. It ruins the habitat, it ruins the air quality, it ruins the water quality, and it ruins the people’s assets of what they own in their Federal land and the Forest Service. It eliminates jobs. It is harmful to our part of the country. We need to do something about this crisis that happens every year and is happening right now to the people of the West, to the habitat of the West, and to our natural lands. Mr. Speaker, we must take action very soon on this and not continue to ignore it. It is hardly even in the news of what a devastating effect this is of wildfire every year in our forests in our Western States. f 
FIRES IN OREGON (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I support my friend from California in urging that this body focus on this crisis in the West. With the outrage that has happened with the DACA students and with the tragedy in Houston, there are lots of things to occupy our time. But the firefighting in the West has impacted thousands of people. I have people who are forced to evacuate in my community. We have 24 large fires in Montana, 19 in Oregon, and 17 in California. But what is really outrageous is that the Republican leadership in the House refuses to treat these disasters the same way we would treat Hurricane Harvey or Hurricane Katrina being able to put disaster funding on the table. We are going to completely exhaust those resources in a matter of days, and then we are going to cannibalize the Forest Service budget that could be used to strengthen forest protections, put people to work, and avoid problems in the future. That is outrageous. We have bipartisan legislation that would pass if the Republican leadership would allow it on the floor of the House. But at a minimum, we should not have any disaster relief that doesn’t have money for these tragic fires in the West. 
LET US VOTE ON DACA (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today the Trump administration announced that it intends to crush the hopes of 800,000 DREAMers and cause them to live in fear each and every day, because that is what ending the DACA program will do. Despite his many promises and saying that he has a heart, the President is persecuting young people who have done nothing more than come to this country in their parents’ arms. They know no other language. They know no other country. Ending the DACA program is opposed by the leadership of both parties and by the majorities in both Chambers. It is opposed by the clear majority of the American people. But this Congress can do something to fix this. I am confident that if we put the BRIDGE Act, the American Hope Act, and the American Dream Act on the floor, if the Republican leaders would allow a vote, then it would pass. DACA is in our court now. Let’s have a vote and keep this lifeline to the American Dream alive. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
b1930 LCWR ASSEMBLY STATEMENT ON U.S.DPRK CRISIS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, during World War II, a wise admonition from our military read: ‘‘Loose lips sink ships.’’ In other words, beware of unguarded talk. Of late, our world has witnessed an unprecedented escalation in tension with North Korea and its deranged tyrant, including North Korea’s recent firing of a missile over Japan. Yet President Trump’s reaction to the ongoing North Korean crisis has been an unguarded yielding of dangerous words of war. His improvised remarks have stunned experts, allies, and even his own advisers. Instead of thorough diplomatic pressure and international consensus building, President Trump has done the opposite. His unpredictable rhetoric lacks strategic thought. It puts American troops stationed in South Korea and our regional allies at greater risk. This administration is understaffing the State Department, weakening its ability to handle the sort of diplomacy I am speaking of. In the President’s 2018 budget, the State Department is really an afterthought, with major accounts cut to the bone. Thankfully, there are voices of reason, including the respected Leadership Conference of Women Religious. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD their statement against fearmongering and advising dialogue is more productive than rhetoric, and connection more transformative than threats of destruction. 
LCWR A SSEMBLY STATEMENT ON THE US— DPRK CRISIS  This week, while tensions between the governments of the United States and the People’s Republic of Korea quickly escalated, 
approximately 650 members of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious meeting in Orlando, FL issued a public statement imploring President Donald J. Trump to engage in dialogue and negotiation: At this critical moment for our country and global community, we—the approximately 650 members of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious gathered in assembly—have discerned the Gospel call to embody love for the sake of the world. We believe that love is more powerful than fear, dialogue more productive than rhetoric, and connection more transformative than threats of destruction. We call on President Trump to engage in constructive dialogue and negotiation to resolve the current crisis between the governments of the United States and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea in a manner that guarantees the peace and security that all people seek. We commit ourselves to promote nonviolence and a compassionate response to the thirst of the world for integrity and communion. f 
DACA TERMINATION (Ms. CLARKE of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the administration’s cruel and inhumane decision to terminate the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. President Obama first implemented DACA in 2012, to ensure that the hundreds of thousands of immigrant children, many of whom are young adults and have lived in the United States for years and known no other home other than the United States, have a place here in America. This program was rooted in the best of our political tradition and intended as a temporary fix until Congress chose to take action. In 2013, the Senate rose to the challenge and passed a bipartisan reform proposal. However, this Chamber callously refused to even consider the Gang of Eight proposal and instead let it die a slow and painful legislative death. We are now being called upon to resume the fight, and we must not squander this opportunity. What my colleagues need to understand here and now is that this is not a game. The fate of nearly a million people hangs in the balance. Today’s coldhearted decision will impact their health, wellness, families, and earning potential for years to come. DREAMers are generally beginning the most productive years of their lives. This is not a hypothetical question. It is real. We need to get to work, Mr. Speaker, right away. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, before I get into a rather elongated discussion about one fundamental issue that we are having to decide in the next few days, I would like to just mention that we have just heard severe criticism of our President. Let me just note about President Trump and his rhetoric supposedly making things worse in Korea. The rhetoric of our President has not made the situation worse in Korea. What made the situation in Korea a major threat to our country and to our people and to the world was that, during the Clinton administration, President Clinton pushed through this Congress a package of aid for North Korea. Yes, we gave billions of dollars of aid in the form of energy and other types of issues and things that they needed. We gave them billions of dollars of aid under the agreement that North Korea would not be developing their nuclear weapons. At that time, Chris Cox, a Member of the House of Representatives at the time, and myself fought aggressively against that deal. The North Koreans ended up being the recipient of billions of dollars of aid, even though they were the most antidemocratic institution, the greatest threat, and the greatest tyrants in that part of the world. Yes, they knew that they didn’t have to worry about the United States of America. That is when they, again, slowly but surely, after receiving billions of dollars from us, pushed through by President Clinton, that is how they have gotten to this point now where they are exploding weapons and launching rockets. They are blaming that on our President, who just recently became President, and they are blaming it on his rhetoric rather than his policy? It is ridiculous. The other thing we have heard about our President again is how heartless he is because he is not permitting young people who have been designated as DREAMers to stay here in the United States, even though they are in this country illegally, and they were brought here illegally. Now, what is the impact? What will be the impact to those young people, who are probably wonderful young people? Most of them, I am sure, are wonderful young people. But the bottom line is, our interests and our moral obligation must be to the wellbeing of American young people. That includes American young people who are of every race and every religion and every ethnic group. Approving the people who have come here illegally will hurt American young people, especially AmericanHispanic young people. The DREAMers will be competing with their jobs and, yes, bidding down the wages of our own young people and our other people who are trying to struggle right now to get by. No, what the President has done is watch out for the right young people: Americans. Yes, we have had millions of people— in fact, for the last few years, over a million people—legally immigrate into our country. We have nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to apologize for. We are the most generous when it comes to legal immigration into our society of any country in the world. In fact, at times recently, the amount of legal immigration we have been allowing into our country represents more than all the other countries of the world in what they have permitted to legally immigrate into their society. We all feel for young people throughout the world who deserve a better life. But if we permit people to come here as young people illegally, and then legalize their status, every parent in the world will see that decision. Every parent in the world will say: Oh, my gosh, that young person who comes from Guatemala, or wherever it is, made it to America. He went in illegally, and now he is going to a junior college. He has had some health problems. The American taxpayers have paid for it. Why can’t I bring my children there? Well, it will dawn on them that millions of people—hundreds of millions, perhaps—that if they are going to come to the United States illegally, you better bring the kids, because Americans think more of those kids than they do their own kids. I applaud the President for what he has done to slow down this betrayal of American young people by allowing young people to come in here illegally and thus expect that they are going to get legal status by wearing us down and appealing to our emotions. One thing we have to note, in closing on this issue, those young people, if they are legalized, that is not the end of the game. At that point, when they are legalized, they have a right to make applications so that their parents can have their status legalized. They can bring in family that they left back in their home countries. Now they can apply to have them come in under family reunification. This isn’t just about a group of young people who came in. Even to legalize their status would be wrong. Otherwise, millions of other people will come here. Remember the trainloads of young people who were put on trains headed to the United States? Yes, we can expect more of that. Why not? If you love your children and you live anywhere else than the United States and you are living a poor life, of course you want to bring your kids here. We should not be encouraging that, and we should not be attacking the President of the United States for standing up for our own young people, rather than trying to bring a massive flood of illegal immigrant children into our society and pay for their education and their healthcare, et cetera. With that said, the issue that I am hoping to discuss in detail tonight is something on a totally different level, in terms of issue. This is an issue, whether you are Republican or Democrat, you go across the board; whether 
liberal or conservative, there should be a close look at what is happening right now in the House of Representatives. A decision will soon be made by the House Rules Committee—they are meeting tonight and tomorrow—that will have a dramatic and direct impact on the lives of millions of Americans. Although the issue will have such severe consequences on so many people, Members of Congress may or may not have had the opportunity and may not have the opportunity in the future to vote on the provision that is being discussed tonight. What I am talking about at issue is an amendment submitted to the Rules Committee. For those who don’t know, the Rules Committee is a committee here in Congress that decides what will come to the floor for a vote—what bills—and what will be included; what amendments will be permitted, what amendments won’t, and if there will be any. That is their job. They do a good job of it, but it is important that they do a job that reflects the American people and the interests of the American people. So what we have is an amendment that has been submitted to the Rules Committee for consideration with this week’s appropriations bill. What I am talking about is an amendment which prohibits any of the money or resources in the appropriations bill for the Department of Justice; it prevents that money or the resources that come from the Department of Justice, purchased by that revenue; it says that the Department of Justice can’t use that money that is being given to them in the appropriations bill to supersede a State law when that State has legalized the medical use of marijuana. Now, that is my amendment. That amendment has been around. As many of my colleagues know, this amendment has a long history. The House has considered this issue numerous times since former Representative Maurice Hinchey of New York introduced the first amendment of this nature in 2001. I joined him and supported that provision. Eventually, I became the lead sponsor of the amendment when Mr. Hinchey left. That year, in 2012, my amendment failed in the House by a vote of 162–262. So, in 2012, my amendment, which would have legalized medical marijuana—basically, saying that you can’t have the Federal Government supersede States when they have legalized medical marijuana—lost by 162–262. Two years later, I teamed up with Representative Sam Farr, who is also now retired, and saw the amendment pass—the very same amendment we were able to reach out to our colleagues and say that we do not want any of the money that is being allocated for the Department of Justice to be used to supercede States’ rights. That cannot supersede a State that has legalized the medical use of marijuana. The passage of the amendment in 2004 led to the inclusion of this provision in last year’s omnibus appropriations bill, which was signed into law December 2014. The following year, the amendment passed by an even larger margin. Let me note that the last time it came here for a vote on the floor, it passed by 242–186. What we are talking about is that the people of the United States, over these years, over and over again, have expressed themselves to the Federal Government by passing laws in their own States to legalize the medical use of marijuana. b1945 And now we have a move to try to prevent those reforms that we put into place for the last 6 years that insisted that the Federal Government respect the State laws that have been changed so that the State laws that have given their own people permission to use medical marijuana for medical purposes, now what we see is an effort to try to prevent that from happening. In other words, the status quo for 4 years has been the Federal Government will not interfere because the Department of Justice is not permitted to use its resources to supersede a State that has legalized the medical use of marijuana. And the States, in these 4 years, over and over and over again, have reaffirmed and have sometimes put in place brandnew law that permits their people to use medical marijuana. Changing the status quo here by not adding that amendment that has been in the bill for the last 4 years, we are changing the status quo in a way that undermines the rights of the States and the people therein to make their policy, a right that we had acknowledged for the last 4 years. Since it was first enacted into law, the provision has been updated and extended through a series of continuing resolutions. That is the bill that says we will respect State marijuana laws and omnibus appropriations bills, the last of which was signed into law by President Trump on April 5. So, on April 5, we signed the omnibus bill. In that bill was the amendment that said the Justice Department will not use its resources to supersede State law. And since the first vote in 2014, the Senate Appropriations Committee has taken up the issue and has adopted this amendment on a bipartisan basis every year for the last few years. As a result of this provision, the Federal Government has been prohibited from arresting or attacking those providing cannabis for medical purposes in the States that have passed such laws through their State legislature or through a direct vote of their own people. So, to date, what are we talking about? We are talking about 46 States that have legalized some form of cannabis for medical purposes. Yet we see, today, this Republican Congress is seriously considering what? Superseding those States, 46 States that have actually said: We will determine what is good for our people, and our people have voted overwhelmingly to permit medical marijuana to be used by the people of this State. We are considering changing the status quo tonight by not permitting the amendment that always gave the rights to the States to make that decision. With this movement by the States, we have witnessed the emergence of a new and a major industry in America. Billions of dollars now are being invested in the exploding cannabis industry, an industry where now marijuana is being grown to provide clinics, which then they work on the cannabis itself. They put it into and they catalog it in terms of strength and in terms of dosage, and they work with doctors to make sure that this can be used for helping people with their maladies. Those involved, all who are doing this, the ones who are providing the cannabis, the guys who are processing it, the people who are selling it, the people who want to make sure that everything is designated right, the strength and the character of what is being sold, and, of course, a bookkeeping system that makes sure everybody knows, total, who is doing what, all those involved in this new industry, billions of dollars’ worth of industry, are respectable businessmen and women. Yes, they are seeking profit, but these are men and women who are eager to be, yes, seeking profit and to be responsible and transparent; and just like any other member of the business community, they want to do a business efficiently, and they want to be held accountable for what they are doing. Money should be accounted for, yes. Ingredients of products must be verified and labeled. Standard business practices ought to be applied, and, of course, taxes and regulations are part of that equation. Well, throughout the country, this industry is taking the public away from gangsters, away from criminal drug dealers. Now, who is being helped? But first let me note on that. If we eliminate this right of the States to basically legalize the medical use of marijuana and put it in the hands of those people whom I have just described, honest businessmen who are going to be held accountable and held with transparent types of operations, no, they will be replaced by whom? They will be replaced by drug dealers. They will be replaced by the Mexican drug cartel. That is who is being helped if we eliminate this provision that has been part of the appropriations bill for the Department of Justice for the last 3 years. So why are we thinking about helping, not only just superseding what the people locally have voted for—why aren’t we thinking about that?—but worse than that, why are we thinking 
about transferring those billions of dollars now in this industry directly into the pockets of the drug cartels? That is what the vote is. The vote is not, oh, we are going to stop anybody from using marijuana because marijuana is bad. That is not the vote. That is not the result of the vote. The result of the vote will be billions of dollars immediately transferred into the pockets of the drug cartel. That is what will happen. So I implore my colleagues to look closely with this vote. I hope that the Rules Committee will see the error of its ways and permit a vote on the floor on this issue. If not, I will be calling on my colleagues to join me in opposing the rule that is coming to the floor that prohibits us from voting on this issue. If we vote on the issue, let’s all vote on the issue and let the voters hold us accountable for our vote, but don’t just let nobody have a vote on it and hide behind anonymity. No, let’s let the people know what side we are on. Do we want to have drug cartels being handed billions of dollars? That is what this is about. Oh, yes, we are going to say, well, fewer people will use marijuana. No, I do not believe that for an instant. And especially people who are using it for medical purposes, there won’t be fewer of them. Those people still need medical marijuana, and they have arthritis and all kinds—the Vietnam—actually, not Vietnam vets, but the vets coming back from the Gulf. The veterans are coming back, and they know that this can help them. We are now turning off the supply of medical marijuana to people who can be helped, and then what are we doing? We are giving the money that is being made by honest businessmen now in a transparent way, trying to run something where taxes are paid and everybody is held accountable, anything they sell is labeled—no, no. All of that is out the window because someone thinks marijuana, itself, is evil. Children, especially those who are afflicted by seizures, have been treated through the use of CBD oils. That is a derivative of cannabis, and it appears to be effective. Senior citizens are both physically and psychologically assisted in dealing with some of the challenges that often come with old age. Alzheimer’s, arthritis, chronic pain, these are things that our seniors, when they are sitting in old folks homes or wherever, they suffer, and we say: No, you can’t try marijuana; no, we are not going to let you legally be able to obtain that as something that might help you with your suffering. How ridiculous is that? All Americans who suffer from diseases ranging from Crohn’s disease to cancer, the potential to receive medical benefit from cannabis is clear. And the wounded American soldiers coming home from the Middle East, they have come to our offices. They have been in my office, and I am sure they have been in other people’s offices to explain the positive effects of cannabis in dealing with PTSD. In fact, the American Legion, an organization chartered in the aftermath of World War I to represent veterans, adopted a resolution last month urging the Federal Government to allow VA physicians to discuss and to recommend the use of medical marijuana in accordance with State laws. My goodness, I will just have to say that for us to turn our back on these seniors, to say that these people who have young children who had seizures and they couldn’t stop them and to turn our back on those people, to turn our back on our veterans, that is what this vote is all about. This isn’t about, oh, well, somebody can just go smoke marijuana. And, by the way, if an adult is smoking marijuana in their backyard, yes, I don’t think that we should waste police resources and billions of dollars of law enforcement money to try to stop an adult from using marijuana in his backyard. But that is not the issue. The issue is whether States that have legalized the medical use of it should be superseded by us here, by the vote that we are going to have here in the next few days. Let me tell you something about how I didn’t know how the public would respond to the fact that I am one of the leaders in this whole effort to legalize the medical use of cannabis. You know, I was Ronald Reagan’s speechwriter, and I have been a Republican all my life. I get the top score on conservative groups that, you know, are giving you a score of how you voted and everything. I have received very high marks in all of those groups, and I have been a conservative voter. I have a conservative, libertarian background. I was Ronald Reagan’s speechwriter for 7
1⁄2years in the White House. I got elected in 1988, the last year of Reagan’s term in the White House, and I sort of slipped into this issue because it is a principled issue to me. The principle is freedom, liberty, justice, and if you are not hurting somebody else; but especially we should let people who are suffering, at the very least give them some leeway when it comes to medical uses. Well, I knew that I was getting a lot of publicity on this, and a fellow came into my office to talk to me about a totally different issue, about an aerospace issue. I am one of the senior members of the Science Committee, and I said—now, this guy represents, to me, my typical voter, my conservative voter in Canton, California. The conservative voter was a guy who has been a commander or a captain in the U.S. Navy, a pilot. He was now in aerospace, and I am sure he always voted Republican. And so I asked him, I said: Look, what do you think about the fact that the guy you have been voting for all this time is now the leader in the fight to legalize medical marijuana for the people of this State and this country? He looked at me, and he said: DANA, you really don’t know me very well. I said: Well, I know you are a former pilot in the Navy and you are now in aerospace and you are a conservative vote. And he says: Yeah, but you don’t know that I have three sons—three sons—and the day after 9/11, they all marched off and joined the military. And then what you don’t know also is, a few years later, two of them came back, but the third one who came back wasn’t my son anymore. The third one that came back was on the floor in seizures because he had been in some kind of an explosion that had rattled his brain, and he was on the floor over these seizures and they wouldn’t stop. How would you feel about your child on the floor having seizures that you cannot stop? And now when I tell these people: We don’t care about that; you are not going to get to try medical marijuana—well, this guy said he tried everything. He took him to the VA, and it didn’t help. After about a year, this guy said one of the guys at the VA hospital pulled him aside and said: Hey, you want to help your son? See me off campus. They saw him in his office off the VA hospital, and the guy said: Look, your son needs marijuana. Here is the prescription. Here is how to use it. Go do it. And do you know what the guy said to me there in my office? He said: My son hasn’t had a seizure since that day. You wonder what I want to do about you being the point man on legalizing medical marijuana? I want to go over and give you a big hug. That is what he said. b2000 Now, I hope that my colleagues take this seriously because there are children on the floor having these seizures. There are veterans waiting there in seizures. There are old folks who are having arthritis and they can’t move their hands, or they have lost their appetites in these senior citizen homes. There is nothing wrong with us using cannabis to help alleviate their pain. We have been doing that for 3 years, and now the Rules Committee may not even permit us to have a vote on it, and they will take it out of this bill. We will be taking this away, without even having our people have to vote on it or not. Well, I say if you disagree with me, that is fine. If you don’t think the drug cartels will be enriched, fine. Come up and make your arguments. When I lost this vote on a number of occasions, before we won 3 or 4 years ago, I lived with it. I said: Fine; I lost the vote. I respect those people’s opinion, and they beat me. Well, I expect that is what a democracy is supposed to be all about. That is what it is supposed to be all about. 
Let people be held accountable for this. Don’t take it out of the bill. If they take it out of the judiciary appropriations bill, I am asking my colleagues to stand up and vote against a rule that is shielding us from accountability, shielding us from having to have, basically, responsibility for handing billions of dollars over to the drug cartels. Now the argument, of course, is: Oh, there is an opiate—you know, some kind of, what do they call it, an epidemic. An epidemic that is crossing America is opiates. Well, yes, there is. When young people, or old people, are given opiates by their doctors, that is what happens: they get addicted to the opiates. If their doctors have no alternative, like cannabis, to provide their patients with something that might help them with their challenge, well, then you are going to get opiates, and that is what has happened. Our doctors have been passing out opiates as if they are candy. It is the legalization of medical marijuana that makes it more likely that we will defeat the opiate epidemic and get our people back to a point where they can actually control their own lives. No one has ever died from an overdose of marijuana. Now, I can tell you this. I understand that people really want to help young people, and others, not to get addicted to drugs. And I will say, no one has ever overdosed on cannabis. Yes, there are some serious concerns of why you don’t want young people, in particular, using cannabis. But to make it illegal, to put people in jail for using this, for basically leaving the distribution of marijuana in the hands of criminals, is far worse in what happens than any of the things that happen if young people—or, well, if anybody—start smoking a joint. And let me just say, I think young people, we need to talk to them seriously. When we tell them we don’t even think marijuana should be used for medical purposes, they tune out. But if we say, we know there are some legitimate uses for this, but when you are 20 years old, it is going to hurt your mind development, do not use marijuana until at least you are over 20 years old, and we are only making it legal now in this bill, or if you have some medical problems. Well, the fact is that young people can understand that. That is one of the reasons why we have got to have research into cannabis, other than just leaving these opiates as the easy answer for doctors. In fact, one of the greatest sins, I believe, committed against the American people in the last 100 years has been really a lack of research into cannabis as a potential healthcare device or, shall I say, entity so that, instead of doing research into cannabis for the last 100 years, research has been suppressed. There could be some really wonderful things, and we are learning about them now. A few years ago, for example, Israel had to lead the way on this and introduce a major research effort into cannabis, and their results have been spectacular. Why does that happen in Israel and not here? Don’t we care about whether those things that they discovered there that affects their people will help our people as well? No, no. We couldn’t do that because we have people who are still living in the 1960s when to them cannabis—marijuana—means everybody growing their hair long, smoking dope in the park, and fornicating in the park, and failing in life, becoming hippies, and all of that. The bottom line is that image is destroying the wellbeing of millions of Americans today. We have got to get over that image because that is not what medical cannabis is all about. And as I say, young people under 20 years of age, I have no problem outlawing it for them and having some kind of severe penalty for people selling that to them. We need to protect them because it does impact negatively on kids who are under 20 years of age, or in that age group. But let me also note: those kids shouldn’t be drinking as well. The same studies that show that marijuana will really hurt the development of their brains and affect their electrical system also says that when they overdrink at an early age it has that same type of impact. So those trying to protect us Americans from ourselves are wellintentioned. They certainly understand these negative impacts, and there are negative impacts of everything. There are negative impacts of too much sugar; there are negative impacts of eating the wrong things, or not getting any exercise, or sitting down in front of your computer, or only sitting and watching TV. But if we go down the road and we let the government just protect us from ourselves, and that we are saying the government needs to just control our lives for us, no, that is not going to happen. That is not what our Founding Fathers were all about, and that is not what this country is all about. Yes, there are things that we don’t want young people to be involved with when it comes to cannabis. It is true with so many other things. And, also, we can’t control that if we leave the drug cartels as the major player. Perhaps the most serious downside of using cannabis over the last 50 years has been the financing of these drug cartels in Mexico and developing countries. But now, with the continued enactment of RohrabacherFarr, the vast majority of States have charted another course, rather than what we have had before, before our things passed. Well, the billions of dollars, this multibilliondollar industry has been taking shape, and it is taking a huge market share away from the cartels and the gangs. Number one, it is important that we make sure young people, veterans, older people, people who need this, people who are infirmed and need this help with cannabis and it can help them, first and foremost, let’s let the States decide whether or not that is going to be a right for people to try to treat themselves with cannabis in those States. Okay, that is number one. But, number two, let’s make sure that the money that is now being spent and organized to try to provide those people with their supply, and doing it in a very professional way with how much and what strength they are getting, et cetera, and people held accountable, let’s not turn that off and eliminate that and just send these people to the drug cartels. It is ridiculous. And, finally, for me and many of my conservative colleagues, this has always been an issue of federalism and freedom. This has always been an issue that goes right back to the fundamentals. Our Founding Fathers did not expect that the Federal Government would assume such a prominent role when it comes to policing our lives. Rather, they intended the States to take the lead when exercising police powers. The 46 States have, thus far, sought a different course when it comes to medical cannabis. These States should not be stymied by an allpowerful Federal Government dictating what we, and the citizens of this country, shall do in our private lives. The States, and the people therein, should be left to make these decisions and to regulate these activities, or not regulate them, as they see fit. What has happened now, because we have gotten away from this idea that Federalism will decide, the issue of Federalism, the 10th Amendment, what we have now are situations where we have different armies, like the DEA and others, who have had raids taking place throughout our country. This was not what our Founding Fathers had in mind. This effort to try to put in jail anybody who is even using marijuana for anything, what we have done is in the Black and Chicano communities, in particular, minority communities who have less money, they have suffered the most because if their children— let’s say a 20yearold young man gets arrested in the ghetto, well, he is not going to have a lawyer like that, like people who live in more affluent areas. So that record will stick with him for the rest of his life. We have wasted billions of dollars of their lives that they could be having better jobs 10 years down the road by hanging this on their back. We wonder why people can’t get jobs. Well, somebody from a more affluent home, there is a lawyer waiting for them at the police station if he is ever caught with a baggy of marijuana. Well, that is not good to have that young man in the ghetto, or anywhere else, or even in the affluent communities, to have to have a criminal record for something that, yes, might 
have a negative impact on him. We should instead—let me just offer this as a solution. Let’s go forward with some positive programs, rather than superseding State law with a heavy handed, ironfisted enforcement of laws controlling people’s private behavior and their private consumption of what they want to consume. Let’s put our effort into offering a positive alternative. For example, in high schools and colleges, and even in grade schools, we can have drug testing. In our military, we can have drug testing. But it is not drug testing to put someone in jail. If you do it that way, you can’t do that legally. You can’t force someone to testify against themselves. But if you say: We want to see if you have a problem, and you are not going to get a driver’s license if you don’t pass drug free; and you can be given a drug test in high school at any time, and if your test comes back negative, you talk to the family of a young person who has been tested and has been using some kind of drug. We can do those types of things. We can do those things that aren’t aimed at obliterating someone’s future by giving them a felony conviction for having a little bit of marijuana on them. That is ridiculous. And we don’t need to give the drug cartels all the money in making sure that people in the old folks’ home down the street don’t get to smoke marijuana to take care of their arthritis. That is all ridiculous. Now we are facing this challenge here. This will be a vote this week. I would ask my colleagues: Please, let us have the amendment that we have had for 3 years, keep the status quo of letting the States handle this issue, let the States do that. This is a States’ rights issue. Thomas Jefferson would be for us. At the same time, if we do not get a vote on this and they try to hide behind it—we are not even going to get a chance to vote on it, thus we are not going to be held accountable for eliminating this freedom that we have and this federalism that we have—if we don’t get that vote, I am asking my colleagues, especially my Republican colleagues—and I ask the public to pay attention to how people vote—a vote for the rule if this amendment, if the RohrabacherBlumenauer amendment is not permitted, then a vote for the rule is a vote for giving money to the drug cartels, it is a vote for eliminating the law as it is today, which is leaving it up to the States and bringing the Federal Government back to our local and State areas in an enforcement mode. We don’t need that. If we don’t get this, if my amendment, the Rohrabacher amendment, is not permitted, I would hope that my colleagues would join me in voting against the rule, which sends that bill back to the committee, to the Rules Committee, where they will then either add it or not, but at least gives us a chance to have a direct vote on it again if we defeat it the first time. So I say strike a blow for freedom, make sure we have reaffirmed the idea of federalism, personal responsibility, not government controls over our lives, let’s do what our Founding Fathers did, let’s strike a blow for liberty. That is what this is about: liberty. And it is not about having power in the hands of the Federal Government to come down and tell us how to run our lives and centralizing power in Washington, D.C. So I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for my amendment if it is permitted on the floor and, if it is not, to vote against the rule on the appropriations bill for the Justice Department. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2347 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) at 11 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. LAMBORN (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of flight delays. Mr. CUMMINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of medical leave. Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of husband’s health. Mr. SUOZZI (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of mother’s funeral. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services discharged from further consideration. 
H.R. 1843 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 3672. A bill making supplemental appropriations for disaster relief requirements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 3673. A bill to impose a ban on the importation of certain petroleum products from Venezuela; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 3674. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to allow small business concerns, homeowners, or nonprofit entities to use certain Superstorm Sandy grant funds or other disaster assistance received to repay certain disaster assistance provided by the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. COSTA ): H.R. 3675. A bill to provide that Members of Congress shall be paid last whenever the Treasury is unable to satisfy the obligations of the United States Government in a timely manner because the public debt limit has been reached; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 3676. A bill to provide that human life shall be deemed to exist from conception; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 3677. A bill to designate the Peter J. McGuire Memorial and Peter J. McGuire Gravesite located in Pennsauken, New Jersey, as a National Historic Landmark, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3678. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to designate the District of Columbia as an empowerment zone; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. PASCRELL ): H.R. 3679. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for major disasters declared in any of calendar years 2012 through 2015, to make certain tax relief provisions permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 3680. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide financial assistance for supportive services for very lowincome veteran families in permanent housing; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. VEASEY: H. Res. 501. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of September as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 3672. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 3673. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 states that ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 3674. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. COOPER: H.R. 3675. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sections 8 and 9 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 3676. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Actile I, Section 8, and Article III, Section 1 which give the Congress power to establish and limit the jurisdiction of lower federal courts as well as Article III, Section 2 which gives Congress the power to make exceptions to Supreme Court regulations. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 3677. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3678. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. REED: H.R. 3679. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 3680. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 154: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ONOVAN , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 203: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 246: Mr. WOMACK , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 252: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 265: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 350: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 365: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 384: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 389: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 392: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. ROSS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. CORREA , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 398: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 453: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 548: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 681: Mr. BABIN and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 747: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 772: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 785: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 807: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. COOK, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 819: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 845: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 919: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 980: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 982: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 1017: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. R USH, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1038: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. TROTT , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 1041: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1057: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1065: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1111: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1148: Mr. NORMAN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. POSEY , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 1150: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 1155: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1164: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 1222: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 1223: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1232: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 1241: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 1251: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1266: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1360: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. STIVERS , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1368: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 1406: Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1456: Mr. CUMMINGS and Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas. H.R. 1465: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 1468: Mr. LANCE and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1519: Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 1542: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1555: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 1563: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 1575: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1651: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 1661: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. YODER , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 1664: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1676: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia and Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1686: Mr. KIND. H.R. 1731: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1749: Mr. JONES . H.R. 1759: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. KHANNA , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1789: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 1817: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. NORTON , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1819: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 1824: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1825: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1840: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 1861: Mr. POSEY , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 1896: Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 1897: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1898: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1899: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 1939: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 1953: Mr. SMITH of Missouri and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2000: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. PAYNE , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. KHANNA , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2001: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2037: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 2044: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 2092: Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 2121: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 2123: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 2147: Mr. THOMPSON of California and Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 2149: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2150: Mr. FASO, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. T ED LIEUof California. H.R. 2167: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2186: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2197: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 2224: Mr. CHABOT , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2259: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 2260: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2262: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 2293: Mr. REED. H.R. 2318: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 2319: Mr. BUDD, Mr. L AWSON of Flor ida, and Mr. OLSON . H.R. 2321: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2334: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 2340: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 2375: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2397: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2412: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 2421: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2428: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2465: Mr. BARLETTA and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2501: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2519: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. SIRES, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T HOMASJ. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. LONG, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. R OSS, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 2540: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 2566: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 2598: Ms. NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2641: Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Ms. MOORE , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2642: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2657: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 2658: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 2712: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2736: Mr. JONES . H.R. 2740: Mr. NEAL, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 2747: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2790: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 2797: Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2821: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2840: Mr. PETERS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2851: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 2855: Mr. SABLAN . H.R. 2856: Mr. PALAZZO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. ROTHFUS , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2871: Mr. OLSON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. LAHOOD, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. COFFMAN , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 2899: Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 2915: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2925: Mr. MASTand Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2943: Mr. SMITH of Washington and Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 2948: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. PETERS , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2968: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2976: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. GAETZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. MCNERNEY , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2997: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3029: Mr. ELLISON , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 3032: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. KIHUEN , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . H.R. 3048: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3059: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3067: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3079: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3101: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3174: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3212: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3236: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 3248: Ms. LEEand Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 3274: Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. F ASO, Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, Ms. MENG, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. WELCH , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. COHEN , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. GABBARD , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. CRIST, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. HANDEL , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 3282: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 3304: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3305: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3320: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3332: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 3342: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . H.R. 3356: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 3365: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3378: Mr. COLEand Mr. S MITH of Mis souri. H.R. 3380: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3388: Mr. HARPER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. WALDEN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. KINZINGER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. F LORES , Mr. MULLIN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. C ARTER of Geor gia, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. BURGESS , Mr. R USH, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. P ALLONE , Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 3394: Mr. HARPER , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 3395: Mr. MAST. H.R. 3484: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 3497: Mr. LAMALFA and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 3503: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3533: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3536: Mr. CONYERS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. KAPTUR , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 3550: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3551: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 3570: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 3576: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3605: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3611: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3638: Mr. MAST, Mr. W EBSTER of Flor ida, and Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 3641: Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3671: Mr. ELLISON and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.J. Res. 74: Mr. RASKIN . H. J. Res. 75: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. NORTON , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illi nois, Mr. LAHOOD, and Mr. L EWIS of Min nesota. H. Con. Res. 25: Mr. DESAULNIER . H. Con. Res. 27: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. M CGOVERN, Ms. L EE, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. E LLISON . H. Con. Res. 73: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H. Res. 69: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H. Res. 129: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 443: Mr. GROTHMAN . H. Res. 464: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. PAULSEN . H. Res. 479: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. PALLONE . H. Res. 486: Mr. GOSAR and Mr. M CGOVERN . H. Res. 495: Ms. LEE. H. Res. 496: Mr. MOULTON . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 1697: Mr. RUSH. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4917 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 No. 142 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 