Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleagues, Congresswoman NANCY  PELOSI , Congressman J ARED HUFFMAN and Congressman MIKETHOMPSON , to recognize Roger Thomas, Captain of the Salty Lady, member of the California Outdoor Hall of Fame, and lifelong advocate to keep west coast salmon fisheries alive and sustainable. Many in this chamber, the California Legislature and multiple agencies have worked with Roger for decades and are proud to call this honorable and remarkable man a friend, mentor and colleague. He is one of the most decent and hardworking human beings one can know. Roger’s passion for fishing started as a child. Born in Gilroy, California, he started fishing at an early age for striped bass from the beaches along Monterey Bay and later for salmon from a small boat launched at the Monterey Pier. He was hooked on salmon fishing and became a regular customer on charter boats out of San Francisco. Before too long, one of the captains offered Roger a job as a deck hand and, as they say, the rest is history. Roger received his captain’s license in 1968. While working fulltime for the County of Santa Clara on housing issues, he ran charter boats on weekends. At one point he had acquired a fleet of five boats that were run by several captains. In 1981, he retired from his government job and dedicated all of his time and energy to fisheries and ocean conservation. There hasn’t been a salmon related association or council that Roger hasn’t served on. Since 1973, he has been the President of the Golden Gate Fishermen’s Association which represents charter boats from Fort Bragg to Monterey and carries some 200,000 anglers each year. He is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Golden Gate Salmon Association which represents commercial and recreational fishermen and works on protecting salmon habitat. For 14 years, he has served on the Pacific Fisheries Management Council which, among other duties, sets the ocean salmon seasons. Roger is a member of the Bay Delta Advisory board, the Winter RunCaptive Broodstock Committee, the Central Valley Fisheries Coalition, the Marine Advisory Committee to the Secretary of Commerce, the Coastal Resources Foundation, the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission, the National Sea Grant Review Panel and the Marine Resources Committee. Roger runs his charters on the Salty Lady out of Sausalito and Half Moon Bay. He proudly calls himself a salmon charter operation, but additionally runs whale watching and nature trips and has introduced thousands of children and adults to the magic of marine life. He has spent more than 10,000 days on the ocean and you will be hardpressed to find someone with deeper knowledge and appreciation for that ecosystem. He also has the gift of storytelling and a mind that remembers every detail, including one of his most vivid ones from his childhood. He saw the last of the San Joaquin Spring run chinook salmon before they went extinct. His uncle took him to Friant Dam right after it was constructed. The salmon were stuck at the end of the line imposed to divert water to fields in the San Joaquin valley. They were ‘‘big fish,’’ Roger says stretching out his arms, ‘‘just big fish.’’ Roger is a familiar face in Congress where he has represented the interests of the charter boat fleet and the health of west coast salmon stocks for decades. In the 1980s, he was appointed by then Vice President George Bush to the National Sea Grant Review Panel. In this role he traveled to ports around the country and helped decide which projects were worthy and would be funded. Roger was instrumental in former Representative George Miller’s 1992 Central Valley Improvement Act and its eventual passage. The CVP is a key law to stop environmental harm to salmon and the Bay Delta. When salmon populations collapsed in 2008 and 2009, Roger worked closely with Representative MIKETHOMPSON to provide disaster relief to salmon fishermen. Roger Thomas’ tireless work has earned him the respect and adoration of countless people. With his recent tragic diagnosis of late stage cancer, it is our intention through these extended remarks in the CONGRESSIONAL  RECORD to express our appreciation for his outstanding work and lasting contributions. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Members of the House of Representatives to join us in celebrating the life of Roger Thomas who loves fish, loves the ocean, and above all loves people. He has touched many hearts, protected many livelihoods and has earned the admiration of coastal communities up and down the western seaboard. 
HONORING SUZANNE SMITH, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Suzanne Smith, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Ms. Smith is very deserving of this award and recognition. 
Suzanne Smith was born in Sechelt, British Columbia, Canada and immigrated to the United States at the age of six. She is the successful Executive Director of the Sonoma County Transportation Authority and the Sonoma County Regional Climate Protection Authority. As Executive Director of the Sonoma County Transportation Authority, Ms. Smith has orchestrated numerous projects, including the widening of Highway 101 and the development of the SMART rail line. She lobbied at the state and federal levels to secure funding for these projects while also securing a voter approved sales tax measure to support future transportation developments in Sonoma County. She is the founder of the Sonoma County Regional Climate Protection Authority (RCPA), where she helped establish a climate action plan in Sonoma County to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020. The RCPA was recognized by President Barack Obama as one of sixteen Climate Action Champions in the United States. Suzanne Smith serves on the boards of the Red Cross, Leadership Santa Rosa, Tomorrow’s Leaders Today and as a member of Sonoma County’s Democratic Central Committee. Ms. Smith holds a BA in Political Science from the University of California, San Diego and an MPA from the University of San Francisco. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Ms. Suzanne Smith for her achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today with the American Dream Award. 
HONORING WILLIAM K.W. KIM, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. William K.W. Kim, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to California’s 5th Congressional District communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Mr. Kim exemplifies these attributes and is very deserving of this award and recognition. Mr. Kim was born in Daegu, South Korea and immigrated to the United States. He and his wife Yolanda came to Vallejo in 1980. He is a successful business owner and a hard working member of our community. Over the past 36 years, Mr. Kim taught over 10,000 students to be leaders in society through Taekwondo in Vallejo. The philosophy of Taekwondo and Mr. Kim’s teaching have helped students from all walks of life. Many struggling young people have found support and personal growth through their lessons from Mr. Kim. He currently operates William Kim’s Taekwondo Center, one of the nation’s largest martial arts facilities. He holds the highest rank in Taekwondo, the 9th Degree Black Belt, and was inducted into the ‘‘Taekwondo Hall of Fame’’ in 2009. In addition to running his business and mentoring our youth, Mr. Kim is an active member of the Vallejo community. Most notably, he initiated the Sister City Relations with Jincheon, South Korea and the City of Vallejo in 1999. He has helped us improve our community’s relationship with the people of South Korea. Mr. Kim currently serves as the International Liaison Officer for the two cities. Mr. Kim and his wife have a son and two daughters. They strive to live positive lives and help others do the same. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Mr. William K.W. Kim for his achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor him here today with the American Dream Award. f 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to welcome President Moon Jaein of the Republic of Korea upon his first visit to the United States. Rooted in rich history, the United States and the Republic of Korea share a special relationship based on robust bonds of collaboration and camaraderie. The most illustrative manifestations of American and Korean partnership have been the economic and security alliances formed since the early 1950s. Together, we have worked to thwart the spread of territorial and international threats while also engaging in mutually beneficial trade and investment. In the 21st century, our special relationship will only expand as we face new challenges to regional and global security and promote free and fair trade. Our nations must forge ahead to put an end to North Korea’s nuclear program. Failure on this front would compromise global peace and state sovereignty. And, ultimately, we must continue to seek an end to the conflict between the North and the South—which has destroyed lives and entire families—by reunifying the Korean Peninsula. As our nations encounter a critical moment in history—a moment simultaneously fraught with peril yet abound with opportunity—this visit provides an opportunity to enhance our established commitment to security and the advancement of strategic interests. Mr. Speaker, I welcome President Moon and look forward to our continuous and prosperous partnership with the Republic of Korea. 
HONORING LUISA ACOSTA, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Luisa Acosta, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Ms. Acosta is very deserving of this award and recognition. Ms. Acosta was born in Mexico and immigrated to the United States. She is a successful community activist and is committed to social justice, particularly for employee rights. Luisa Acosta, the daughter of immigrant farmworkers, spent her childhood in the fields harvesting pears and walnuts and working in a fruit packing facility, Though this work was difficult, her time as a farmworker instilled in her a fierce determination, resilience and desire to better her community through social justice work. She has worked as a Lake County Substance Abuse Counselor, a paralegal and a grant writer for United Farmworkers of America, a representative for Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local and an internal organizer for National Union of Health Workers. Ms. Acosta is an active participant in local politics and serves on the Lake County Democratic Central Committee. She finds time to direct and instruct various Latino cultural programs, including the Kelseyville Ballet Folklorico and the Lake County Fair Latino Fiesta. Ms. Acosta cites the farmworker activist and leader, Cesar Chavez, as one of her inspirations, and she strives to impact her community as he did—through humility, kindness and fearless leadership. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Ms. Luisa Acosta for her achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today with the American Dream Award. f 
HONORING GUSTAVO BRAMBILA, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Gustavo Brambila, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Mr. Brambila is very deserving of this award and recognition. Mr. Brambila was born in Jalisco, Mexico, and immigrated to the United States in 1957. He is a successful vintner and his hard work and ingenuity makes him one of our community’s finest entrepreneurs. Mr. Brambila developed an interest in wine making as he watched his father work in winery maintenance. He later joined Mike Grgich and Jim Barret in 1976 at Chateau Montelena to begin his career in the wine community. Shortly after, he joined Mike Grgich in the opening of Grgich Hill Cellars in 1977, where, in his first harvest, he produced the winning chardonnay in the Great Chardonnay Showdown of 1980. Inspired by oldworld wine making techniques, Mr. Brambila produced his first wine under the Gustavo Wine label in 1996. 
Mr. Brambila has been a trail blazer for both vintners and MexicanAmericans. He was one of the first Latinos to earn a degree in Fermentation Science from University of California, Davis’s oenolgy program. He has also traveled to Washington, D.C., with a group of MexicanAmerican Vintners to support the mission of the Smithsonian Institution. Mr. Brambila has been active in our community, appearing on our local news channel and hosting events like an outdoor movie night for local families. He has gained international recognition with his involvement in the landmark wine competition known as the Judgment of Paris. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Mr. Gustavo Brambila for his achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor him here today with the American Dream Award. 
HONORING MARYAM MOHSENZA DEH, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Maryam Mohsenzadeh, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Dr. Mohsenzadeh is very deserving of this award and recognition. Dr. Mohsenzadeh was born in Iran and immigrated to the United States at the age of 14. She moved to St. Helena, California in 2006 with her husband, Dr. Hossein Razavi. She is the Director of Queen of the Valley Hospital’s Mobile Dental Clinic Community where she delivers oral care to the most vulnerable children of our community. Dr. Mohsenzadeh grew up in a small town in Iran, where she did not have the right to an education. Her ambition to go to school and her brave choice to leave her home without her parents’ knowledge, shows the grit and determination she needed to immigrate to the United States. With a Doctoral degree in Dental Surgery and additional training in Hospital Dentistry, Dr. Mohsenzadeh is an example of how hard work and sacrifice enriches our communities. Dr. Mohsenzadeh transformed her suffering into the empathy she needs in order to be a focused, compassionate and fearless dentist for the most vulnerable members of our community. Through her work with Queen’s Mobile Dental Clinic, Dr. Mohsenzadeh delivers free dental care to children and young adults who are uninsured or unable to pay for the high cost of dental care. She has made more than 45,000 clinic visits to children from the under served population of Napa County since 2008. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Dr. Maryam Mohsenzadeh for her achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today with the American Dream Award. HONORING THE LIFE OF RAYMOND V. WALENDZAK HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Raymond V. Walendzak, who served for over 20 years as the Chief of the Oregon Fire Department. Ray passed away in his Oregon home surrounded by his family on June 7, 2017. Ray was born in Toledo, Ohio on September 27, 1941 to Joan and Stanley Walendzak. He played football and wrestled for Clay High School, from which he graduated in 1959. Ray continued his education at Findlay College, and then joined the United States Air Force and served in West Germany. In 1968, Ray became an Oregon firefighter, where he began his service in the department’s maintenance division, became a fire prevention officer, a district chief, and the assistant chief. Ray’s father also served as a firefighter, which helped Ray bridge the differences between the different generations who were serving as firefighters. He appreciated the traditions of fire service, and also the need to modernize fire service with technology. Ray became Fire Chief in 1986 and retired in 2007 for a total of 39 years of fire service. While Fire Chief, Ray made sure his department was current in training and technology, and made sure that the department had the right equipment. Ray has said that his biggest achievement was getting a fire training facility built in Oregon. His passion about the firefighting community led him to serve its various organizations which include serving as the past president of the Ohio Fire Chiefs Association, Lucas County Fire Chiefs Association, Oregon Fire Fighters Association, Ottawa County Fireman’s Association, and, for over 26 years, as past president and secretary of the Northwest Ohio Volunteer Fire Association. He had received the Ohio Fire Chiefs’ Association’s Distinguished Service Award, and was inducted into the Ohio Fire Service Hall of Fame. Ray served as a Governor appointee to the State of the Ohio Board of Emergency Medical Services for 12 years. He was inducted into the Clay High School Hall of Fame in 2014. Ray’s commitment to his community did not just stop with the fire department—it extended through his service to his church, St. Ignatius, and through many of the civic organizations he was a member of: the American Legion Christ Dunberger Post No. 537, Knights of Columbus, Swiss Club at the GAF, and the Clay Boosters. Ray dedicated an enormous amount of time to the youth of his community, where he was a longtime coach of youth baseball through the Oregon Recreation Department. Ray also served as a football coach at Oregon Clay High School. His dedication to the young members of his community led him to run for four terms on the Oregon Board of Education where he also served as Board President. Ray will be remembered for his dedication to his chosen profession of Fire Fighting and for his dedication to the Oregon community at large. We offer Ray’s children, Dean, Donald and Dennis, his six grandchildren, his family and friends our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonderful memories of what Ray had meant to each of the institutions that he served. 
HONORING MYRNA LARDIZABAL DE VERA, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Myrna Lardizabal De Vera, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Mayor De Vera is very deserving of this award and recognition. Mayor De Vera was born in Cebu City, Philippines and immigrated to the United States. She has lived in Hercules, CA since 1991. She is a successful insurance agency owner and public servant. Mayor De Vera learned the value of community service from her parents who were both active in their Cebu City community. She began volunteering with the Cebu Jaycees and Rotary Club of CebuWest when she was six years old. She received her Bachelor’s Degree in Architecture from the University of the Philippines before immigrating to the United States. Mayor De Vera honors her parents’ Filipino heritage and legacy of community service by working with organizations such as the Filipina Women’s Network and Hercules Democratic Club. Mayor De Vera was elected to be the Mayor of Hercules in 2011, 2014 and 2017. She is the only women and Filipina on the city council, something she does not take lightly saying, ‘‘I took on the challenge of changing the stereotyping of Filipinas.’’ Ms. De Vera dedicates herself to public service not just in Hercules, but throughout the region, serving on various commissions and committees to help improve the lives of those around her. Her great work led the Hercules Chamber of Commerce to name her Citizen of the Year in 2014. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Mayor Myrna Lardizabal De Vera for her achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today with the American Dream Award. 
HONORING NATALY DEHERRERA, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Nataly Deherrera, 
whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Ms. Deherrera is very deserving of this award and recognition. Ms. Deherrera was born in Angeles City, Philippines and immigrated to the United States. She is a successful business owner and a compassionate volunteer. Ms. Deherrera is driven by integrity. Her personal success and contributions to our community are examples of the American Dream at work. As owner of TaxAce Group Inc., a five star accounting firm, she voluntarily assists hospice groups, firefighters, and teachers with their aunual tax returns. She also provides free tax classes for small business owners and free educational workshops for families. She volunteers for the national organization, City Impact, which supports urban youth, families and neighborhoods. With a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Accounting and Computing, Ms. Deherrera has set an exceptional example for her two daughters, Natasha and Andrea. Natasha is a graduate of the University of California at Davis, and Andrea is currently attending San Francisco State University. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Ms. Nataly Deherrera for her achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today with the American Dream Award. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, today I congratulate Diane Griffiths on a long career of service to the State of California, and on her retirement on June 1, 2017. Diane Griffiths served many years as chief of staff to my friend and former colleague in the California legislature, Robert Hertzberg, including during his two terms as the 64th Speaker of the California Assembly, as well as after his election to the California Senate. As a former Speaker myself, I know how vital a role the Speaker’s chief of staff plays in the success of each legislative session and the legislature overall. Diane worked diligently to keep herself informed on the substance of a wide range of issues, while also handling the myriad management tasks involved in the running of an operation as complex as a legislative leadership office. She has worked in the Legislature in many different roles and handled a broad range of policy, legal and administrative issues. Senator Hertzberg describes her as ‘‘the consummate chief of staff’’ and praises her for always striving to help others to be as effective as possible. Previously, Diane served as chief of staff to the University of California Board of Regents. She was also General Counsel to California’s Fair Political Practices Commission. A graduate of the Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley, she clerked for the California and Alaska Supreme Courts after graduation. Diane will be missed, but I appreciate the decades of service that she gave to the citizens of California and I wish her all the best in her new endeavors. f 
HONORING SONU CHANDI, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Sonu Chandi, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Mr. Chandi is very deserving of this award and recognition. Mr. Chandi was born in India and immigrated to the United States in 2000, at the age of sixteen. He is the successful founder and CEO of Chandi Hospitality Group, which manages fourteen restaurants and the North Bay branch of Mountain Mike’s Pizza. Though Sonu Chandi arrived in the United States with little money and knowledge of English, his powerful work ethic helped him achieve his dream of owning a restaurant. After seeing his father work tirelessly in restaurant kitchens, Sonu and his brothers helped their father open his own restaurant, forming the Chandi Hospitality Group. In 2007, the Chandi Hospitality Group invested in the Mountain Mike’s Pizza franchise and became integral to the franchise’s development in the North Bay area of California. Mr. Chandi’s business strategy is community centered, and he has used his profits to support local organizations, such as Food for Thought, The Cancer Society, The Living Room, and The Heart Association. The Chandi Hospitality Group has also funded programs for Santa Rosa Junior College, Sonoma State University and several local public schools. Sonu Chandi is an active member of the Santa Rosa Chamber of Commerce. He is a fine example of a socially conscious businessman, using his impressive success to nourish his local community. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Mr. Sonu Chandi for his achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor him here today with the American Dream Award. f 
HONORING NEWTON LUU AND JACKIE TRUONG, RECIPIENTS OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Newton Luu and Mrs. Jackie Truong, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Mr. Newton Luu and Mrs. Jackie Truong are very deserving of this award and recognition. Mr. Luu was born in Vietnam and immigrated to the United States in 1975, following the fall of Saigon in the Vietnam War. Mrs. Truong, also born in Vietnam, arrived in the U.S. shortly after the end of the Vietnam War. Newton Luu and Jackie Truong met while attending San Francisco State University. Newton is now the president and founder of LeChat Nail Care Products. Jackie is the head of international product education and is the driving force in product development. Together, they have built a company that does business with hundreds of distributors and salons in over 40 countries. Newton and Jackie received the U.S. Department of Commerce President’s ‘‘E’’ Award for their business. Though Newton and Jackie have achieved international business success, Mr. Luu and Mrs. Truong have kept the company headquartered in the Bay Area, with facilities in Hercules and Richmond providing employment opportunities for underserved communities. Newton and Jackie volunteer for local Vietnamese American groups and fundraise for local elections. Their greatest happiness is being parents to two daughters: Logan, age 13, and Megan, age 12. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Mr. Newton Luu and Mrs. Jackie Truong for their achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor them here today with the American Dream Award. 
The Senate met at 9:00:01 a.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 9:00:32 a.m. until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 10, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 3163–3168; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 430 were introduced.
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 3162, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–199). 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Skyline Wesleyan Church, San Diego, CA.
National Council on the Arts—Reappointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the Honorable Chellie Pingree of Maine to the National Council on the Arts.
United States Capitol Preservation Commission—Reappointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the Honorable Marcy Kaptur of Ohio to the United States Capitol Preservation Commission.                                                                                             Page H5383 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 9:03 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 10 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of the Rao nomination, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Monday, July 10 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E946 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E944 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E945 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E943 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E943, E943, E944, E944, E944, E945, E945, E945, E946, E946 