Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today pleased to welcome Pastor Scott Poling, who graciously delivered our opening prayer in the House this morning. For more than 20 years, Pastor Scott has faithfully led the congregation at Harvest New Beginnings Church in Oswego, Illinois, where my family and I attend. His passion for evangelism and outreach is contagious. Those touched by his ministry have seen firsthand his energy and passion for people around the globe. When he is not running ultramarathons or playing tennis, he spends time expanding the church’s international ministry, and has equipped African pastors with the leadership skills to carry God’s truth into their congregations. Scott and his wife, Carla, are celebrating 26 years of lifegiving marriage, along with their five beautiful children. Pastor Scott, we praise God for how your ministry has affected so many, and our legislative work is blessed by your prayers over us today. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BUCSHON ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 200th anniversary of Colonel Sylvanus Thayer entering West Point as the fifth superintendent of the United States Military Academy. Colonel Thayer served 16 years as superintendent and is remembered as the ‘‘Father of the Military Academy.’’ He is responsible for innovations that evolved the Academy into the world’s premier leader development institution. His characterbased leadership education system set new standards that are still expected of all cadets today. The current superintendent is General Bob Caslen, who carries on Colonel Thayer’s traditions and instills the ideals of duty, honor, and country in our future leaders. To that end, the West Point Class of 2017 just graduated, and I congratulate the 936 commissioned 2nd lieutenants of the United States Army as they take their place in the long gray line. The class of 2017 has just begun with 1,230 members beginning their West Point experience. I thank Colonel Thayer and those who follow him for exhibiting courage and developing leaders of character in the defense of our country. With that, I say: Beat Navy. 
REINTRODUCING THE SMART ENFORCEMENT ACT (Ms. DELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, 26 States and the District of Columbia have legalized some form of marijuana, including my home State of Washington. Yet marijuana possession or use for any purpose is still prohibited under Federal law, leaving my constituents, including cancer patients, at risk of prosecution. That is why today I am reintroducing the State Marijuana and Regulatory Tolerance Enforcement Act, the SMART Enforcement Act. My bill will fix the conflict between State and Federal law by giving States a waiver from the Controlled Substances Act. It also resolves the banking issues currently forcing dispensaries to operate in an unsafe allcash basis. These waivers will ensure people in States that have different laws from the Federal Government on marijuana are protected from prosecution, provided they meet certain requirements, because people in these States should not live in fear of unpredictable actions from the Attorney General and the Department of Justice on this issue. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LARRY JEFF ELEY, SR. (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Larry Jeff Eley, Sr., a friend and strong advocate for farmers, growers, and landowners in my home district. He passed away suddenly at the age of 71 on July 17. He was well known in Greene County, Georgia, as a gentle giant and will be remembered for his love for his family and his tireless efforts as president of the Greene County Farm Bureau and his steadfast leadership in the Georgia Association of Conservation Districts. Farming was Larry’s life. He was a guiding force in the community, who actively worked with State and local leaders to foster and promote a better understanding of agriculture. He was a leading voice for Georgia’s farmers. Larry’s legacy will better ensure that our children and grandchildren will experience the same opportunities to enjoy the natural resources of Georgia’s 10th Congressional District just as our parents and grandparents. Mr. Eley is survived by his wife of nearly 50 years, Nancy, and their four children and their grandchildren. Dee Dee and I both extend our thoughts and prayers to the family during this time of bereavement. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to have known Larry and to witness his passion firsthand. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing his unyielding commitment to the State of Georgia and our agriculture community. 
GIVING SMALL BUSINESS A BETTER DEAL (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump has now been President for 188 days, and despite the promises, his Republicancontrolled Congress has not passed a single meaningful piece of job creation legislation. Last night, we watched as Republicans failed in their latest effort to take healthcare from the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is time, at last, to move on. The American people are looking for real proposals to create jobs, increase wages, and strengthen our economy. They are looking for—and they deserve—a better deal. As the ranking member of the Small Business Committee, almost every day I hear from entrepreneurs and small businesses who create jobs in our communities, and under Democratic plans, we will give them tools to further succeed. We will offer small firms tax incentives to bring on and train new employees. We will invest in apprenticeship programs to help meet small businesses’ workforce needs. We will expand internet access to fuel the next generation of innovation and ecommerce. I ask my Republican colleagues, at long last, give up on this obsession with attacking America’s healthcare. Instead, let us move forward with giving America’s workers and small businesses a better deal. f 
AUTHORIZING THE EVERIFY SYSTEM (Mr. LANCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of permanently authorizing the EVerify system and requiring U.S. employers to use the system to ensure their employees are eligible to be working in the United States. I am proud to be a partner with United States Senator GRASSLEY of Iowa in offering legislation to do so, entitled ‘‘The Accountability Through Electronic Verification Act.’’ EVerify is a proven system for making sure job opportunities are for American workers. EVerify is a deterrent against illegal immigration. Expanding it to new workplaces will make sure legal American workers are not shut out of employment. There are 700,000 American businesses that successfully use the E Verify system. There is no cost for the employer or employee to use EVerify, and our legislation will make sure that there are no costs passed onto businesses, their employees, or to customers. We should be considering practical solutions that remove incentives for illegal migration into the United States. We need EVerify up and running, and we need all employers to participate to make it effective. I urge cosponsorship and collaborations from both sides of the aisle to implement this effective policy. 
CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF MELVIN HERBERT EVANS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I speak on behalf of the centennial anniversary of the birth of the Honorable Melvin Herbert Evans. This celebration of Governor Evans’ 100th birthday is both timely and symbolic. Evans was born in 1917, months 
after the transfer of the Virgin Islands from Denmark to the United States, when locals had no citizen rights and no mechanism for which they could have their own elected representation. A son of the soil, he was educated on St. Croix, valedictorian of his high school class on St. Thomas, and in 1944 earned his medical degree from Howard College of Medicine. He returned to St. Croix and was eventually Commissioner of Health of the Virgin Islands. In 1969, Evans was appointed Governor of the Virgin Islands by President Richard Nixon, earning him the distinction of being the territory’s last appointed governor, but more importantly, the territory’s first Black native governor. In 1971, he became the governor elected by the people of the Virgin Islands after a 1970 law which allowed residents to elect their governor. In 1978, he was elected to the House of Representatives in the 96th Congress. And after leaving Congress, he was an Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago. Governor Evans personifies the evolution of the political maturity of the Virgin Islands. His life and legacy symbolized not only the extraordinary achievement of Virgin Islanders—given little but striving and attaining much under the American flag—but also the political growth and progress of our Islands from colonial rule to selfgovernance. 
PRAISING PRO–ACT (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to praise the work of the Council of Southeast Pennsylvania. The council provides resources and opportunities to reduce the impact of addiction, trauma, and other healthrelated issues for the five counties in southeastern Pennsylvania through intervention, education, and mobilization. Established in 1997 by the council, PRO–ACT works to provided advocacy and residence for those suffering from the terrible disease of addiction. Through workshops and peer advocacy meetings for afflicted individuals and families, addiction victims can get back on their feet and learn necessary skills for both recovery and entering the workforce. I am proud to work with my constituent, Executive Director Beverly Haberle, and her administrative team, Cindy Mikalauskas and Stacey Conaway. Mr. Speaker, I want to share the words of a man named Jim, who stated that, through PRO–ACT, ‘‘A fire was lit inside of me, my spirit rekindled by hope.’’ Recovery from addiction is difficult, and it is up to remarkable associations like the council to serve the southeastern Pennsylvania community and make sure that these people can successfully beat this devastating disease. f 
b0915 HONORING FOOTBALL PIONEER TOM FLORES (Mr. SOTO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce a resolution for Tom Flores urging he be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Tom Flores had an outstanding and successful career, both as a quarterback and as a head coach. This resolution pays tribute to his inspiring athletic talents. Flores became the first Hispanic starting quarterback in professional football history and played on two Super Bowlwinning teams. Also, he was the first Hispanic head coach to win two Super Bowls, a feat he accomplished on two separate teams, and he became the first Hispanic manager in the National Football League. He left with an impressive lifetime record and an 8–3 playoff record. Tom has been a trailblazer for Hispanics in the NFL and has motivated a generation of new players by showing they can compete and win. Let’s enter this trailblazer into the Hall of Fame. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H. Res. 480, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring this rule forward on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of S. 114, the Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the chairman and ranking member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, we can all agree that our Nation’s veterans are heroes. They deserve our support, gratitude, and recognition, and they deserve to have the promises we as a nation have made to them fulfilled. Unfortunately, far too often, we fall short of keeping those promises. 
Everyone remembers the scandals that shook the Department of Veterans Affairs a few years ago, highlighting critical problems around the country and the need for greater accountability. In the wake of these crises of mismanagement and wrongdoing, Congress created the Veterans Choice Program in 2014 to provide veterans with better options to seek out timely, appropriate care from providers in their communities rather than wade through the outrageous lines, excessive wait times, and subpar medical care at Veterans Health Administration facilities. The Choice Program isn’t perfect, and my colleagues and I are working to fix that, but it has been a meaningful start and a path to quicker, more convenient care for our Nation’s veterans. Without congressional action today, we risk leaving our heroes without Choice. That is not a risk I am willing to take. VA Secretary Shulkin has estimated that more than 1 million veterans in the VA system use some Choice care, and that number is expected to increase this year. In fact, today, more than 30 percent of the VA appointments are made with private sector providers that have the capacity to relieve some of the burden on our servicemembers and the VA clinics. This year alone, more than 18 million appointments with private doctors have been authorized by the Department of Veterans Affairs. If we fail to take action, these veterans will lose their ability to receive prompt care from Choice providers. We would be flooding the VA medical facilities with more patients, even as we know that many facilities are still overburdened and, in some cases, underperforming. Let me be clear: This is not a doomsday prediction. This is not a Henny Penny moment or Hail Mary effort to pass an obscure bill. If Congress refuses to act today, the Choice Program will expire on August 15. Chairman ROEhas worked diligently to ensure that this does not happen. In the Senate, my friend and fellow Georgian, Senator JOHNNY ISAKSON , serves as chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. He, too, has worked tirelessly to ensure our veterans continue to receive care by safeguarding the viability of the Choice Program. I have to say, the two chairmen, Chairman ROEand Chairman I SAKSON , the body is really at a favor having those two men working, and the ranking members working alongside of them, in this process. So we are continuing to look forward to this bill passing, and many more things to come. When we understand this, Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that Chairman ROE and Chairman ISAKSON , along with their respective ranking member counterparts, Mr. WALZand Mr. T ESTER , are committed to making the existing system work better for veterans. I also know that the Choice Program needs reform. However, we can’t improve a program that doesn’t exist. We must first protect what is good in hopes of making it better. Today’s underlying bill provides additional funds to extend the Choice Program for 6 months and provide a critical $2.1 billion infusion of funds while we move forward with thoughtful, sustainable reforms. I have proposed ideas to make those reforms, including the Expanding Access to Choice Act, which prevents bureaucracy at the VA from derailing a functioning Choice program. I authored that bill as a direct response to concerns that were raised by my constituents in northeast Georgia. I am sure that many Members here today have similar experiences and have heard similar stories from their neighbors, and I am confident many Members want to fix this program. By supporting the rule and the underlying bill today, we are taking a step towards making that happen. Secretary Shulkin told the Veterans’ Affairs Committee that, without additional funding, veterans would wait longer to receive the healthcare that they deserve. That statement should elicit one thing from this body, Mr. Speaker, and that is action. Yet there are those who would rather we shuffle down the road of inaction than stand for our veterans today, Mr. Speaker. There are some who claim Choice represents a move towards privatization and who have opposed the Choice Program from the beginning. Let me set the record straight: We are not talking about privatizing the VA today. We are talking about sustaining a program that currently serves hundreds of thousands—if not millions—of veterans across the country. This bill is not about privatization. It is about breathing 6 months’ more life into a program that enables veterans to access care more efficiently and effectively. This is not the time for partisan maneuvers. Our veterans—their very lives—are on the line, and we owe it to them to vote to move forward so that they receive the care we have promised them. Mr. Speaker, I am currently in the Air Force Reserve, and I have completed a tour earlier in Iraq. I have witnessed our Armed Forces’ display of heroism, and I believe their actions deserve recognition. This bill doesn’t repay the debt or gratitude we owe our veterans, but it brings us closer to fulfilling our promises by meeting their needs. The underlying bill authorizes multiple major medical facility leases, including a lease for a facility in Pike County, Georgia. In addition, S. 114 enhances the recruitment, retention, and training of the VA workforce through a number of measures, including encouraging servicemembers with healthrelated occupational specialties to seek employment at the Veterans Health Administration and expanding hiring authority in the case of severe shortages of qualified healthcare personnel candidates. Mr. Speaker, preserving the Choice Program and the access to community care options that it provides is critical. I agree that we can make this program better, but we have to provide a path to do that. Already, I have heard from veterans in my district who say clinics are raising concerns about the availability of funds for Choice. We must address this issue today, and we must uphold our promises to America’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. For me, this morning, July 28, could be the beginning of a new spirit in the House of Representatives because of what happened last night in the Senate. Since we are talking about healthcare for veterans, I want to just take a moment to talk about healthcare for all Americans. Last night, we saw a remarkable thing happen. We have had a poisonous atmosphere around healthcare in the United States for the past 7 years. We are the last industrial country on the planet to provide healthcare for the people who count on us for that kind of help and support. We can now give that up. I hope we can take the majority leader at his word that he sees no further use in trying to beat this bill to death and that we can work together to improve it and get on to other things which we are so in need of. But I do want to say that I appreciate very much the votes last night. I think Senator MCCAIN showed, once again, that he is America’s hero. And Senators MURKOWSKI and C OLLINS certainly are heroines of mine and I think let us know that women in positions of power can be counted on. So, yesterday, in the Rules Committee, the majority passed a martial law rule granting themselves fast track authority so they could get anything through, which I think scared even the Senate. I read some news reports claiming this was a major victory. It was not a victory for either side fighting viciously over how we want healthcare to be given to our citizens, but it was certainly a victory for the American people, hundreds of whom stood last night here on the Capitol Grounds outside of the Senate begging to be able to continue their healthcare. Imagine somebody with cancer, going through all of the pain and agony they have to go through, and wondering every day what in the world we are going to do here. Are they going to be left without healthcare, left without care that they can afford? So I think, without a doubt, this is a good morning for all of us who are in the Congress of the United States to get together and to do better work. And I know of no agency, frankly, that 
needs more attention than the Veterans Administration. My personal experience with them has been somewhat like WhackaMole: we think we have something settled and then suddenly we don’t. We have to be advocates for every veteran in our district, directly to the VA, personally, oftentimes simply to get the most simple kind of treatment done for our veterans. It is my wholehearted wish, and has been for some time, that we will get the Veterans Administration out of the building business, where they are abysmal failures, and let them concentrate on healthcare for veterans, which is their number one issue. I am very pleased—and let me echo what my colleague, Mr. COLLINS , said— with leadership both in the House and the Senate running the Veterans’ Affairs Committees now. Dr. ROEhas been an exemplary friend to all of us and understands exactly what we are doing. So I think this is important, as Mr. COLLINS has pointed out. Veterans Choice has not been very popular in my district. It is so complicated and so complex that it takes a lot of hand holding even to use it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I am here to support House Resolution 480 that allows for consideration of the Veterans Choice Act. For a while there, I was confused. I wasn’t sure what we were talking about there. I thought we were here talking about the Veterans Choice Act. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support the Veterans Choice Act. Our veterans selflessly answer the call to protect our families, our communities, and all that we hold dear. We can never repay our veterans for that sacrifice. But our country, this government, made our veterans a promise to care for them. Mr. Speaker, if we do not act today, we will breach that promise by denying healthcare benefits to those veterans who access it through the Choice Program. This bill will provide $2 billion for the Choice Program. Without this step, the Choice fund will be depleted by midAugust. VA Secretary Shulkin has made it clear that community programs are unable to care for veterans who need them if the Choice Program is eliminated. Sometimes it astonishes me how it is that we wait until the last minute here to address problems like this. Millions of America’s veterans rely on the Choice Program. That is millions of promises we break if we fail to pass this legislation today. We cannot allow these funds to run out and leave our veterans without access to care. Contrary to critics, today’s debate is not about whether to privatize the VA. Secretary Shulkin has openly said numerous times that he has no plans to privatize the Veterans Administration. Beyond that, today’s debate is about people. It is about veterans who already use the Choice Program who would lose access to care if we do not pass this legislation. It is about allowing veterans choice. b0930 Let’s not play politics with our veterans. Over the course of the week, the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act has been improved with amendments. It would improve the hiring at the VA by enhancing recruitment, retention, and training of the VA workforce, but to those who continue to have concerns about veterans’ choice, I ask we not let perfect be the enemy of good. I have learned in life nothing is ever perfect. Lord knows I have learned that in business. I have certainly found that to be true about legislation during my short time here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, the clock is ticking. We must not allow it to run out and default on the promises we made to veterans. We need to act today. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support the underlying bill we will be voting on today. I wish I were able to say that more often. The bill will fund the Department of Veterans Affairs Choice Program for 6 months and authorize a number of leases for major medical facilities throughout the country, and I echo its major importance. The next rule we will be considering contains martial law authority that will allow the majority to bring up any bill they want with hardly any notice at all, and I hope we will not use that. It has been a long week. Let’s end it on a bipartisan note with a strong vote in support of this bill before us to help veterans across America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just again reiterate the point of the discussion that this is something we need to take up today. This is not about the peripheral discussions going on concerning Choice, privatization, and other things that have derailed this discussion. I want to see this move forward so we can continue to have viable discussions on Choice, but I would also be remiss, Mr. Speaker, if I did not at least address the discussion. The gentlewoman from New York, who I have the greatest respect for, has her opinion; I have mine as well. I do not believe what happened last night in the Senate was, in her words, heroic. I believe it was basically a failure. It was a failure of process. What happened last night was not anything except the stopping of a process that could have included Democrats and Republicans in a conference committee, and it was chosen not to move forward. That is the reason we come to this place, is to move forward. I think when we look at this, the disaster that is ObamaCare, and the reasons that we are now keeping it, and that the healthcare measure has failed, it brings the question to my mind, for the ones who have been helped, and I have never, from this podium or anywhere else, denied that there were many with preexisting conditions and other issues who found help, but, if we remember the promise, the promise was to cover all uninsured. It came nowhere close. The promise was, you can keep your doctor if you liked him, you can keep your plan if you liked it. The promise was that your premiums would go down, and the premiums have gone up. So for all the supporters, then come to maybe my district or other districts and address those people who have lost their insurance, address those people whose premiums have gone up, address the people like the young lady in Chicago who did get on the ObamaCare exchanges, had a premium that was subsidized, but when she realized that she couldn’t afford the deductible, she said: I might as well have not had it. It is one thing to discuss this in grand terms, it is another to see the result in our system. To talk about the nominal positives against the crushing negatives is not a victory. So I think we move forward. Today, we have a chance to move forward on Choice, today we have a chance to move forward and look ahead, but I at least say, from this Member’s perspective, I don’t forget. I understand what I have heard for 7 years. It has been said many times that the current bill is actually gaining in popularity. Well, I just simply point you to the only polls that have really mattered over the last 7 years, and those are elections, and every time there was an election and this issue was up, ObamaCare lost. I am not sure how you can continue to support, with any kind of a straight face, that kind of abject failure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 481, which provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 3180, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Mr. Speaker, there is nothing we do in this body that is more important than actions we take for the defense of our Nation. We now face a more complex array of threats than we have at any time since the end of World War II. North Korea continues to test ballistic missiles, has successfully tested an ICBM, and is continuing to move rapidly towards achieving the capability to strike U.S. soil. A resurgent Russia is imposing its will across Europe, occupies Crimea, and is now using its military to support the Assad regime in Syria. China is increasingly belligerent, continues to expand the size of its military and create bases on artificial islands in the South China Sea. And Iran, Mr. Speaker, continues to work on its ballistic missile program and expand its influence as it supports terror across the Mediterranean and the larger Middle East. Terrorist groups like alQaida and ISIS continue to carry out attacks across the West and threaten the United States. We have seen a dramatic increase in tensions on the Temple Mount, Mr. Speaker, in just the last few weeks, and we have men and women in uniform deployed around the globe fighting to defend our Nation. Our intelligence community plays a crucial role in ensuring our decision makers and our warfighters have the information they need to keep our Nation secure. H.R. 3180 provides the intelligence community with the authorization it needs to continue working to protect and defend the United States, supports critical national security programs, such as those protecting Americans against terrorism, cyber attacks, and hostile foreign nations. The bill maintains critical congressional oversight of the activities of the intelligence community, and the bill makes no changes to any surveillance authorities, including those set to expire, which we will take up later this year in legislation separate from this bill. Mr. Speaker, as you know, earlier this week, H.R. 3180 was considered under suspension of the rules, which is not at all uncommon for bills, like this one, that receive unanimous bipartisan support in committee. While the bill received well over 50 percent of the votes of the House, it did not achieve the required twothirds majority to pass under suspension, which is why we are here today debating this rule. A large portion of this bill, Mr. Speaker, is understandably, as it should be, classified, which requires Members of this body to review the bill in the SCIF. I want to personally thank members of the Intelligence Committee and their staff for facilitating that process and making it so easy for Members of this House to undertake. A bipartisan notice was sent out, provided to Members, informing us of the availability of the text for review. And the text, Mr. Speaker, was available for 10 days, twice as long as last year’s bill. My staff simply had to call and inform the committee that I would like to review the bill, and the committee asked when I would be available, and they made sure that a member of the committee staff was also there to answer any questions I had. The process itself was seamless, was very easy, and was facilitated by the members of the Intelligence Committee staff. Mr. Speaker, this is a good and important bill. It supports the men and women in our intelligence community and the work they do to keep us safe. This is not an issue we should politicize or subject to partisan debate. The intelligence community plays a critical role in the defense of our Nation, and we need to support them, Mr. Speaker, by supporting this bill. Therefore, I urge support for the rule to allow consideration of H.R. 3180. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I rise to debate the rule for H.R. 3180, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I was somewhat dismayed earlier this week when my friends across the aisle attempted to jam today’s bill through this body by jettisoning regular order and bringing the bill up under suspension. Luckily, we can add this shortsighted attempt at governing to their long list of legislative failures. And although I may be pleased that their suspension shenanigans failed, my frustration was born anew when we were informed that the bill would come to the floor under yet another closed rule. This is all bad enough, and I will come back to it in a moment, but first we need to discuss the blanket martial law provision that my friends on the other side put into this rule. This move, especially when considered in the context of those mentioned 
above, truly elevated poor governing to an art form. b0945 I want the American people, Republican and Democrat and Independents alike, to be crystal clear on what is happening here today. By putting a blanket martial law provision into this rule, my friends across the aisle were trying to make it as easy as possible for them to pass a healthcare bill that they had never seen. The bill would have surely ripped healthcare away from millions of Americans and unceremoniously upended onesixth of our economy. Thankfully, Senators COLLINS , MURKOWSKI , and M CCAIN, and tens of thousands of regular Americansturnedactivists ensured that this effort failed. Since day one, the approach of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on healthcare or, for that matter, any number of other important issues has been horrendous. It has been rushed; it has been secretive; it has been chaotic; and it has been inspired by the desire for a cheap win rather than the desire to make our healthcare system stronger and more widely available to all Americans. Truly, whether it is healthcare, veterans, or the authorization of funding for something as important as our intelligence community, the approach leaves some of us bewildered, dismayed, and gravely concerned for the wellbeing of our country. Indeed, when discussing something as important as the authorization for funding for the intelligence community, we ought to proceed in a manner that allows all Members of this body the opportunity to weigh in with their concerns. This closed process does a disservice not only to those of us who do not sit on the committee of jurisdiction, but also the intelligence community and the American people. As an example, when I did sit on this committee, I was vice chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and I worked diligently to ensure that minorities were given equal opportunity to break into the upper ranks of the intelligence community. Since leaving that committee, I have continued this important work and introduced an amendment to a previous iteration of the underlying bill that called for the Director of National Intelligence to put forth a plan that would encourage diversity hires throughout the intelligence community. Frustratingly, I am stripped of such an opportunity today because of the Republican leadership’s unyielding devotion to perpetuating a closed process. Additionally, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my friend, has also offered amendments to the underlying bill in the past that call for an increase in the recruitment and training of minorities as officers and employees of the Central Intelligence Agency. She, like the majority of our colleagues, will not be afforded a similar opportunity this time around. This is troublesome because diversity is a mission imperative for the intelligence community. Not only do we need to see minorities have more opportunities to climb the ranks, but we also need to recruit Americans who will be able to blend in, speak foreign languages, and understand the cultures in countries that are now central to our foreign policy interests. At the end of the day, such diversity is achieved through the hiring process, and, therefore, we need to ensure that we are hiring Arab Americans, Iranian Americans, Pakistani Americans, Chinese Americans, Korean Americans, women, gays, and many other Americans from diverse backgrounds as we confront a myriad of threats and work harder to better understand our adversaries, wherever they may lurk. We do not seek this diversity in the name of political correctness but, rather, in the name of national security. As I have said before, if the intelligence community is to succeed in its global mission, it must have a global face. I have no doubt that scores of Members would like to have offered amendments addressing the issues I have just mentioned as well as many other issues that are of particular concern to them and their constituents. Unfortunately, under this rule, they will not be afforded such an opportunity today. Those who work in the intelligence community serve our country faithfully and bravely, knowing that they will never receive the public recognition they so richly deserve. In fact, they have served and continue to serve knowing that not only will they not receive wellearned accolades, but that they will, upon occasion, have to endure unfounded and offensive statements from this administration. These statements began before the current administration even moved in down Pennsylvania Avenue. I quote the following from the administration’s, President’s, Twitter account: ‘‘Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to ‘leak’ into the public. One last shot at me. Are we living in Nazi Germany?’’ I find that shameful and absolutely unfounded in making such a statement. Comparing these brave and patriotic Americans to Nazis? You really have to be kidding me. As a former member of HPSCI, I will not sit idly by while anyone maligns the honorable work these proud Americans do day in and day out to protect our country. But it seems that, with this closed process and their continued support of President Donald John Trump, even as he slowly erodes the foundation of our democracy one tweet at a time, is exactly what my friends and the Republican Congress are doing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My colleague from Florida, with whom I have had the privilege of spending many hours in the Rules Committee debating this and a range of other issues, raised a number of points I think that are important to clarify. First of all on the issue of minority recruitment, last night, in the Rules Committee, in open session, Chairman NUNES was asked about this, and he testified very clearly and directly that diversity is very important, that it is missioncritical for the reasons that my colleague from Florida stated. I can report that there are several provisions in the classified annex—I won’t go into the details about them— with which my colleague may or may not be familiar that support the whole notion of Centers of Academic Excellence, which are particularly focused on recruiting young people, recruiting minorities and young people across the board for service in the intelligence community. We tend, in these rule discussions, Mr. Speaker, to have a lot of arguments and criticism of procedure. The Democrats this morning seem to be particularly concerned about our same day authority. But I would just note, Mr. Speaker, I am certainly confident that my constituents who are watching this—and, I would say, probably most Americans watching—would understand the importance of the House of Representatives getting its work done in a timely manner. And certainly, when it comes to healthcare, the arguments and the criticism from the other side of the aisle lose a little bit of their credibility when they simultaneously attack the Republicans for moving too slowly and then also for moving too quickly. What I can tell you is we are debating hugely important issues and hugely important topics. We are absolutely committed to repealing and replacing ObamaCare. It is a system that is collapsing. It is a system that has devastated the lives of people across this country. It is a system that has driven premiums and deductibles through the roof. It has absolutely limited people’s choice in terms of insurance plans, in terms of healthcare providers. It is a system that is failing. We have seen the Democrats’ fundamental approach was a government mandate and their attempt to force people across this Nation to buy health insurance. They thought that, through a government mandate, they would be able to force young people into these insurance pools and, therefore, drive the cost down. That is not what happened. It didn’t work. We know we have got to put in place a system that will be able to provide people the kind of care that they need, access, as well as lowering the cost and increasing availability. So there are a whole range of very important substantive efforts going on. I think that it is clear that the folks on the other side of the aisle don’t support the direction we are going in, may 
not support the policy, but the people across this Nation—certainly, in my home State of Wyoming—spoke very clearly last November that they wanted a change, that they wanted to see the government reduce its role in their lives, and that they wanted to see us begin the process of building our military, rebuilding what has been lost over the course of the last 8 years, as well as rebuilding the facilities and the capabilities of our intelligence community, and that is exactly what this bill does. That is exactly what we are here doing this morning. Mr. Speaker, I think that is why it is so important that my colleagues support this rule, that we provide the authority that the intelligence community needs through this bill to continue to do its important work to keep us safe. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The brazen and reckless manner in which this bill was first brought to the floor is evidence that my friends across the aisle have still not figured out how to govern. The learning curve may be steep, but it is not that steep. Quite simply, my friends, it is time for you to start governing responsibly, not with closed rules and martial law, without hearings, and without CBO scores, but through regular order, with an opportunity for all Members and, through them, their constituents to take part in legislating. The White House may be in chaos, but that is no reason for the House to legislate in a similar manner. For the good of the country, we must return to regular order. We must work to ensure that those serving in the intelligence community are able to do their best work, to do it as safely as possible, and to do it knowing that they will receive the respect they deserve from all branches of their government. I worry that they, increasingly, do not receive this respect, and that this disrespect, should it continue, will make it more difficult for us to retain and recruit the talent we so desperately need to protect our national security. Of course, the intelligence community is only one part of our national security apparatus. The men and women in our military are an equally important part of maintaining our national security. And, unfortunately, we learned just yesterday that these brave servicemembers are not immune from baseless attacks from the administration. It was announced, on the 69th anniversary of President Truman’s issuing an executive order that desegregated the Armed Forces, that transgender servicemembers would no longer be able to serve in the military. Were these individuals, numbering between 10,000 and 15,000, banned because they are not brave, because they are not patriotic, because they are incapable of meeting the rigorous requirements of being in the military? No, they have been banned because bigotry defeated decency yesterday, and they have been banned because of who they are. As I mentioned the other evening, I had three uncles who were in the Army. They served proudly. They served bravely. They served in a segregated Army. Two of them received purple hearts. b1000 It was a great offense that they had to serve in a segregated Army in which they were made to feel that somehow their bravery, their patriotism, and their devotion to their brothers in arms was somehow less because of the color of their skin. President Truman knew this was wrong, and he ended it. Simply put, President Truman knew then what our current President is incapable of understanding today: the strength of our military is not found in the race or the religion or the creed or the sex or the gender identity of its servicemembers, but rather in the bravery and honor exhibited by these individuals on a daily basis. They, like all of us here today, are proud citizens of this country. They, like all of us here today, are God’s children. I thank them for their service to our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 481 and the underlying bill, H.R. 3180, ensure the men and women of our intelligence community have the tools and the resources they need to continue the vital role they play in helping us address the threats facing our Nation. I do want to point out, Mr. Speaker, my colleague is accusing the Republicans of being brazen and reckless because of our sameday rulemaking authority. I would only note that in the 111th Congress, when they were in the majority, they enacted this process 26 times; in the 110th Congress, 17 times. It is an important ability for us to have when we know we might need to move quickly on something. As a member of the Rules Committee, I am committed to ensuring we do everything possible to make sure that we are able to bring bills to this floor that carry out the kind of changes and improvements that the people of this Nation sent us all here to undertake. I was really disappointed, Mr. Speaker, earlier this week when this bill was defeated under suspension of the rules. There are many things that are partisan issues in this body, and it is too bad when the minority uses the Intelligence Authorization bill as part of a political stunt to make what should be a bipartisan process and a bipartisan committee appear partisan. The bill, H.R. 3108, received unanimous support in committee, and I certainly hope today, Mr. Speaker, that the minority members of that committee, and frankly all on the minority side who understand the importance of the intelligence community in keeping our Nation safe, will put aside the partisanship, will put aside the games that the American people are so tired of, and will join me in supporting a good, effective, and important bill, that, frankly, the minority members in the Intelligence Committee worked very hard to help craft. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of both the rule and H.R. 3180. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 224, nays 186, not voting 23, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) 
Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Clay Collins (NY) Conyers Costello (PA) Cummings Donovan Engel Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hollingsworth Hunter King (NY) Lujan Grisham, M. Napolitano Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Scalise Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Young (AK) Zeldin 
b1027 Messrs. SUOZZI and HOYER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. FERGUSON changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1030 PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLUTION OF INQUIRY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY Mr. HENSARLING, from the Committee on Financial Services, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–265) on the resolution (H. Res. 442) of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to President Trump’s financial connections to Russia, certain illegal financial schemes, and related information, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. ROE of TENNESSEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD on S. 114, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 480, I call up the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain highlevel employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 480, the amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in House Report 115–262, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to encourage an individual who serves in the Armed Forces with a military occupational specialty relating to the provision of health care to seek employment with the Veterans Health Administration when the individual has been discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces or is contemplating separating from such service. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Medical Facilities account $274,634,000 for the major medical facility leases authorized in section 301. TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 114, as amended, the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017. It has been a long week of negotiations, but we are here today with an agreement we—and, more importantly, our veterans—can all be proud to support. I know that I am. Ranking Member WALZ and I have worked feverishly with our Senate counterparts to find a solution that can pass both Chambers and ensure that veterans will continue to be able to access care in the community. The VA Choice and Quality Improvement Act of 2017 would expand veteran access to care both inside and outside the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system by, number one, providing $2.1 billion to sustain the Choice Program for the next 6 months, authorizing 28 VA medical center facility leases, and improving VA’s ability to recruit and retain highquality employees by including many of the provisions of H.R. 1367, as amended, which were sponsored by Dr. BRAD WENSTRUP , the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, and unanimously approved by the House in March. I would be remiss if I did not impress upon my colleagues a sense of urgency about this legislation. The Choice Program was created 3 years ago in response to the nationwide VA access crisis that began with 40 veteran patients who died while waiting for VA care in Phoenix, Arizona. Due to much higher than expected veteran demand for Choice care, the program is slated to run out of money by midAugust. It would leave devastating consequences for veterans in its wake. Starting with an extremely tight 90 day implementation period and countless contract modifications with third party administrators, I will be the first to admit that the Choice Program has been plagued with problems. But I will also tell you that the program has come a long way from where it once was and is responsible for more than 1 million veterans getting the care they need closer to home and in a more timely manner. The good Lord only knows how many lives have been saved or prolonged. That is a success. If Choice were to end 3 weeks from now, Mr. Speaker, VA’s most senior leaders, including Secretary Shulkin, have warned that waiting times for veteran patients will increase to pre Choice Phoenix levels. They also said continuity of care would be disrupted for veterans across the country, and some of our most vulnerable veterans may not be able to get care without either a long, possibly debilitating wait time or an excessive travel distance. That is failure. Passage of this bill today, followed by swift passage by our colleagues in the Senate, would preserve Choice for the next 6 months. That would allow the program to continue serving veterans while we continue the hard work of creating a stronger, more integrated VA healthcare system for the years ahead. Some stakeholders have expressed frustration that Congress has not been adequately supporting VA’s internal capacity for care and too much attention has been paid since the 2014 access crisis to addressing issues with growing veteran demand for community care programs, Choice included. They argue that providing increased funding for Choice without identical increases in funding for VA medical facilities is harmful to veterans. I totally disagree. I do not believe that argument is fair or constructive, given the historic funding increases that VA has received in recent years and the growth in staffing, programming, and the VA physical footprint that has resulted from those increases. In fact, VA’s budget—that is the healthcare budget, not total budget. The VA’s healthcare budget has grown more than $83 billion since I came to Congress in 2009. Mr. Speaker, we were spending $93.7 billion when I was sworn into this House in 2009. The President’s request this year is $186.5 billion. In the same time, the number of VA fulltime employees has increased by almost 63,000. What is more, we just passed a MILCON–VA Appropriations bill which includes a $3.9 billion increase for VA medical care. Nevertheless, I have listened to the concerns of those stakeholders, which include many veterans service organizations, and I respect their viewpoints and their willingness to be strong advocates for our Nation’s veterans. As a matter of fact, I belong to many of these organizations. That is why this bill includes provisions to increase VA internal capacity by authorizing 28 medical facility leases, most of which are for communitybased outpatient clinics, and by enhancing VA’s ability to maintain a robust, highly qualified workforce in recognition of the many challenges VA has in competing for workers in an extremely competitive hiring market. To offset a significant portion of the costs of this legislation, we have used offsets that have been used routinely on a bipartisan basis over the last decades and that were included in the legislation which first created the Choice Program 3 years ago. As I alluded to earlier, this bill was crafted as the result of negotiations between myself; my friend, Ranking Member Sergeant Major WALZ; and Senators ISAKSON and T ESTER , the chairman and ranking member, respectively, on the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I am grateful to them for this work. I am also grateful to my friends and colleagues in the House leadership for their efforts and willingness to do the sometimes difficult work of finding a solution that is in the best interests of both veterans and taxpayers and to our VSO partners for their input and support throughout the past weeks. There is still much work ahead. This is only a 6month patch to the Choice Program. The ranking member and I have a framework agreement for moving forward, but that will require the cooperation and buyin from all my colleagues in the House and Senate. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today and associate myself with the words of my friend and our chairman, the gentleman from Tennessee. I strongly recommend support for the newly amended S. 114, a bill, as the chairman so clearly stated, that not only extends veterans’ access to care in the community, but provides additional funding for 28 critical leases to expand capacity and also makes sure we can recruit and retain the best medical professionals. Mr. Speaker, I would like to note that on Monday, someone, another Member, mentioned that they felt a disturbance in the force on Monday is the way they described it. There has been a reputation that I think is rightfully earned from the leadership of the chairman and the members of the committee that the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee is here to do the business of this Nation’s veterans and the taxpayers and that the politics that are necessary and that are a part of getting things done take a backseat to that. What you saw on Monday were disagreements. We could not come to an agreement. But instead of the theatrics of partisanship and instead of the politics of deconstruction, it was the politics of the possible. So instead of sulking away or sending out competing press releases, we came back together to try to find compromise on this. For that I am grateful. I am grateful as a veteran, and I am grateful as a citizen that, on a morning when many Americans are waking up wondering about our politics and seeing the theatrics that go on, I am here to tell you that under the chairman’s leadership, the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, he is guiding this House and tying it into the Senate in the best interests of our Nation’s veterans, taking in the concerns of the minority side and taking in the concerns of the veterans service organizations in a way that also means compromise on my Republican colleagues’ side. That is hard to do, asking people to put their own personal ideology aside if 
it is in the best interests of building a coalition and producing a piece of legislation that can pass through this House, the Senate, and be signed by the President. That is a tough order around here right now, and I am proud to stand with someone who has done it. I am proud to give my little piece of what it takes to do that. I would encourage my colleagues, let’s show a strong sign not just to our veterans, not just to this piece of legislation that, the gentleman was right, is absolutely critical for the care of our veterans; let’s send a sign to our fellow citizens that this democracy still can function, this democracy still can find answers, this democracy can put American citizens first, and we can walk away from this knowing that our job was to come here and do exactly that, and it will be done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), who is my good friend. I had the privilege of visiting BRUCE POLIQUIN ’s beautiful State last summer. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I would remind you that ‘‘Maine is Vacationland.’’ If you have not booked your Maine vacation, there is still plenty of time. I would like to thank Chairman ROE, who is a Vietnam veteran himself and a doctor, in leading us down this path for better healthcare for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, it was, I believe, our first Commander in Chief, George Washington, who said, and I paraphrase, that we can never expect young men and women in this country to step forward and fight for their country and give us the freedom that we all enjoy unless and until we take care of those who have already sacrificed on the battlefield. That is what this is about. Mr. Speaker, in our State, we have about 125,000 veterans, and we love our veterans in the State of Maine. More than half of them are in the Second Congressional District that I represent, which is mostly central, down east, western, and northern Maine. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, we know how to shoot straight up in Maine, and we just need to make sure we take care of our veterans who live in rural areas. One of the great concerns I have—and I know the chairman and others on the committee have the same concern—is that what about if you are a veteran that lives far away from a medical hospital, a veterans hospital. In the State of Maine, we have one veterans hospital. It is called Togus. It is the first VA hospital in the country—about 150 years old—and it was put together first to take care of those who have served on the battlefield in the Civil War. In northern Maine, you might live in Fort Kent or Van Buren or Madawaska and be a 5hour drive away from Togus. If you are not feeling well, it is February and the snow is blowing sideways, it might be really tough to get down to Togus. That is why this Choice Program is so important. It allows our veterans who live far away from medical facilities to get their treatment close to home. This is something that I am a huge advocate of, and it is something we need to keep doing. Now, one more thing I want to mention if I may, Mr. Speaker, is that we all know that veterans heal better with other veterans. We are not in any way trying to replace the veterans’ facilities. We have healthcare facilities in this country. But the Choice Program allows us to augment that care through the Choice Program where they are able to go to private facilities. Now, this emergency funding is absolutely critical. It will extend this program for 6 months instead of letting it run out of money in 3 weeks. It also includes something that is highly important. I am so grateful to the chairman for including it. It includes the ability to authorize a lease in Portland, Maine, for a brandnew, stateofthe art, if you will, VA facility, a CBOC facility, an outpatient facility, that will serve about 4,000 veterans in the State of Maine. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. b1045 Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman CHELLIE PINGREE from the First District of the State of Maine. I represent the Second District. I encourage everyone in this body, Republicans and Democrats, to please take care of our veterans. Please vote for S. 114 to renew the authorization in the emergency fund for the Choice Program. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), my good friend, the vice ranking member of the full Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, who is also from a great vacation State. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for mentioning that so that it doesn’t detract from my time. But please visit California, especially Riverside, California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 114, which prevents a funding lapse in the VA Choice Program while making critical investments to strengthen the Department of Veterans Affairs. This legislation is a significant improvement over the bill we considered earlier this week. It now includes leasing authorizations for VA medical facilities in 17 States across the country, and it includes several provisions that I introduced that will help address the VA’s workforce shortages. This is what I hope to be the first step in providing the VA the tools it needs to meet its internal workforce challenges. As I have often said, the VA’s ability to provide quality and timely care to our Nation’s veterans will be determined by who it hires. There are nearly 50,000 vacancies at the VA that need to be filled. This bill strengthens and streamlines the VA’s ability to recruit, hire, and retain talented and dedicated individuals. But more needs to be done to expand the VA’s own internal capacity to provide care for our veterans. The VA Choice Program is a wellintentioned program, but it has not delivered on its promise to consistently cut wait times or improve care. We do not want to be back here in January passing another shortterm fix. Starting today, we have 6 months to come together and develop a more efficient and effective system to connect veterans with the care they need. Earlier this week, I expressed my desire to vote for a bill that avoids a funding gap in the Choice Program, while also recognizing the importance of a strong and sustainable VA. This legislation meets that standard, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity on the full Committee of Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 114, which will continue funding the Choice Program, an important reform to make sure that our veterans have access to quality care. For too long, our veterans, Mr. Speaker, have been trapped in a system that has failed them. They are in a singlepayer system. We put them in a system that the Members of Congress wouldn’t sign up for. For years, we haven’t give them the same choice that we have given Medicaid patients and Medicare patients. The Choice Program isn’t just common sense, it is common decency. We have asked these men and women to serve and to sacrifice for our freedom. They deserve the very best care. The only way they are going to get the best care is to have choice when they have geographic challenges or are waiting in line. We have all read the reports about how our veterans have waited in line, have gotten sicker, and some even died. It is unconscionable and unacceptable. I am so grateful that, in an institution that has a reputation of gridlock and dysfunction, we have a committee with leaders like Chairman ROEand Ranking Member WALZwho will come together and put America first. So I am heartened by this and I applaud their leadership. I support this continuation of funding and the improved access to care for our heroes. I thank the chairman for the privilege of serving under the leadership of his committee. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ), my good friend, a longtime champion of veterans, and 
the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, our ranking member; and the gentleman from Tennessee, the chair, for their commitment to bipartisan solutions which helped get us the agreement that the House is considering today. I am extremely proud to work on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee because we have shown that we can tackle the big issues in a bipartisan way. That is why I rise today in support of S. 114, which will address the immediate shortfall in funding for the Choice Program, while making needed investments in direct VAprovided care. I am so pleased that this bipartisan agreement includes my legislation authorizing 28 new VA healthcare facilities across the country. This bill will bring more care closer to home for veterans from coast to coast. The demand for VA healthcare is increasing, and many veterans face long wait times because outdated facilities are too small to accommodate the growing number of men and women seeking care. The leases authorized by this bill are located in 17 States, with nearly 12 million veterans living in them, who have been waiting years for improved access to care. This includes a new, larger clinic in the city of Oxnard, in my district, which will bring muchneeded specialty care closer to home for our veterans in Ventura County. Veterans in my community and communities across the country have waited long enough for these expanded services, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and our veterans service organizations for working with me to deliver this win for them. We can fund the VA Choice Program and fund other programs critical to the VA’s mission, my mission, and the mission of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: provide the care our veterans, who have risked their lives for our country, have earned and deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation and help ensure veterans get the care they need and to make the investments we need to build a modern, veterancentric 21st century VA. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ), a good friend and new member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank all of our veterans for their service and sacrifice for our great country. I come from California, the home of the greatest number of veterans in this great country. On their behalf, I would like to thank Chairman ROEand Ranking Member WALZfor their tremendous job and leadership in addressing the needs of all of our veterans. I am pleased that we reached the bipartisan agreement, and I hope the rest of this place learns from the work the Veterans Affairs’ Committee has done. I hope that tomorrow, when we wake up and open up those newspapers, this is a frontpage story, because it deserves to be. Democrats and Republicans, everybody coming together to work for our veterans, that is the way it should be done. Three years ago, Congress created the Choice Program. This was an alternative to make sure that our veterans didn’t have to wait to get the health services they needed. This bill will provide additional funding and shortterm sustainability for this program called the Choice Program. This bill will also allow the Department of Veterans Affairs to open up more clinics and to hire additional doctors to make sure that our veterans get the service they deserve. Again, I am glad that we are here today and that we could work to make sure that our veterans get the services they earned. I urge all my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), who is also on the Maine Tourism Board. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Ranking Member for yielding and allowing me to reinforce my colleague from the State of Maine and say: if you haven’t made your plans, it is not too late. Lobster season is just picking up. I highly recommend a visit to the Maine coast or anywhere in the State of Maine. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill to provide the VA Choice Program with additional funds and to authorize several provisions to improve care for our Nation’s veterans. Specifically, I want to recognize the authorization of a lease included in this bill for a communitybased outpatient clinic in Portland, Maine, that will provide muchimproved services to the veterans in that area. The new facility will be a huge step in improving the care for veterans in my district. The proposed facility will go a long way toward a more efficient, patient centered approach to care and will provide a wide range of services, including audiology, dental, physical therapy, prosthetics, and women’s health. Most of the veterans served by this new CBOC will be coming from the surrounding areas, and this new clinic will result in a much shorter commute for those veterans living in the most densely populated area of Maine. The entire Maine congressional delegation has worked for the authorization of this lease, including my colleague, Mr. POLIQUIN from Maine’s Second District. I thank Congresswoman BROWNLEY  for introducing legislation earlier this year to authorize these leases and for her work on this issue. I am proud to support S. 114, and I thank Ranking Member WALZ and Chairman ROEfor their work on this legislation. The authorization of this lease represents a tremendous step for our State in providing veterans the proper care they have earned. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, since we are doing a Maine advertisement here today, I will say one thing negative about Maine. I herniated a disk in my back climbing Mount Katahdin with my good friend, FRENCH  HILLfrom Arkansas, last summer. It wasn’t all good. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as you heard here today from numerous members of the committee and others, this is how business should be done: looking out for our veterans, compromises being made. I do want to extend my thanks to Senator ISAKSON ; Senator T ESTER ; Secretary Shulkin; the DAVs and the other VSOs; and the staff on both sides of the aisle who are the ones who are carrying out latenight negotiations. I think the gentleman from Tennessee, Chairman ROE, did bring up a good point: this is the beginning of tough decisions that need to be made, tough negotiations. I hope everyone here understands that the continued good will and bipartisanship is going to be needed, because we have an opportunity to transform the VA into that 21st century VA, one that is more responsive to the needs of veterans, one that takes into account the realities of modernday medicine that involves many outpatient clinics and different ways of delivering service, especially to rural veterans who we represent. This is a great start. It is one that I think we go from a stop on Monday to what I hope can be a unanimous vote for a good, smart piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do want to associate my remarks with those of the ranking member. We have a lot of thanks to go around, but the major thanks go to our veterans who serve this great Nation. I think it would be remiss on us and a pox on this body if we didn’t do what is right for our veterans. And we are. As Mr. WALZ said, this is just the first step, although a major one, in a transformative process that we have been given the opportunity on this committee to do. We serve 21 million veterans in this country that have served this Nation honorably. We have a great organization. I think a lot of times it doesn’t get said that the VA does a lot of good work. I don’t go home where there is not a day that I don’t run into somebody at the grocery store or somewhere that 
tells me of a positive thing that happened to them at the VA. It is not everywhere, though. I also get stopped and told and have stacks of documents on my desk that tell me the problems with the VA. We hear those loud and clear. I think both of us do. But I think it is an opportunity for us as a body—not just this committee, but the entire body—to thank our veterans, pass this bill unanimously, send it to the Senate, and then to the President’s desk for his signature. I, once again, thank Mr. WALZ, his committee and staff, and our committee and staff for working in a bipartisan way to pass this. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support S. 114, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute to S. 114 that provides for a 6month extension of the Choice program, as well as funding for VA recruitment and retention programs. Extension of the Choice program is good news for veterans in my district. The Northern Marianas is the only jurisdiction in our country that does not have a VA medical clinic and does not have a single, dedicated VA doctor or mental health professional. There is one physician contracted by the VA on a parttime basis. But she is at capacity and cannot take on any more veteran patients. So, it is the Choice program that allows the veterans I represent to obtain health care, where they live, rather than having to fly hundreds or thousands of miles, to Guam or to Hawai’i, for treatment. It was to ease that burden that I was one of the Members who identified and spoke up about the problem of access to service for veterans in remote and rural areas of America; and advocacy by Members from underserved areas helped lead to the creation of Choice. Make no mistake, the Choice program does not solve all of the issues of health care access that trouble Marianas veterans. A VA health clinic with VA staff in the Marianas remains my goal. But S. 114—short of a full fledged clinic—does provide recruitment and retention authorities that could lead to having more VA staff in my district. That would be step in the right direction. Meanwhile, and until we have a real, full time, fully staffed and equipped VA clinic in the Northern Marianas, the Choice program will continue to be needed to fill the gap and provide the care that veterans deserve. My thanks to Chairman ROEand Ranking Member WALZand to their staff for the time and effort that has gone into ensuring that Choice can continue for veterans in the Marianas—and in rural, remote, and underserved areas throughout America. I am also grateful to the many veteran service organizations, who have advised on this legislation and who have been steadfast in their commitment to improve the Department of Veterans’ Affairs for those who served our Nation. b1100 The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 480, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ), the author of this piece of legislation. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, our ranking member, and the gentleman from Tennessee, our chairman, for their support of this bill and for their tireless advocacy on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. I rise today in support of H.R. 95, the Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act, which will break down a barrier to care many veterans with children face. This is especially problematic for women veterans, who are often the primary caretakers of young children and a rapidly growing segment of the veteran population. According to a 2015 VA study, 42 percent of women who use the VA said it is difficult to find childcare that would allow them to attend medical appointments, and for those who can, that care is often unaffordable. The average cost of childcare in my home State of California, for instance, is more than $13,000 a year. As the post 9/11 generation continue to start their families, more and more veterans will face the unacceptable choice between caring for their children and getting the healthcare they need. Without affordable childcare options, veterans can miss their appointments, including critical mental health appointments, that impact their long term wellbeing. It is just common sense: better access to childcare will lead to better access to care, which will ultimately result in better outcomes for our Nation’s veterans. The VA currently runs a successful childcare pilot program at several locations around the country that benefits female and male veterans of all eras. My legislation will make that program permanent and expand it nationwide, ensuring that no veteran will have to miss a VA health appointment because of a lack of access of childcare. I want to thank my colleague, Congressman BRIAN HIGGINS , for his steadfast support of this bill and all of my colleagues on the VA Committee who have backed this proposal every step of the way. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation and help ensure that veterans do not have to choose between caring for their children and getting the healthcare they need and deserve. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, the Chair heard the reasons for this. I thank the gentlewoman for authoring this needed piece of legislation and urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 95, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act,’’ which makes permanent the VA’s Child Care Pilot Program and expands it so that all veterans who are primary caretakers have a safe, reliable, and costfree option for child care when they use VA healthcare. As the founder and chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, I fully understand the importance of having access to affordable and safe child care. The bill provides child care assistance to an eligible veteran for any period that the veteran receives covered health care services at a VA facility, and is required to travel to and return from such facility for the receipt of such services. My own city of Houston is home to the second largest veterans’ community in the United States in terms of resident veterans. The U.S. Census Bureau recorded that Houston is home to approximately 282,000 veterans, which is almost onefifth of the state’s veteran population. The Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in the city of Houston has 111,189 veterans enrolled in the center. For these veterans in Houston and veterans across the country, H.R. 95 provides access to child care for veterans receiving mental health services and other intensive health care services at VA facilities. The VA reported that it had provided free childcare to 10,000 children through the pilot program and that veterans were consistently ‘‘completely satisfied’’ with the services received. H.R. 95 ensures that veterans continue to get the care they have earned and deserve, and that includes ensuring that those seeking treatment at VA medical facilities do not miss appointments because they do not have access to safe and reliable child care. The lack of convenient and affordable child care has prevented veterans from getting the medical care they need. The cost of full time infant care across the United States in 2012 ranged from $4,600 to $20,200 a year. The cost of full time care for a 4 year old ranged from $3,900 to $15,450. Of those seeking childcare, 89 percent were looking for full time care and only 11 percent were looking for parttime care. Parents who serve as the primary care taker of a child should not have to sacrifice their own health to find safe and reliable child care. We must remove barriers that impede veterans’ access to health care. Currently, the Child Care Pilot Program offers free child care for qualified veterans using VA healthcare services at a limited number of participating sites around the United States. Congress has reauthorized this popular pilot program three times in separate bills, but it is time to make this program permanent. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 95, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VA SENIOR EXECUTIVE ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2772) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2772 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Senior Executive Accountability Act’’ or the ‘‘SEA Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2772, as amended, the VA Senior Executive Accountability Act, or SEA Act. This bill would provide needed transparency of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ reassignment of members of the Senior Executive Service. Specifically, the bill would require the Secretary to personally approve of a reassignment of VA’s approximately 350 SES employees. It would also require VA to report to Congress identifying those employees who are reassigned and the cost associated with reassignments. I thank Representative TAYLOR for his thoughtful legislation. And with that, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2772. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2772, the VA Senior Executive Accountability Act. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense bill that has received bipartisan support as it moved through regular order of our committee. This bill requires that any reassignment of a senior executive at the VA have the Secretary’s written approval. It also requires an annual report to Congress to help us in our oversight ability. I have dealt with this issue myself in Minnesota and know firsthand how important this is. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. TAYLOR and our vice ranking member, Mr. TAKANO , for developing this legislation. I support and encourage Members to join in its support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. TAYLOR ), the author of this bill and a Navy SEAL. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 2772, the VA Senior Executive Accountability Act. This bipartisan bill brings transparency and accountability to senior VA leadership. Mr. Speaker, my area has the fastest growing veterans population in the Nation. Our OIF, our OEF, and our women’s veterans population is rapidly growing. Recently, our main VA hospital was rated at a onestar out of a fivestar rating. In making a change, the VA simply swapped out the underperforming leadership with another VA hospital. This, Mr. Speaker, is unacceptable. My bill would require the VA to issue reports on any reassignment of VA leadership and how much the cost is. Additionally, the Secretary of the VA would have to personally sign off on the reassignment. Mr. Speaker, veterans need to trust that they are getting the best care possible. They need to trust that they will have transparency. They need to trust that there will be accountability. I want to thank the chairman, the ranking member, and all those on the committee for their work, their dedication, and their commitment to upholding our sacred responsibility of care for those who upheld their own sacred responsibility to our Nation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close at this time. Mr. Speaker, again, commonsense bill, bipartisan, does the right thing, and, as the gentleman so clearly explained, providing that trust to our veterans is absolutely critical. I believe this will do that. I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 2772. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2772, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GROW OUR OWN DIRECTIVE: PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT EMPLOYMENT AND EDUCATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3262) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3262 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2017’’. 
out the pilot program shall be derived from amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3262, as amended, the Grow Our Own Directive—or GOOD—Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2017. The PA profession has a long and storied connection with veterans as the first class of PAs was primarily composed of Army medics and Navy corpsmen who served in the Vietnam war. And I might add, when I did basic training at San Antonio, Texas, at Fort Sam, one of the first PA classes was there. Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs is the single largest employer of PAs in the country. Nevertheless, PAs are consistently identified as one of the top five professions where VA is experiencing the largest staffing shortages. H.R. 3262, as amended, would help solve that by creating a pilot program to provide assistance to veterans who want to pursue education and training to become a PA and to serve their fellow veterans by working at VA medical facilities. I am grateful to Congresswoman ANN KUSTER for sponsoring this legislation and shepherding it through the legislative process, and I am confident that it will go a long way in resolving existing PA recruitment and retention issues, ensuring that VA medical facilities are appropriately staffed with highquality PAs and, in turn, increasing access to care for veteran patients. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3262, as amended, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1115 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 3262, as amended, the GOOD Act of 2017, which was introduced by a good friend, someone who has proven herself to be a dogged champion of veterans, the ranking member of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, Ms. KUSTER . This important piece of legislation will allow veterans who served as medics and corpsmen in the military to receive scholarships to train as physician assistants. The VA has over 45,000 provider vacancies to fill so that veterans are not waiting too long for care. In the United States, we face a provider shortage in general, especially in our rural communities, where most veterans live. This bill will help address these critical shortages by providing veterans with an incredible opportunity to aid their communities and their fellow veterans. Ms. KUSTER ’s hard work on this legislation and on behalf of veterans is admirable, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations on the full Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, for years, the Department of Veterans Affairs has seen many of its medical personnel leave to pursue opportunities outside of the VA healthcare system, resulting in fewer healthcare providers and, ultimately, less access to care for our veterans. In the First District of Michigan, which I represent, we are largely a rural district, and our district and our veterans have suffered more than most on this. The GOOD Act utilizes a twopronged approach to address VA’s continuing struggles in recruiting and retaining their physician assistant workforce. This bill creates a pilot program to provide that pathway for veterans to receive the education necessary to become a PA while, simultaneously, requiring the VA to establish a national strategic plan to recruit and retain a robust and longterm medical staff. Our veterans have given so much for our country at exceptional costs, and they deserve access to timely and high quality healthcare from skilled professionals. I am proud to join Ranking Member KUSTER from our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee in supporting this bipartisan legislation on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the bill, H.R. 3262. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ), the author of this piece of legislation, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleague, General BERGMAN , in support of our bill, H.R. 3262, the Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2017. The Department of Veterans Affairs and the entire Nation are experiencing a shortage of quality physicians and healthcare providers. For doctors 
alone, the Association of American Medical Colleges estimates that, by 2030, the country could face a doctor shortage of over 100,000 physicians. Access to care will only become a harder problem to solve the longer it takes to be addressed. Nonphysician providers, like physician assistants, are an important part of the solution to this shortage. Physician assistants are highly trained providers that often focus their training on specialties like psychiatry, orthopedics, and internal medicine. It is fitting that my bill would help get more PAs into the VA to serve veterans. After all, the profession started when a small group of four Navy corpsmen completed the first PA program started at Duke University. That first program was based on the fasttracked training of doctors during World War II. Veterans and the military have always been a part of the physician assistant profession. The PA workforce offers unique value to rural and underserved areas. In places like northern New Hampshire, in my district, PAs help resolve shortages for family physicians and primary care physicians, shortages that have existed for decades. My bill would leverage the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve access to quality care for veterans and rural locations alike. It would create a pilot scholarship program that awards no less than 250 scholarships over 5 years to PAs. Currently, the VA has approximately 2,000 PAs. My bill would increase the PA workforce at the VA by over 10 percent. In exchange for these scholarships, PAs would be required to work at the VA, and their placement would be focused on sending providers to rural and underserved areas. We know that if a provider is placed in New Hampshire, they tend to stay there. This bill would also help get veterans with medical training in the workforce and with goodpaying jobs. It is crucial that we help our veterans find excellent career paths that utilize the skills they learned while in the military service, and it is an added bonus that these veterans get to take care of their brothers and sisters in arms. The final provision in my bill was included in the Choice funding bill we debated just moments ago. This provision would provide PAs in the VA with competitive pay based on the community they serve. This provision is crucial because it helps recruit and retain these critical providers. The GAO recently reported that PAs experience the highest loss rate of any critical occupation, higher than doctors and nurse practitioners. I would like to applaud my colleagues for coming together in a bipartisan way to craft the Choice funding bill. Not only will the bill fund the Choice Program for another 6 months, but it includes a number of important reforms that will improve service for all of our veterans. These provisions include improved authority for hiring in job shortage areas, measures to increase accountability within the VA, and my provision to boost the pay of PAs. I would like to thank my esteemed colleague on the House Veterans Affairs’ Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, Chairman Bergman. His support for this legislation was crucial to its passage today. I thank our chairman, Dr. ROE, and our ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to immediately pass this bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, as you heard, I urge my colleagues to support this smart piece of legislation. But I would like to close by adding, also, a thankyou to the chairman and to the majority side, once again showing bipartisanship offering two bills introduced by our side of the aisle that are being heard here on the floor which can be signed into law. It is greatly appreciated. It shows that the care of veterans always comes first. We on the minority side are appreciative of that courtesy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I certainly support this bill, and I want to thank both General BERGMAN and Ms. K USTER . We made a trip to Afghanistan together a couple of years ago. She has a dogged—and I will say ‘‘dogged’’—commitment to the veterans in her district and to this country, and I want to thank her for bringing this piece of legislation up. I believe it will make a difference, I truly do, when it is implemented. And I want to thank the ranking member, and his staff and mine, for bringing a lot of pieces of legislation to the House floor in the last couple of weeks. This week, especially, we have had some success here, and that means veterans had success. Certainly, the post9/11 GI Bill that was passed this week is an enormous bill and will do good generations after no one ever remembers who was on this floor debating that bill. So I want to thank them and thank my colleagues and wish everyone a safe recess and a healthy recess. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SHIMKUS ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3262, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM WAR MEMORIAL ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 873) to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 873 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 873, the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act, authored by Congressman MIKEGALLA GHER of Wisconsin, would authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to begin the lengthy Commemorative Works Act process to establish a Global War on Terrorism Memorial on Federal land in the District of Columbia. The memorial will recognize and honor the men and women who have served on Active Duty in the United States Armed Forces since the attack on our country on September 11, 2001. The global war on terrorism is the longest conflict ever fought by the United States, and there is still no end in sight. We can and should debate the policies that have prolonged this war and denied our troops the full might and resources of our Nation. But one thing is far above and beyond any debate, and that is the heroism, selflessness, devotion, and patriotism of the men and women of our Nation who stepped forward from the safety, security, and comfort of hearth and home and into harm’s way when our Nation called. The Commemorative Works Act requires that a war be ended for at least 10 years before planning can commence on a national memorial. There is good reason for this requirement: it gives history the insight to place the war in an historic context and to begin to fully appreciate its full significance to our country and future generations. But the war on terrorism has been fought in a decidedly different way than our past wars. We are now approaching the 16th anniversary of the attack on New York and Washington. The veterans who sacrificed so much to keep that war away from our shores deserve some tangible and lasting tribute to their patriotism and altruism while they, their families, and their fellow countrymen can know it. The Gold Star families of our fallen heroes for whom the war will never end deserve some assurance that their sons and daughters will never be forgotten by a grateful Nation. We should remember that many of our Nation’s heroes from World War II never lived to see the completion of the World War II Memorial, which was completed 59 years after the end of that conflict. For these reasons, this measure suspends the 10year period in current law. It doesn’t repeal it. It merely sets it aside for the unique circumstances of the current war on terrorism. I am confident that the Memorial Commission will respect and appreciate the fact that many may have yet to serve in this war, and history has not yet had time to reflect on its significance to our Nation and, indeed, to the future of Western civilization. I am sure the design they recommend will respect these facts and provide significant latitude for the completion of the memorial after this bane of Islamic terrorism has been extirpated from our planet and the longsuffering people of the Middle East have been liberated from it by the brave fighting men and women of the United States Armed Forces that this memorial will honor and thank. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a July 28, 2017, letter from the Congressional Budget Office providing a cost estimate for this bill. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. CONGRESS , Washington, DC, July 28, 2017. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 873, the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act. If you wish further details on this estimate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Janani Shankaran. Sincerely, MARKP. H ADLEY , (For Keith Hall, Director). Enclosure. H.R. 873—GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM WAR MEMORIAL ACT As ordered reported by the House Committee on Natural Resources on July 26, 2017 H.R. 873 would authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation, a nonprofit organization, to establish a memorial in the District of Columbia and its environs to commemorate members of the armed forces who served on active duty in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Because H.R. 873 would prohibit the use of federal funds to establish the memorial, CBO estimates that implementing the legislation would result in no significant costs to the federal government. Enacting H.R. 873 would affect direct spending; therefore, payasyougo procedures apply. The memorial project would be subject to the requirements of the Commemorative Works Act. Under that act, any entity that receives a permit to construct a memorial must donate to the National Park Foundation (a nonprofit organization) an amount equal to 10 percent of the memorial’s estimated construction cost. That amount, as well as any project funds remaining after construction of the memorial, would be available in future years for maintenance of the memorial. Based on the experience of similar commemorative projects, CBO expects that any amounts collected by the federal government for maintenance would not be received for several years and would be offset by an expenditure soon thereafter. On net, CBO estimates that such effects would be insignificant. Enacting the bill would not affect revenues. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 873 would not increase net direct spending or on budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 873 contains no intergovernmental or privatesector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would impose no costs on state, local, or tribal governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Janani Shankaran. The estimate was approved by Theresa A. Gullo, Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in favor of the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act. This act will initiate the process for constructing a memorial to the brave men and women of the Armed Forces who have fought and, too often, died for this country in the wake of the September 11 attacks. As a veteran of the Iraq war, I am extremely proud to be on the floor today as we memorialize the bravest and best of Americans: the ones who volunteered to put themselves in harm’s way and did not come back. I want to commend my fellow Marines, Mr. MOULTON and Mr. G ALLA GHER , for sponsoring this act. As you know, Mr. Speaker, it takes a lot for an enlisted marine like me to speak very highly of any officer, let alone Marine Corps officers, but there are always exceptions. Mr. Speaker, as we consider this legislation, I hope every Member of this body will take a quiet moment today to think about the courageous men and women we have lost over the past 16 years. When I cast my vote today, I know I will be thinking about my close friends, including Corporal Andre Williams and Lance Corporal Christopher Lyons, who died 12 years ago today in Cykla, Iraq. This memorial will honor thousands of our countrymen who have been killed and wounded in Iraq and around the world. It will memorialize the service of those who have survived the battle only to fall victim to the mental and emotional demons of posttraumatic stress. And it will represent a token of thanks to the family and friends who have served by supporting their loved ones in uniform. 
b1130 For as long as this memorial stands, it will continue the proud tradition of America honoring its sons and daughters who have given their last full measure of devotion. I look forward to commencing design and to the day when the memorial passes from an idea on a piece of paper to a landmark on the National Mall. I thank Congressman MOULTON and Congressman GALLAGHER for their remarks. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ), the author of this measure, one of the many thousands of Americans who stepped forward to answer their country’s call. Mr. GALLAGHER . Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue, for working with us, and I ask that he please extend our thanks to every member of the Natural Resources Committee for its effort in getting this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I also thank the gentleman from Arizona for his words and for his service. It is my honor to call him my fellow marine. As an officer, I did my best just not to get in the way of my enlisted marines, who were doing the real work. Maybe we can bring some of that same ethos here to Congress. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bill that honors our post9/11 veterans and secures their rightful place in our Nation’s Capital. Earlier this summer, I had the honor of welcoming a group of American heroes who journeyed from northeast Wisconsin to Washington, D.C., aboard the Old Glory Honor Flight. That is one of the truly incredible things we get to do as Members of Congress. Just to watch generation after generation of veterans representing every major conflict since World War II visiting the very memorials that honor their sacrifice, their service, their commitment, their courage in those conflicts was one of the most remarkable experiences of my life. Just as these veterans visited their respective memorials, so, too, should the brave men and women who have served and continue to serve in the ongoing war on terrorism have a memorial one day to honor their courage, their sacrifice, their commitment. But as the chairman laid out, current law does not allow for the creation for a memorial for the war on terror. The 1986 Commemorative Works Act requires that monuments in honor of a ‘‘. . . limited military engagement or a unit of an armed force may not be authorized . . . until at least 10 years after the officially designated end of such war or conflict.’’ But as we know, this is a conflict unlike many others that have preceded it. This war will have no clear end date, no V Day or VJ Day. Threats continue to rise, so the longest ongoing conflict in our Nation’s history continues. After 15 years, after over 6,800 American lives lost, there is still no end in sight. So this memorial is for the men and women who have died fighting, those who continue to fight, those who are still joining the fight against terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a second to recognize the dedicated members of the Global War on Terrorism Memorial Foundation, many of whom are with us here today, especially Andrew Brennan, George Chewning, Chad Longell, and Matt Gannon. They have been tireless in their commitment to getting this done. Today we are taking an important step forward, but we still need to get it across the finish line, so I want to recognize their efforts. I just want to say, Mr. Speaker, like most, I struggle with how to truly honor the men and women whose sacrifices far exceed my own. I was lucky. I had great marines that kept me safe, and we all came home safe. But my hope is that this memorial will serve as not only a way to honor those who paid the ultimate sacrifices, but also as a call to action for us, the living. I believe that those we will pay tribute to through this memorial didn’t risk everything just so we would sit back and praise them for keeping us safe. I would submit to you that the fallen don’t want our praise. They want our participation in this incredible experiment in selfgovernment. If we are going to continue passing the torch of democracy from one generation to the next, then we need to build this memorial so that future generations never forget their duty to do the same, so that future generations never forget the cost of liberty. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to support this legislation to memorialize the service of the brave men and women who have fought in the global war on terrorism. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ). Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Wisconsin and Arizona. It is an honor to stand here as fellow marines in support of this bill today. Today is a big day. It is a milestone in a journey that we started over a year ago. We are taking a major legislative step in the direction of creating a memorial honoring those who have served on Active Duty during the global war on terrorism. For many, like my colleagues, this bill is personal. None of us will forget where we were on September 11, 2001, and we all continue to live with the aftermath of that tragic day in American history. It is important to note that the tragic events of 9/11 and the war on terror to follow did not leave us isolated and afraid as a nation. Rather, in true American fashion, they inspired an entire generation to come together and serve. So many young men and women selflessly answered the call to serve their country in the wake of that tragedy, and I would like to share just one story with you about someone from my district who would be on this memorial. Captain Jennifer Harris lived in the town of Swampscott. She was a graduate of the United States Naval Academy, and, sadly, became the first Massachusetts woman killed in the Iraq war. Jennifer was the epitome of leadership and sacrifice. On flying missions, she had the call sign ‘‘The Dove.’’ She would often be called to evacuate our wounded soldiers and marines from the battlefield. Captain Harris’ final mission was to transport blood supplies. She willingly volunteered for it even though she was only just days away from returning home. In fact, she was initially told: No. You are too close to leaving. Don’t go. 
Her superiors reluctantly agreed. Captain Harris died on February 7, along with six other crew members after insurgents shot down her helicopter. In her twenties, with a bright future ahead of her, Captain Harris was on her third tour of duty in Iraq. I can’t help but think today of my grandfather, a World War II veteran. He never got to see the WWII Memorial in his lifetime. He was never afforded the opportunity to have some place to take his family to reflect on his time in the service or remember his colleagues who did not have the opportunity to come home. Let’s not let that history repeat itself. The men and women who have given their all in the war on terror should be afforded a place on the National Mall where their loved ones can pay respects and honor their sacrifice. Passage of this bill is an important first step in seeing this memorial built in our lifetime. Let’s get this done for Captain Jennifer Harris and the thousands of others like her who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in the strongest support possible for this bill to begin the process of establishing a memorial to honor the servicemembers of our longest war. 5,799 days ago, on a crystal blue September morning, we came face to face with an evil as old as time. Within days, our military was engaged, and within weeks, we sustained our first 
casualties. Our latest loss happened this very month. They came from every walk of American life, from the North, the South, the East, the West, every race, color, and creed, men and women. The memorial authorized in this bill will allow the Nation to remember not only those who did not come home, but also those with lifechanging injuries, visible and invisible, the incomprehensible and too often unnoticed stress on the spouses and children of those deployed, and the sacrifices of those who put their stateside lives on hold to serve. Mr. Speaker, amidst the divisions in our country today, we need this memorial now more than ever, yes, to remember our fallen, but also to bind us together as we reflect upon their sacrifice for the transcendent ideals upon which this country was founded. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, the gentleman from Arizona, and the gentleman from Massachusetts for their work on this legislation and for their service to our country. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ). To show our bipartisan nature, we are going to allow somebody from the Army to speak also on this bill. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, but like a typical marine, he actually got it wrong. I was actually in the Navy. Mr. GALLEGO. That is worse. Mr. PANETTA. I was a Navy officer. I am sure that was on purpose. So standing here actually as a Navy officer, being asked to address this bill, H.R. 873, and to support this bill, being asked by a bunch of marines is a true honor, and it is very humbling at the same time. Mr. Speaker, I do rise in support of H.R. 873, the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act, to create the foundation, which will then provide for the Global War on Terrorism Memorial right here on the National Mall. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GALLEGO  from Arizona; Mr. MOULTON from Massachusetts; and, of course, Mr. GALLA GHER from Wisconsin, my classmate here in the 115th Congress, a fellow freshman. Again, it is quite a privilege to stand here with these fellow veterans as peers, but also as a true sign of bipartisanship in the House of Representatives. Now, I had remarks prepared yesterday to address the House about this topic, but last night I went to Arlington National Cemetery. I took my two daughters, who are here in town. We saw what people normally see, the changing of the guard, the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, the tomb of President Kennedy. But I made it a point to go to area 60, the area where there are many recent interments from the people, from our veterans, from our brethren, who have served in the global war on terrorism. On that hallowed ground, I made it a point to seek out someone I served with, a gentleman by the name of Brendan Looney. I served with Mr. Looney in Korea. He was an intelligence officer back then. Both of us made sure that we wanted to do more. I went forward, but Brendan Looney wanted to do more than just that: he wanted to become a SEAL, and he did. He served in Iraq and he served in Afghanistan. It was in 2010 when the Blackhawk he was riding in went down and crashed, killing everybody onboard. Now, Brendan is interred in area 60 at Arlington National Cemetery right along with his brethren, with his brother in arms, Travis Manion. I looked at Travis Manion’s tombstone, and on that tombstone is a quote that I would like to share. On that tombstone, it says: If not me, then who? 
And right next to Mr. Manion’s tombstone was another 19yearold who was interred there, a veteran of the global war on terrorism. And on his tombstone was a quote that I would like to share. It said: 
Mr. Speaker, it is this attitude that was inscribed on those tombstones which is the attitude of this generation of veterans who served in the global war on terrorism, my generation, our generation, men and women who didn’t step back; instead, they stepped forward. They didn’t just step forward; they ran forward, they ran to the fight. Now, also at Arlington National Cemetery was another quote that I would like to share, and it was from John F. Kennedy. The quote that they had up there by his tomb was from one of his speeches, in which he stated: 
In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility. I welcome it. 
b1145 The men and women who served in the global war on terrorism did not shrink from that responsibility. They did not run away. They ran forward. So, Mr. Speaker, I believe that it is important to have this memorial because the families, the friends, the men and women of this country should not just have to go to cemeteries to honor those who served and paid the ultimate sacrifice. That is why I stand here, Mr. Speaker, in full support of the memorial here on the National Mall to not just honor, but to celebrate the service and the sacrifice of the veterans of the global war on terrorism. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ), who has brought this legislation before us today. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to quickly add my thanks to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ), who started this effort in the last Congress with another colleague of ours, and I was fortunate enough to join that team when I arrived here. Without his dedication from the start, we would not be at this moment today. I would also thank him for his example of leadership in the Marine Corps and in Congress, which has inspired a generation of marines like myself. And while we don’t agree on everything, we always look for ways to work together. It is my belief in just listening to these speeches, particularly from the veterans who serve in Congress, that there is so much that we can work together on; and there are forces that are trying to divide us, but there is still so much that we can agree upon. So while this may seem like a small step, I would submit that this is big. And I hope this is the beginning of more work that we can do on behalf of the country, and that is what it should be about at the end of the day. So I just thank all of my colleagues. I thank the chairman for his help. I couldn’t be more proud that, in a divided time, we came together to do something good on behalf of past generations of veterans and on behalf of the next generation. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I thank Congressman GALLA GHER , Congressman M OULTON , and all of the veterans who have sponsored this bill in remembrance of our brothers and sisters from the global war on terrorism. I would like to speak a couple more minutes just because I rarely have the opportunity to speak about the guys that I served with. It was a group called Lima 325 out of Ohio. It was one of the best groups of men who I probably have ever met. We were nice young men from New Mexico that were suddenly added to these country boys and city boys from Ohio and sent to the middle of nowhere, Iraq. And from there, we saw a lot of combat. We lost a lot of friends. In section 60, many of us veterans have this tradition where we go and we put our quarters on the headstones of the men we served with. And I, unfortunately, have to put down a lot of quarters. But one of the things that I will always remember is that this unit, Lima 325, really brought people from all walks of life in America. You had African Americans, you had country boys from Ohio, you had Navajo from the Navajo Nation and other parts of our Tribal Nations, you had Latinos. We even taught some of the Ohio boys how to cook since they don’t really have good taste. We introduced them to the idea of green chili, which I have heard has now taken off in Oliver, Ohio. And we lived together for 7 months, going from house to house, from hole to hole. And even today, though many of us cannot see each other, we still live with each other in our spirits and in our souls. 
These types of memorials matter. For many of us, this generation is not the generation that served together on a base. Many of us actually served from different parts of the world. We dropped our jobs and what we were doing, our school sometimes, to join in, leave our families, leave the comfort and safety of the United States to go and defend what we believed was important to this country and to honor our commitment. Sometimes it is these types of memorials that are the only thing that actually bring us together. I recently was lucky enough to have my 10year reunion with the guys from Lima Company, and that is the first time I had seen many men that I had lived with for so long. It was a very inspiring as well as moving, and really consoling thing for me. I believe that having a memorial of this nature would be extremely important for many men and women to be able to see, to be able to come and maybe not necessarily physically meet with their partners, with their comrades, but to at least be able to spiritually have a place to meet with their comrades, with the people that they served with in arms. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. With this vote, we will begin proceeding on this memorial and begin a process of planning a great work to honor the bravery, sacrifice, and patriotism to those who have defended Western civilization from the medieval barbarism that has reappeared in our time. But even more importantly, we begin work on a tangible promise for future generations, a promise animated by the heroic deeds of these veterans, the promise of a coming age of liberty and justice, of peace and tolerance that will surely come. I ask for adoption of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 873. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 481, I call up the bill (H.R. 3180) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 481, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, printed in the bill, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 3180 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2018 the sum of $514,000,000. 
The authorization of appropriations by this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security.’’. Subtitle B—Other Elements 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ). 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill, H.R. 3180. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a good, bipartisan bill that we have worked all year putting together in a bipartisan manner. I thank all of my colleagues not only on the Intelligence Committee, but also those colleagues who came down to review the bill. Hopefully they got all the information from our staff to provide all the answers that they may need so that they understand the classified nature of the bill and the importance of this bill to our Nation’s intelligence community and our warfighters. I want to highlight just a few things in the bill, because we did debate this bill on Monday, so I will go through this quickly. The legislation provides the intelligence community authorization needed to protect and defend the United States. It supports critical national security programs, such as those protecting Americans against terrorism, cyber attacks, and hostile foreign nations. The total funding authorized in the bill is slightly below the President’s budget request, and is consistent with the House Budget Committeepassed fiscal year 2018 budget resolution. H.R. 3180 enables the intelligence community to carry out its vital work protecting Americans in the most complex threat environment since 9/11. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 is a solid, bipartisan bill, one that garnered unanimous approval in the committee by voice vote. I thank my committee colleagues and the entire HPSCI staff for their collaborative efforts in crafting the measure that we consider here today. In the 114th Congress, this committee worked in a similar bipartisan fashion to pass into law four key pieces of national security legislation. I am proud of our past legislative accomplishments, which testify to the virtues of substantive deliberation and reasoned compromise without needing to compromise the security of the American people or of our brave servicemembers. Reflecting on the past year, on Russia’s assault on Western democracies, and on other challenges as well, from everything to include North Korea’s unrelenting pursuit of a strategic nuclear capability, we owe the American people a deliberate process. I wish the bill had come to the floor with a rule that allowed Members to offer amendments. That opportunity is commensurate with the importance of the intelligence bill and the need for vigorous oversight of the IC by the whole Congress. Nonetheless, the manifest shortcomings in the process cannot take precedence over the imperative of discharging our duty and authorizing the operations of the intelligence community. On its merits, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3180 today. The Intelligence Committee oversees some of the most sensitive and highly classified aspects of U.S. intelligence operations and programs. The annual Intelligence Authorization Act is the primary means by which we can guarantee an appropriate balance between our Nation’s national security imperatives and the civil liberties and privacy rights enshrined in the Constitution. H.R. 3180 does just that by funding, equipping, and giving policy direction to the intelligence community and military intelligence elements of the Defense Department. It sustains support for key national security priorities and programs, and represents a slight decrease from the President’s budget request from 2018. This bill features a number of provisions championed by my Democratic colleagues, some of which redouble the IC’s focus on the scope and nature of the threat, both overt and covert, that Russia poses to our interests and American political institutions. H.R. 3180 also mandates public reporting about counterintelligence and cyber threats against future U.S. elections; bolsters oversight of our policy guiding counterterrorism actions outside of declared areas of hostilities; and seeks more information about the executive branch’s process for determining when and to whom to reveal information about vulnerabilities in computers and networks. At the same time, and unlike IAAs of years past, this bill omits problematic language regarding Guantanamo detentions and the role of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. I am less supportive of some elements in this legislation, but the bill’s merits outweigh any misgivings I may have, and I was proud to cosponsor the bill along with the chairman. Through it, our committee and the Congress as a whole serves as a guardrail against any excesses, transgressions or abuses. That has always been a solemn obligation, but at this uncertain and unprecedented moment in our national life, it carries even more responsibility for all of us. So, again, I urge my colleagues today to vote with me to advance the Intelligence Authorization Act and see that it is enacted into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), one of our subcommittee ranking members. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I thank both the chairman and ranking member for the strong bill that has been offered up today and for the bipartisan manner in which it was developed and enacted and, hopefully, will be passed. I rise in strong support of this bill, but would note for my colleagues that this authorization bill is an odd one. To fully understand it, you need to go deep into the basement of this Capitol and review it behind heavy metal doors. b1200 The bill is full of acronyms and code words and classified information. As such, it can be hard to understand, and things that are hard to understand sometimes cause anxiety and fear. Let me take a moment to describe what this bill does. This bill has the strong bipartisan support of my fellow committee members, liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans alike, because it provides the lifeblood to a truly remarkable group of people who work behind the scenes and in the dark to keep us safe and to keep us free. The unheralded and unacknowledged warriors of the intelligence community never stop in the work that they do around the world. As we speak, North Korea is feverishly working to develop the ability to deliver a nuclear bomb to American shores. Our intelligence community is watching, evaluating, and planning against this mortal threat. As we speak, for the first time in a generation, Iran is not feverishly working to develop the ability to deliver a nuclear bomb to our shores. Our intelligence community is making sure that that stays true. As we speak, Mr. Speaker, for the umpteenth time, terrorists in places like Afghanistan and Libya and Syria are spending their time desperately trying to stay alive instead of spending their time planning to attack our airlines, our cities, and our people. As we speak, Mr. Speaker, Russia lurks, seeking advantage, promoting instability, and working to erode international norms and instability. We should make no mistake about Russia as an adversary, because there is a lot of noise about this. Russia is a country that invades neighboring sovereign countries, it murders political opponents, it bombs Syrian hospitals, and, yes, it conducted an unprecedented attack on the very core of our Democratic system: our free and fair elections. This bill funds the warriors who are watching that, who are standing up against that, in order to keep our system what we all like it to be. Mr. Speaker, because these activities are carried out secretly in the dark of night and usually unacknowledged, there is always the possibility for abuse. These activities, by their nature, run up against the lines of those values that make us Americans. This is surveillance. It is other things that are worthy of debate. The members of this committee spend their days in good argument about what the limits of those 
activities should be, and we will have additional arguments around things like the reauthorization of the section 702 surveillance programs. These are terrific arguments that we have in a constructive way. These are not arguments that are present in this bill. Just as we did on section 215, we will have a robust discussion of the section 702 international authorities. These are authorities that raise questions and that should be subject to the debate of this Chamber. But this bill, this bill today, is about the lifeblood of a remarkable group of people who don’t always get it right any more than we do, but who are patriots, who respect the Constitution, and who need our support in the work that they do to keep us safe and keep us free. I would like to, again, thank the majority, the chairman, the ranking member, and especially the staff who worked diligently to make this a bill that we would unanimously support and suggest to my colleagues in this Chamber that we don’t see a lot of bills like this one, but this one is worthy of their support. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman, Mr. HIMES, for his kind comments, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI .) Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time, and I join our colleague in saluting the committee for bringing this bipartisan legislation to the floor—so many issues that the committee has to deal with. I know that full well as a previous ranking member. I know that we all agree that every chance we get we want to salute the patriotic men and women of the intelligence community for their ceaseless heroism and unblinking vigilance to keep the American people safe. I thank them for all they do for force protection and conflict prevention. The quiet professionals of the U.S. intelligence community work every day, again, to keep this country safe and our leaders informed. Respect for their work is essential. I thank Ranking Member SCHIFF and members of the committee—Mr. SCHIFF , for his leadership, and commend all the members of the committee for their dedication to those same goals. I am sorry that this bill is coming up under a closed rule so that Members cannot offer amendments. One such amendment might be about an independent commission. It is the judgment of the intelligence community, as expressed in the January 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment, that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a multifaceted activemeasures campaign to sow discord in our political process and help one Presidential candidate and hurt the other. For this reason, we continue to ask for an outside, independent commission to look forward on how to prevent Russia and others from meddling in our election system again. The Swalwell Cummings legislation to establish that commission has 200 bipartisan cosponsors. I also want to salute our Homeland Security Committee ranking member, BENNIE THOMPSON , for his leadership to strengthen the preparedness of the election infrastructure of the United States to identify and withstand a foreign attack. Our election systems are part of the critical infrastructure of our country, some of the most critical infrastructure of our democracy itself. We must protect it. The United States must reject foreign interference in our elections, no matter which party it helps or which party it hurts. Our oath of office is to protect and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Working with the intelligence community to better ensure the integrity of our elections is vital to that goal. Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bipartisan legislation and salute the members of the committee. I especially want to acknowledge the tremendous leadership of our ranking member, Mr. SCHIFF from California. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I want to express my agreement with Leader PELOSI ’s comments on the continuing need for the appointment of an independent commission. An independent commission would have the dedicated focus, the distance from any potential political interference, and the resources to prepare a report of the caliber that we saw of the 9/11 Commission. I think that would be a very sound and important complement to what we are doing in Congress and what Special Counsel Mueller is doing. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), my wonderful colleague on the Intelligence Committee. Mr. HECK. Madam Speaker, I rise to support the 2018 Intelligence Authorization Act, but first I would like to tender a point of personal privilege. Happy birthday, Madam Speaker. This Intelligence Authorization Act has very strong bipartisan language. I just want to highlight two areas where the IAA furthers what I believe to be high priorities for our national security. First, section 605, which I had the honor to author, sets in motion how to change the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, we also call it CFIUS, to better protect our keystone technologies. This IAA provision dovetails with some broader work that we are doing in the Financial Services Committee, in fact, across the aisle with Congressman PITTENGER and myself and others. It would modernize the process to better protect and prevent strategic foreign adversaries like China or Russia from taking advantage of our open markets in a way that undermines our national security. America’s technological edge is, in fact, a cornerstone of our national security, but our strategic adversaries know that, too. They are increasingly seeking to obtain these critical technologies and resources through commercial transactions, i.e., they are buying them. CFIUS is a place to safeguard us against this risk, but it needs modernization, more resources, and authority and support from the intelligence community. Russian meddling in the 2017 election showed us what happens when an adversary tries to exploit our political openness. Now they are trying to exploit our economic openness. Our intelligence community is vital in protecting against both of those threats. Let me also underscore this point: The fiscal year 2018 IAA takes steps to safeguard our Nation’s edge, our advantage in space, which is, I am sorry to say, increasingly threatened by adversary nations. To mitigate that risk, the bill supports some truly cutting edge space technologies and invests in and oversees programs to ensure the resiliency of overhead architecture. At the same time, it keeps up with the Intelligence Committee’s longrunning efforts to stimulate innovation. In particular, the committee report accompanying today’s legislation asks the National GeospatialIntelligence Agency to examine new approaches to public and private sector collaboration, with the goal of fostering the faster, smarter development of automation, artificial intelligence, and similar technologies. Madam Speaker, I am proud to support this legislation. I hope all my colleagues will join me in both wishing the Speaker a happy birthday and in voting ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I wasn’t aware it is your birthday, but happy birthday, and I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, happy birthday. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), who will now sing Happy Birthday for you. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Speaker, I will spare you that. Madam Speaker, I voice my support for H.R. 3180, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. The men and women of America’s intelligence community, the best in the world, protect our country every day. They serve beyond the front lines of conflict to collect and analyze intelligence on our adversaries. In addition to being highly effective, America’s intelligence community adapts as the threats our country faces shift on a daily basis. Their effectiveness is amplified when they are in close 
cooperation and coordination with policymakers. I want to thank my fellow members on the committee, especially Ranking Member SCHIFF and Chairman N UNES , for working with me to add language into this bill requiring the intelligence community to brief Congress on our intelligence capabilities in the South China Sea. Over $5 trillion in shipborne commerce flows through the region each year, including the vast majority of seaborne energy imports by close U.S. partners such as Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan. The security of the United States and those of these partners is closely linked to the ability of the United States to guarantee the freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. Our ongoing territorial disputes in the South China Sea threaten the principles of a rulesbased order and the security of the United States and our allies. The language in the IAA allows Congress to more effectively understand the needs of the intelligence community. It allows for a twoway conversation so that Congress can act to provide the intelligence community the tools and authorities it needs to inform policymakers. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Intelligence Authorization Act. Good intelligence safeguards our Nation from adversaries. It is used to support our Armed Forces, our diplomats, and our homeland security professionals. The men and women of the U.S. intelligence community make enormous sacrifices on behalf of our country. While others seek the limelight, they shun publicity and selfpromotion. They are silent warriors and quiet heroes. I want to highlight section 609 of this legislation. It is a version of a bill that I authored called the Prevention and Oversight of Intelligence Sharing with Enemies Act, or the POISE Act. I introduced the POISE Act in May after the President disclosed highly sensitive information to senior Russian officials during a White House meeting. This information had been entrusted to the U.S. by key allies. Under Federal law, the executive branch is required to inform the congressional intelligence committees of U.S. intelligence activities. The POISE Act would specify that the executive branch must notify the committees when a member of the executive branch, including the President, intentionally or inadvertently discloses top secret information to adversary foreign government. b1215 It is dangerous for a U.S. official to share classified information with an adversary, especially outside of established intelligence channels. The adversary could use the information to harm the United States or its allies. Moreover, our partners might decide to stop sharing critical intelligence with us if they lose confidence in our capacity to keep it confidential. The congressional notification requirement in the POISE Act would help deter inappropriate disclosures of classified information to adversaries. Once formally notified of the disclosure, Congress would be in a position to take any appropriate oversight action. I am so pleased that the core of the POISE Act is contained in section 609. I want to thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member SCHIFF for including the provision in the bill, and I urge the bill’s swift passage. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ). Mr. SWALWELL of California. Madam Speaker, happy birthday to you. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member and our chair. I think this IAA represents the best of what we do together in the committee, and I am really just thrilled on behalf of the men and women who serve this country in our military and in our intelligence services that they have an authorization, act, that respects what they do, that enables what they do and understands that we have trying days ahead. Press reports right now are showing that North Korea may have just launched another ballistic missile, and so people who we represent at home are counting on us to do everything we can to protect this great country. It has been a privilege to work with Mr. SCHIFF and the chairman on this bill. Of particular interest for me is that this bill also has our intelligence agencies report back to Congress just what efforts the Russians are taking not just in America, but across the globe to interfere and meddle in other countries’ elections. We have seen an escalating pattern of this over the past few decades, certainly culminating in our recent 2016 election. It is very important that the Congress knows and that the American people and our allies know what continued efforts will look like. So I appreciate the majority’s willingness to work with us. We have seen, I think, in just the past few days, a bicameral effort to come together and say that we are not going to tolerate Russia’s aggression in the world. The sanctions that were recently passed in this House and across the way in the Senate, I think, showed the world that we are serious, that this is our democracy, and it is still a democracy that is worth protecting. I think part of the IAA reflects that spirit as well. So, again, I thank the chairman for his work. I thank the staff on the majority side and the Members on the majority side, as well as our ranking member and our own staff, for working so hard to put this forward to protect and defend this great country. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This year’s Intelligence Authorization Act was a bipartisan effort, and I am pleased to vote for it today. With this legislation, we reaffirm that all of our government’s activities, including ones that are, by necessity, classified, must be maximally effective and bound by law. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this year’s IAA. I do want to take this opportunity, also, to commend our committee’s outgoing fellow from the Los Alamos National Lab, Phil Tubesing. For 2 years, Phil has worked alongside the entire HPSCI staff, imparting his scientific expertise about nuclear weapons and the other significant national security work that our national labs undertake. Phil, we thank you for your service to the committee and wish you every success in the future. Finally, I want to extend a closing word to all of the men and women of the intelligence community. The work that you do keeps us safe. Your mission is to speak truth to power, to give policymakers objective, rigorously vetted and diligently produced intelligence, and you do that in magnificent fashion. Thank you for your commitment and resolve in the face of a challenging global threat landscape. With this legislation, we believe that we provide you with the adequate tools, authorities, and funding, while making sure that our congressional oversight remains robust. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I want to thank both the majority and minority members of our committee for working in a bipartisan manner this year to complete this bill, which I believe is a really good product and will support the men and women doing very difficult work to protect the American people. I do want to thank the staff not only from the minority side, but also from the majority side, specifically: Shannon Stuart, Nick Ciarlante, Scott Glabe, Bill Flanigan, Allen Souza, Lisa Major, Jacqueline Tame, Mark Stewart, Chelsey Campbell, Andrew House, Marissa Skaggs, Angel Smith, Kash Patel, Doug Presley, Steve Keith, George Pappas, and Jack Langer for helping craft this bill with the minority; as well as the committeeshared staff of Brandon Smith, Kim Kerr, and Kristin Jepson. I would also like to take another moment, as Mr. SCHIFF just did, our ranking member, and thank our fellow who 
will be leaving us this year, who has been here a couple of years, Mr. Phil Tubesing, who will be going back and ending his congressional fellowship. We thank him for all of his work. Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to pass this bill and send an overwhelming message to the men and women who protect this country that this Congress stands ready to support them. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee and vigilant defender of our national security, I rise in support of H.R. 3180, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018,’’ which will provide the Intelligence Community (IC) with the necessary resources and authorities to ensure they remain capable of protecting and defending the United States. Our intelligence community is facing unprecedented threats from our adversaries around the world as this Administration struggles with the basics of leading this great nation. The Obama Administration left the nation with a stable and growing economy; several important international coalition wins that include the Iranian Nuclear Arms Deal; the Russia Sanctions; and the Paris Climate Agreement. The work of our intelligence community is a key asset in our efforts to thwart our adversaries when they seek to do Americans or our interests harm. Following the Election, Presidentelect Trump was critical of the intelligence community. In December 2016, he attacked the CIA over its assessment that Russian hacks on Democratic political targets were intended to help him win the White House. In January of this year just prior to his inauguration, he compared our intelligence community to Nazi Germany, while making an unfounded accusation that the intelligence community leaked an unconfirmed dossier of sensitive information regarding him compiled by a private investigator. President Trump’s disclosure of highly sensitive intelligence to Russian officials during a visit they had in the oval office raises grave concerns among our allies regarding sharing information with our intelligence community and the disclosure threatened to fracture his alreadydelicate relationship with the intelligence community. The revelation that President Trump met a second time in secret with Russian President Putin was not disclosed to the public, but came to light due to investigative journalism. The New York Times reported that lawyers and aides to President Trump are investigating the investigators hired by special counsel Robert Mueller, by scouring their records for potential conflicts of interest in an attempt to discredit their work. There is a pressing need for not only funding the work of the intelligence community, but to also provide additional protections to guard this national asset from undue interference from an Administration with too many entanglements with the Russian government that are under investigation. This bill authorizes appropriations for Fiscal Year 2018 for vital intelligence activities of the U.S. Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. H.R. 3180 comes at a critical time in the status of our national security and the IC’s ability to protect it. As we continue to face a diverse and growing array of threats from terrorist groups, hostile nation states, and questionable or incompetent figures in the Trump administration, it is crucial that the IC receive all the resources it needs to do its job while Congress has the necessary tools to carry out rigorous oversight of its work. This bill seeks to meet these challenges by supporting critical national security programs, particularly those focused on countering terrorism and cyberattacks. Under H.R. 3180, the Director of National Intelligence will be required to electronically publish an unclassified advisory report on foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to federal elections. It also bolsters intelligence oversight by ensuring that IC contractors can meet freely with Congress. Lastly, this bill improves IC accountability to Congress by requiring the IC to provide reports on: Investigations of leaks of classified information; Security clearance processing timelines; The process for reviewing information about computer vulnerabilities for retention or potential release; And Russian influence campaigns directed at foreign elections and threat finance activities. Madam Speaker, H.R. 3180 is a necessary response to the overwhelming evidence pointing to a carefully planned and executed infiltration of our 2016 Presidential Election by the Russian government and its operatives. The issue of cybersecurity, particularly with regards to our federal election computer system infrastructure, has been of great concern to me and the American public as more and more reports of Russian hacking efforts have come to light. In addition, the provision requiring reports on security clearance processing timelines should shed light on the highly dubious and inscrutable security clearances of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Donald Trump’s blatant and irresponsible nepotism towards his daughter and soninlaw have made us all vulnerable to Russian and other foreign influence at the highest levels of our federal government. H.R. 3180 will give the American people what they crave and deserve: clarity and transparency to pierce through the haze of coverups and distractions surrounding the Trump Administration. This bill also takes significant, muchneeded steps to improve benefits for members of the IC, such as increasing employee compensation and authorizing $514 million in appropriations for the CIA’s Retirement and Disability System. Congress must do its part to adequately recompense the patriotic Americans who serve our nation through their work in the IC, especially employees with disabilities, who make up 9 percent of the intelligence workforce. At the same time, we must continue to ensure that Congress can exercise oversight over and maintain transparency for the 17 agencies that comprise the IC. I am heartened that my Republican colleagues in the Intelligence Committee are starting to see the light in recognizing the sinister threat of Russian infiltration and White House collusion, both of which endanger our nation’s ability to practice and protect its core democratic values. I look forward to working with all Members of Congress to strengthen our IC, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. CHENEY). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 481, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage of H.R. 3180 will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of S. 114. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 380, nays 35, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie 
Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Amash Bass Blumenauer Capuano Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Conyers DelBene Duncan (TN) Ellison Gabbard Gomez Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Johnson (GA) Jones Khanna Labrador Lee Lewis (GA) Lofgren Massie McGovern O’Rourke Pocan Polis Sanford Schakowsky Smith (WA) Takano Vela´zquez Welch 
Clay Collins (NY) Costa Costello (PA) Cummings Donovan Graves (MO) Hollingsworth King (NY) Larson (CT) Lujan Grisham, M. Napolitano Roskam Scalise Speier Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Zeldin b1245 Mmes. SCHAKOWSKY, VELA´ZQUEZ, and CLARKE of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. ADAMS, Messrs. CROWLEY and KIND changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BONUS TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain highlevel employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Bass Clay Collins (NY) Costa Costello (PA) Cummings Donovan Graves (MO) Hollingsworth 
King (NY) Larson (CT) Lujan Grisham, M. Napolitano Roskam Scalise Speier Taylor Webster (FL) Zeldin 
b1252 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve hiring authorities of the Department, to authorize major medical facility leases, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I was absent during rollcall votes No. 436, No. 437, and No. 438 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on H.R. 481—Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3180) Intelligence Authorization Act for FY 2018. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 3180—Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on S. 114—Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Speaker, today I was absent in order to accompany the President of the United States on a visit to my district in Long Island, New York. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 436, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 437, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 438. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Madam Speaker, on Friday, July 28, 2017, I was not present for rollcall votes 437 and 438. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 437 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 438. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORITIES ACT, FISCAL YEAR 2017, IMPROVEMENTS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 371) to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 371 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act’’. 
The section heading of section 419 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘ANTISEMITISM’’ and inserting ‘‘INTOLERANCE’’. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act’’. 
The section heading of section 419 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘ANTISEMITISM’’ and inserting ‘‘INTOLERANCE’’. 
be provided to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations in the Senate concurrent with the submission of such report to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate pursuant to such subsection. 
Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLUTION TO THE SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY Mr. KATKO, from the Committee on Homeland Security, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115– 270) on the resolution (H. Res. 447) directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities relating to businesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLUTION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESIDENT Mr. SHUSTER, from the Committee on Transportation, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115– 269) on the resolution (H. Res. 437) of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the President’s possession, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING VICTIMS OF HUMAN SMUGGLING (Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer my condolences to the loved ones and families of the 10 victims who died in the tragic human smuggling incident that took place in my hometown of San Antonio, Texas, over the weekend. Many before them have sought to come to our country by land and sea, and have perished. These were not Americans, but they are children of God. This was, above all else, politics aside, a human tragedy. Please join me in a moment of silence to remember the victims and the countless others like them who have lost their lives in pursuit of the American Dream. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize two groups of young men, the Boy Scouts Jamboree Troop 3218 and the Grand Columbia Council, both from Washington State, as they recently attended the 2017 National Scout Jamboree. In the 107 years since its founding, the Boy Scouts of America have instilled the values of hard work, responsibility, resourcefulness, and citizenship into the hearts and minds of thousands of young American men. The National Scout Jamboree brings together first class scouts from all 50 States to participate in a variety of Scouting traditions and to celebrate their organization. The Boy Scouts of America have made a marked difference in our Nation, in Washington State, and in my Fourth Congressional District through the schools and values they teach our young people. I have no doubt that these young men will continue to be leaders in their families, careers, and communities. Please join me in thanking these troops for their commitment to American values, service, and leadership. 
b1300 LET’S WORK TOGETHER (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Senate Republican majority failed to pass their ACA repeal. This is a win for the people across America who wrote letters, made phone calls, and organized communities against this disastrous bill. Mr. Speaker, millions of people rely on insurance expansion made possible under the ACA. Our job is not to harm the people we serve but to make their lives better. Under every single Republican healthcare bill, millions of people would lose health coverage. There are many steps we can take together. Let us strengthen the risk pools, promote competition among insurers, and require States to expand their Medicaid programs. These steps will help lower premiums, increase choice, and allow 50,000 individuals in my district and millions of lowincome Americans across the country to get insurance. My constituents are tired of the partisanship. I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to work with us and each other instead of against each other so everyday Americans do not grow even more cynical of our governing institutions. While the failure of TrumpCare is welcome news, now is the time to hold public hearings, bipartisan meetings, and work toward goals that reduce premiums, deductibles, and healthcare costs for American people. I look forward to working with my Republican colleagues to build on the ACA and improve the law. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SUGAR GROVE CORN BOIL (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege today to rise to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Sugar Grove Corn Boil, a volunteerrun annual summer festival bringing residents together to raise funds for local organizations doing good work in the community. This year, the corn boil is focused on helping families and organizations addressing autism. In 1967, the first ever corn boil brought Sugar Grove community members together for several hours in order to raise enough funds for the town’s first ever street lamp. As a result of the festival’s initial success, the community continued the tradition year after year. The Sugar Grove Corn Boil has grown from a oneday event to a fourday event that brings around 35,000 attendees annually. Even though the old steam engines that used to boil the corn are no longer in use, the tradition of corn in the community ensures the grain remains a staple of the festival. While the festival has grown in size and prominence, the mission has always stayed the same: to bring friends, family, and neighbors together to raise money for local organizations and for town improvement. In addition, the corn boil celebrates Sugar Grove’s Citizen of the Year to remind the community of the difference one person can make. Every dime donated to the Sugar Grove Corn Boil is given back to the community, whether it is local groups, food banks, churches, or to meet village needs. 
I am pleased to share that this year’s festival is dedicated to the effort to address autism. I commend the vital role the Sugar Grove Corn Boil organization and the members play in my community. I ask that all my colleagues join in acknowledging their great contribution to the individuals and families of the 14th Congressional District. 
GINNY BOUVIER, A POWERFUL VOICE FOR PEACE (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sing the praises of Virginia Bouvier, who is a senior adviser for peace processes at the U.S. Institute of Peace and the director of its Colombia program. I have known Ginny for over 30 years. She is a powerful voice for peace and a strong, loving, generous spirit. I have seen her create the conditions, open up the spaces so that peace may take hold even during violent conflict. Around the world, but especially in Colombia, she has brought together people from different points of view, different walks of life, the powerful and the marginalized. She has worked alongside them to find common ground and common purpose in building peace. In all honesty, Mr. Speaker, Ginny is the very model of a life lived fully with intelligence, love, compassion, tolerance, and devotion. Right now, Ginny is under critical care at Georgetown University Hospital. I ask all my colleagues to keep Ginny and her family in their thoughts and prayers. 
HEALTHCARE REFORM (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, the Senate’s inability to pass healthcare reform legislation does not change the fact that the Affordable Care Act is failing. Many Americans may not have one insurance provider on the exchange this fall. Forty percent of counties in the country now only have one option on the exchange. The ACA Medicaid expansion treats nonelderly, nondisabled individuals living above the poverty line more favorably than the elderly and disabled that this crucial program exists to protect. Seven years ago, President Obama and congressional Democrats ran through an illconceived and unsustainable healthcare law that was grounded in makebelieve and statements that were just not true. The Supreme Court twisted an unconstitutional individual mandate penalty into a dubiously constitutional tax, not only mocking our Constitution, but facilitating an evasion of responsibility for representatives who imposed an unpopular tax on the American people. The legacy ObamaCare has been and will continue to be—lost plans, lost doctors, and, as Chelsea Clinton reminded us last year, crushing costs. Single payer is not to the option. Not one Senator voted for single payer yesterday. The solution to our healthcare problem is more freedom, more choice, less Washington control. We must continue our efforts to save the American people from this failing law, and continue our healthcare reform efforts. f 
SOUTH ASIAN HEART HEALTH AWARENESS AND RESEARCH ACT (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, today, with Congressman JOEWILSON of South Carolina, I am introducing bipartisan legislation to raise awareness regarding the alarming rate at which the South Asian community is developing heart disease and to invest in ways to reverse the trend. Coming from countries including India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Nepal, South Asians are the sixth largest and fastest growing ethnic group in the Nation. Despite a traditional diet that is high in lentils, vegetables, grains, and spices, heart disease is on the rise in these communities. A Stanford study has found that South Asians have a four times greater risk of developing heart disease than the general population and have a much greater risk of having a heart attack before the age of 50. Coupled with the prevalence of diabetes in the South Asian community, something needs to be done. That is why we are introducing the South Asian Heart Health Awareness and Research Act. Specifically, our bill will create grants at the CDC, NIH, and USDA to fund heart health research and promotion among South Asian populations. We hope, through doing this, that we can help save lives, develop tools, and support valuable research that can broadly benefit the American public. 
PASSING EXTENSION OF THE VETERANS CHOICE ACT (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House was able to pass the extension of the Veterans Choice Act funding for an additional 6 months to allow veterans to have choices, the ability to not wait in long lines, long lists, and have local proximity to treatment and care that they need. We need to do much more on this in the future, but with today’s action, at least we can sustain that program for an additional amount of time and serve our veterans who served us so well. The Veterans Choice Act is a good outlet, a good opportunity for them to receive the care they need timely and in proximity to where they live. Mr. Speaker, let’s make sure the Senate gets this through and our veterans are served well. f 
WORKING TOGETHER TO BUILD A HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, late last night, Senate Republicans failed in their latest attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but today is not a day for celebration. It is a day for solutions. Over the past 7 years, the Affordable Care Act has expanded access to healthcare for millions of Americans; but the law’s imperfections, combined with politically motivated opposition, have created a system that falls short of the goals we all share. In many communities across the country, there is not enough competition in the individual marketplaces, there is not enough support for middle class families and small businesses, and there is not nearly enough being done to curb the prescription drug prices that are swallowing family budgets. The good news is that we know how to solve these challenges. Now is the time for us to work together, Democrats and Republicans, to build a healthcare system that is worthy of this great Nation. 
HONORING RABBI AVROHOM HOFFMAN (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I take great pleasure in sharing this story of Rabbi Avrohom Hoffman, a truly remarkable man whose presence has illuminated our community for decades. Rabbi Hoffman has called Washington Heights his home for more than 35 years, fathering nine children with his wonderful wife, Miriam. He has served our community by teaching precollege students at a yeshiva and by providing spiritual guidance to those in great need. I am honored to have such an exceptional individual in my district. I was recently informed that Rabbi Hoffman has donated his kidney to a 62yearold woman diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease. His boundless acts of philanthropy serve as a testament to his tremendous character and remind us of the power of human kindness. He serves as a role model to all of us, and I am proud to have recognized a man of such compassion and virtue on this floor. 
WORKING TOGETHER TO IMPROVE OBAMACARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, the collapse of TrumpCare in the Senate shows that we need a new way. The process from the very beginning was fatally flawed. The plan was really behind closed doors. There were no hearings. No witnesses, no doctors, no insurance plans, no patients, no nurses, nobody could testify in front of Congress and let people know about the current healthcare system. I am not ObamaCare. I am willing to work with Republicans, with the President, with Democrats to update and improve ObamaCare. Any law can be made better, but to repeal ObamaCare without a plan is a really stupid way to go about it, and to repeal it with an even worse plan known as TrumpCare is an even more stupid way to go about it. The version that the House passed was going to cause 23 million people to lose their health insurance, increase premiums in 2018 and 2020, and then take people with preexisting conditions and give them enormously higher costs. No wonder the Senate killed that version. Now we are in a position where the Republicans, instead of trying four, five, six, seven, eight different versions of TrumpCare, they should do the one thing they haven’t yet tried, which is bipartisanship. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlemen from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ), who will make some comments as well. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, first of all, my experience with the Affordable Care Act actually comes from the State legislature, where, in a bipartisan manner, the Republican governor joined with the minority Democrats and a handful of Republicans in the Senate State House to pass Medicaid expansion. Why did we do that? If you looked at what was happening in Arizona, it was some of the Trump areas, as I like to call them, these rural districts where the rural hospitals, which are not only the medically necessary infrastructure of the area but also the economic drivers, the only highwage employers in the area, they were about to shut down. There was so much uncompensated cost, because people were using the emergency room as their primary care doctor, that these hospitals were starting to have to charge more and insurance companies were starting to refuse to pay more for their premiums, that they needed to respond to that. In the end, what we started hearing from these hospitals is that we are going to have to shut down the emergency room, and if you have an emergency, we are going to have to helicopter you either to Tucson or Phoenix. Now, for many of you guys who are not Southwesterners like us in the Southwest, we have a lot of territory and a lot of land. For you to just drive to Phoenix for emergency care would be pretty insane, let alone the expense of helicoptering into Phoenix was even more so than that. Because we had the goal of actually increasing and improving our healthcare outcomes, we worked again in a bipartisan manner with Governor Brewer, with Republicans and Democrats to pass one of the most comprehensive Medicaid expansion bills in the country that has actually turned around, lowered costs, created better healthcare outcomes, and has now insured more than 400,000 poor Arizonans that did not have it before, including people in the disability community, as well as children. b1315 To counteract what we saw today, if it wasn’t really for the bravery of Senator MURKOWSKI , Senator C OLLINS , and Senator MCCAIN, as well as all of the Senate Democrats, what we would have seen would have been a bill that would not only have just rolled back the millions of people who are now covered with health insurance, but it would also have been detrimental to the people who currently have even private health insurance. Premiums were going to go up for everybody. The estimated amount of people just on the socalled skinny bill that were going to lose health insurance would be 16 million people, and on the House bill it was going to be 23 million people, in addition to the essential gutting of Medicaid, all for giving a tax cut to the top 1 percent. Now, this is bad policy, but it is worse policy when you don’t have an open process to it, when you seek it through the middle of the night, hoping that the American public is just going to accept what comes out. There is a reason why TrumpCare was polling less than Congress, and trust me, it is very difficult to poll less than Congress. At this point, it is just our families that like us. Mr. TED LIEU of California. I like you. Mr. GALLEGO. I like you, too, TED. You are a good man. But the fact that we the American public knew so little, just knew enough, and said this bill is bad and were able to come out and put pressure on our Senators and our Members of Congress with public hearings and townhalls was key to stopping this. Lastly, before I move back to TED, if you are so proud of this bill, if you are the Senate Republicans and you are so proud of this bill, if you are Donald Trump and you are so proud of this bill, even our House colleagues, why didn’t you have consistent townhalls? Why didn’t you go out there and explain to people what you were planning to do and why this is better for America? Instead, they tried to hide it. They tried to move it as fast as possible, and then tried to schedule a vote in the middle of the night. If you have to vote for something in the middle of the night, it means you are not very confident and you are not very proud of that bill. So what is the solution now? Nobody in the Democratic Caucus thinks the Affordable Care Act—or ObamaCare, as some people call it—is the beall and endall. We don’t think it is perfect. We certainly think that there is a great bipartisan approach we can take to make it better. And what I mean by ‘‘better’’ is more coverage, lower premiums, and better healthcare outcomes. When I use those words, those were almost exactly, word for word, what Donald Trump said he wanted to see happen when he was going to replace the Affordable Care Act. But, point by point, whether it was the bill that came through the House or the bill that came through the Senate, none of those would have even fit Donald Trump’s mandate. Which is why, at the end of the day, that bill was radioactive. Nobody liked it, and they had to hide it. So what we should do is follow the advice of Senator MCCAINin Arizona, follow the example of Senators MURKOWSKI and C OLLINS and all of the Senate Democrats: get back to regular order and work out an actual fix to the Affordable Care Act and get Americans more coverage, lower premiums, and better healthcare outcomes. I say that also as someone who is on an ObamaCare plan. I am not exempt from it, and neither is Mr. LIEU. We are in it just as much as everyone else is, and we want to see it fixed. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, Representative GALLEGO and I both served on Active Duty in the United States military. Before we could do that, we had to take an oath to the Constitution. That is the same oath that Members of Congress take, and it is also an oath that members of the executive branch take. Under the Constitution, Congress passes the laws. ObamaCare is the law of the land. Under the Constitution, the President has a duty to enforce those laws. Today, the President tweeted that he wants ObamaCare to implode. Not only is that mean, mean, mean, it is also a dereliction of duty. The job of the President is to help Americans, not hurt millions of Americans out of spite. Let me give you an example of what it was like before ObamaCare. I was at a restaurant and a waitress came up to me. She knew I was a legislator. I was in the State legislature at the time, and she wanted help. Her daughter had just turned 18, and, in California, where I am from, you cannot get government health insurance if you don’t have any minor children. So 
she lost her government health insurance. She was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. She tried to get private insurance. None of them would cover her. And I realized that she is now going to slowly die because she could not get health insurance coverage. She could not go into an emergency room and get treatment because her breast cancer had not progressed to that point. But one day she is going to get to that point. She will go to an emergency room; she will get treated for a few days; and then she will die. And I thought, in a country as great as America, that should never be happening. Now that the Affordable Care Act is the law of the land, you cannot be discriminated against because of your preexisting conditions. There are some incredibly amazing elements of this law. That is why the Republicans could not repeal it. Because the American people, after looking at it for 7 years, the majority said, you know, this is a pretty good deal. Is it the best deal? No. We could definitely make it better. Mr. Speaker, Representative GALLEGO and I are offering to the Republicans and Speaker RYANto engage in bipartisanship. The one thing we are asking the Speaker to do is to not enable the President to sabotage the Affordable Care Act. Not only is that wrong, but it would be enabling his dereliction of duty, and it will cause millions of Americans to suffer greatly just out of spite. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, if you want to hear some ideas—and I think it is important that instead of just us knocking what was introduced, we could also give some ideas—certainly, for me, and I think I am also speaking for TEDLIEU, we would prefer to have Medicare for all, so people have a stable insurance, a system that we know works, a system that actually brings down costs. But if we can’t do that, there are many things we can do in the meantime. Why not drop the age of Medicare eligibility to 55? If you do that, you are going to also decrease premiums for people who are not on Medicare, people who are just buying private health insurance. You could be on Medicare at 55 and still be working. What about for those counties that don’t have private insurers on the subsidized market? They should be able to buy into the Federal health insurance plans of all of the workers who live in those districts, or buy into the plans that TEDand I have. Why can’t we let them do that? Why not cover every U.S. citizen up until the age of 18 under Medicaid to relieve the parents of that burden? We can also start looking at community health centers, reinforcing those to make sure that we are taking the poorest of the poor who actually cost the most when it comes to healthcare costs and, instead of forcing them into a hospital or into a primary care situation, they could get consistent care without putting a burden on the overall medical system. There are tons of ideas that we could be working on with our colleagues that will, again, fulfill President Trump’s goal of lower costs, lower premiums, and better healthcare outcomes. So this doesn’t have to be a static situation. This doesn’t have to be an either/ or. President Trump is making it sound like, because we did not pass his idea of reform, we must collapse the whole system. That is unnecessary, that is irresponsible, and that is not how adult people that legislate act. You can fix this. We can fix this so more people can have healthcare coverage, more people can have that security that they are going to always have health insurance so they can go and start a business and know they are going to have health insurance, know that they can send their kid to college and they are still going to have health insurance, know that they can retire knowing that they have been healthy the whole time and they are going to have a good, dignified retirement because we had made sure that we established a good healthcare system from the time they were born until the time they retire. This is possible. This is possible. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the House of Representatives is going to go on recess in August. Now is the time for millions of people across America to contact their Member, ask them to hold townhalls, ask them to explain their vote on the awful TrumpCare legislation that passed the House, and ask them to now work with Democrats and work on a bipartisan basis to improve ObamaCare. Now is the time for millions of Americans to speak up. They have the entire month of August to contact their Member of Congress, and I urge them to do so. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, lastly, I will close with this. If you were one of those Members of Congress, if you are a Republican Senator or a Republican Member of Congress who voted to gut the Affordable Care Act, there is time. There is a way to come back from that really bad decision. You can turn around and start working for the betterment of this country by trying to fix the Affordable Care Act. The American public will look kindly upon those legislators who are here to work in a bipartisan manner to, again, lower costs, lower premiums, and provide more coverage and better healthcare outcomes. There is time to do this. But there is not time for more opportunities to gut this, for more time to kick people off Medicaid, or for more time to create some kind of situation that is only go to raise premiums. If we allow Trump to actually, in his words, make the whole thing fail, it is not ObamaCare that fails, it is not the Affordable Care Act that fails—it is the American people that fail. He is playing a game with the lives of the American people. What he is going to do is he is going to cause millions of people to either lose their insurance because insurance companies are going to have to start shedding people, or premiums are going to end up going up because, if he creates instability in the market, these insurance companies are going to try to recoup their costs somehow, and it is going to discourage younger individuals from actually coming on and buying into the ObamaCare insurance pool, which, again, will raise premiums. This is unnecessary. Mr. Speaker, for those Members of Congress and those Senators who want to work with us, the first step is to encourage and stop the President from sabotaging the Affordable Care Act and to work diligently in a bipartisan manner to fix the Affordable Care Act and cover more people. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , July 28, 2017. 
MEGAN RONDINI The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk today about a person, a person that I never got to meet, but this is her story, and this is her story from her point of view and the information that I have received from people who knew her, including her parents, her aunt, and some of her friends. And, like I said, I don’t know the real facts of this case. I am just giving you my opinion, and I am here today to tell Megan Rondini’s story, because she can’t tell her case, Mr. Speaker. I am cochair of the Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ), my friend. I was a former prosecutor in Houston, Texas, for 8 years. I tried felony cases. And then I was a criminal court judge for 22 years, seeing all kinds of violations of the law. I mention that because that is the background from which I speak. Over that time, I knew a lot of victims of crime. Too many victims of crime worked their way through the courthouse. I am going to talk about another one today: Megan Rondini. b1330 She was 19 or 20 when she was a student at the University of Alabama, and on July 1, 2015, Megan and some of her friends, sorority friends, went to a nearby bar, as we would term it in the old days, where a lot of students in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, went for meeting other folks and hanging out. She came in contact with an individual whose name was Terry Jackson Bunn, Jr. His nickname was Sweet T. Sweet T—being from the South, you can understand somebody being called that, Mr. Speaker. He was a patron of this establishment. He was older. He was in his early thirties. Megan was approximately 20. He invited her to go over to his house, to look at his house, because he and his family live in a big mansion in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. She agreed to go. He went with another individual that he knew, and they went over to his house. They go upstairs, and here is where the problem and the crime apparently started. He takes her into his bedroom. She says: This is not a good idea. She may have been intoxicated, but apparently later during that evening, she is drugged or under the influence of drugs and really was not coherent during this time, according to her, later. He sexually assaulted her. She did not consent. She did not consent. And she, from that day on, told everybody who talked to her about this case she did not consent. He had sexual intercourse with her. He falls asleep on the bed. She gets up. She tries to get out of this upstairs room. There is a dead bolt on the door, apparently. She couldn’t get out. She couldn’t figure out how to get out, so she climbs out the second story window in the middle of the night and jumps from the secondstory window to a trash can on the ground. She doesn’t have her keys. She didn’t know where they are. So his car is parked there, a Mercedes, sleek Mercedes, which he picked her up in earlier. She gets in the car, looks for her keys. She doesn’t have any money, so she takes money out of the vehicle to call a cab, to pay for the cab so she could get away, and the cab later shows up. During this time, she is texting her friends, asking for them to come get her. The text messages maybe didn’t make a whole lot of sense because of the condition that she is in. She eventually gets to the hospital, the place where sexual assault victims usually go first to get medical attention. She goes to the hospital there in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and while there, she told her story, even though she was somewhat still under the influence of drugs, probably. And while there, a Women and Gender Resource Center advocate shows up at the hospital. The hospital people take what we call in the vernacular in law enforcement, as you used to be, a rape kit. It is called a sexual assault kit now. They take that sexual assault kit and they perform that examination, but they didn’t take any blood and they didn’t take any urine and they didn’t test Megan for whether she was under the influence of drugs. They did the sexual assault kit. Along the route, the sexual assault kit gets to the sheriff’s department, and we don’t know what happened to it after that. It was never tested. As far as I know, it hasn’t been tested yet. They don’t know where it is. Maybe the sheriff’s department has it, maybe they don’t, but that sexual assault kit, like I said, was never tested. So after she is there, or while she is there, the police, the sheriff’s department show up and they question her briefly. It appears that these two homicide detectives heard her story, and they didn’t take any notes about it. They just listened to her story. What transpired there maybe was not a lot of information given to the police, except she told her story. She told the police she didn’t consent, that she may be under the influence of drugs, drug induced rape, and they left. The next morning, Megan, staying up all this time, the police, either at the first or the second interview, wanted to know why she didn’t physically resist, why she didn’t fight back this older man. And she was under the influence of drugs. Under most laws in most States, she couldn’t physically fight back, and that is the lack of consent. She didn’t give consent. And it is still sexual assault, but apparently not so to the sheriff’s department in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. She didn’t fight back. Now, I am older than you are, Mr. Speaker, but I remember the days of these old, archaic rape laws where, in many States, the victim had to fight almost until death. The statutory limitation on sexual assault or rape was 1 year. That is when the victim only had a year to have that case indicted. And there are some other things about the old law that we both know, but I will get to that, hopefully, later. But it was obvious to her, either at the first interview and at least the second interview, the sheriff’s department did not believe her. When she told them who the alleged perpetrator was, Sweet T Bunn, they seemed to back off the prosecution. Sweet T Bunn comes from a family in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, wellknown, prominent citizens. The Bunn folks run a construction company, probably built every road in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Everybody knew who they were. And they backed off, according to her, of the investigation, still not taking, apparently, any real notes. On the second interview later that morning with the police, the police started accusing her of committing a crime. So the victim no longer is the victim, but becomes the accused, the defendant, about the money that she took from Bunn’s car so she could get a cab to flee the perpetrator. The police interviewed TJ Bunn. He first denied she was ever at his mansion, and then later he changed his story, as accused individuals tend to do, and then said it was consent, that she consented to everything and that this is not a criminal case. And the police further backed off and then later said to Megan: We think we are going to prosecute you for theft of that money to get home and get away from the offender unless you drop the charges, the accusations against Sweet T. Mr. Speaker, we need, as a community, to understand and put ourselves in the place of this girl who is alone. And I believe, all through that night, she made the best decisions she could to get help, and everywhere she turned, people turned her down. Now, I don’t know what most victims would do in this case, but she didn’t know what to do. She called her mom in Austin, Texas. Mom quickly gets in her car and starts driving to Alabama, as mothers do, wanting to know how she should handle this particular situation: she is becoming the accused. And that is the trump card that the police put on her: You back off the prosecution, and we won’t prosecute you for theft and maybe other crimes that you committed. So Megan left, not knowing what to do. 
So the sheriff’s department doesn’t believe her, doesn’t want to believe her, and takes the alleged perpetrator and makes him the victim and makes her the accused individual. So the sheriff’s department has the rape kit— never tested. The sheriff’s department is accusing the victim of committing a crime. So she seeks relief from the University of Alabama. She goes there and she talks to a lady who was a counselor for students at the University of Alabama, a female, and tells her the whole story again: No consent; I was sexually assaulted. After the story is told to the counselor, the counselor apparently says: I can’t help you. I know the Bunn family. I have a relative that works for Bunn Construction. I cannot help you, and I am backing off and recusing myself of this case—the counselor. What does Megan do? Well, the university gives her another counselor, who I wouldn’t say is a real counselor. It is a graduate assistant. And the graduate assistant talks to Megan and says: ‘‘I can’t talk to you until you take medication for your anxiety.’’ Well, no kidding she has anxiety because of what has happened to her over these several hours. And that was the last we heard of the University of Alabama physical therapist. She backs off because she has anxiety. The district attorney, eventually, about 3 weeks later, said: We are not prosecuting this case. No case, no sexual assault, believes the sheriff’s department, believes it is consent, and they are not prosecuting the case. Later, it turns out, Mr. Speaker, and I don’t know if this influenced these people’s decisions or not, but we learn that the defendant’s family, the construction company, gave financial contributions to the sheriff’s department, to the district attorney’s office campaign, and to the University of Alabama, where they apparently are big contributors. I don’t know if that influenced all of this or not, but you can take it for what you want. But anyway, they backed off the case. Megan, because it is the summer break, leaves and goes back home to Texas. She wants to get away from the University of Alabama because she had seen the defendant on campus. He is not a student there. She had told the people on the campus: I am very worried about me because of this person being on campus. She leaves the university, asking the title IX folks to help her transfer her university education from the University of Alabama to SMU, and she leaves. Apparently, she did not get cooperation, according to her, for a couple of months from the title IX folks, which is another issue that I am not going to go into, and enrolls in the university at SMU, needing a letter from Alabama to get into another university, as all kids need to have nowadays. She is at SMU. She seeks medical help in Texas. The doctor told her that the findings were apparently posttraumatic stress, anxiety, depression, all from this criminal case that happened against her, always telling folks she didn’t consent. She never changed her rendition of the case. She wasn’t doing very well. She saw a counselor at SMU and wanted help with depression when she is filling out her medical history form that goes to the university at SMU in Dallas, Texas. b1345 She said she had mental issues. She said that she had bad thoughts about living. And then later, on February 26, 2016, with that form laying next to her, Megan committed suicide. She took her life. Why? My opinion, because she never got any help. She couldn’t get help from the hospital because of the urine test; no drug test, no blood test; the rape kit never analyzed by the police department, sheriff’s department; the sheriff’s department didn’t believe her? Like I said, in my opinion, they didn’t want to believe her. The university didn’t help her. They gave her a graduate assistant to try to help her with her mental case, told her to get on medication. Mr. Speaker, Megan did everything that she should have done under those situations. It is easy for society, in cases like this, to always say to victims of crime, especially rape cases: You should have done this; you shouldn’t have done that. And there is a lot of secondguessing going on in this case by a lot of people. But, as a prosecutor, former judge, I think she did the best she could to get help, and she got no help. When people are desperate, when they feel like nobody cares, that nobody is going to help them, in a sexual assault case, where—to me, that is one of the worst crimes that can be committed against a person—they are desperate, and she didn’t think life was worth living because of this case. Over the years, I have learned a lot from sexual assault victims, and one thing that they all want is validation. They want validation from us—community, society, government—that that act they said happened to them did happen. That is what they want. Sometimes they want that more than prosecution or apprehension of the offender, is validation that we believe them. She didn’t get that validation, except for her family, and so she took her own life. What a tragedy. So that is why I am here today. Megan can’t talk about what happened to her, but we can. We, as Members of Congress, are really in the people business, and that is why I am in Congress. I know that is why you are in Congress. So what are we going to do about this? What has happened in the interim? Well, at the hospital, because of the failures—no drug testing, no urine testing, the loss of the sexual assault kit, rape kit, or not being analyzed—myself, CAROLYN MALONEY , Democrat from New York, and also, TERRI SEWELL , who represents this area in Alabama, have filed the Megan Rondini Act on her behalf. Now, what does that do? So this legislation will require hospitals in our country, wherever they are, to have a SAFE at that hospital. What is a SAFE? It is a Sexual Assault Forensic Examiner. Some hospitals do, some don’t; but this law will require you have one at your hospital 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or be able to take a sexual assault victim to one place close by that has this type of examiner. It is a special recognition for people in the sexual assault business, whether they are a nurse or whether they are a doctor, and we filed that legislation. Maybe that would have helped in this case where the sexual assault examiner would have finished the examination, made sure that the testing was done, or had some examiner near this hospital. So we filed this. It is called the Megan Rondini Act. That is one of the pieces of legislation we filed. I want to talk about the law enforcement agency. Now, you know as much about law enforcement as anybody in Congress, but let me tell you the way I see this. They never tested the sexual assault kit, the rape kit, the urine sample. They questioned her because why didn’t she resist? Why didn’t she fight back? When a person is druginduced in a sexual assault, they can’t fight back. They certainly can’t consent, but that is what they were asking her, even though that didn’t apply in this case. She couldn’t fight back. She didn’t fight back because of what happened to her when she was drugged or under the influence of something. And then they accused her of being a criminal. Rather than examining her case and finishing her case, they went on to take the defendant’s position, say they believed him, even though he gave contradictory stories later in this investigation. We have a piece of legislation that has already been filed to deal with sexual assault kits, and I have introduced legislation today to reauthorize SAFER. SAFER is a piece of legislation Congress needs to reauthorize to have rape kits throughout the country examined. There are thousands of sexual assault cases sitting on the shelves, sitting in warehouses; some have been destroyed they are so old, where law enforcement, government, has not analyzed those sexual assault rape kits. There are a lot of excuses made— there is not money, all of those things. They need to be examined in all criminal cases. SAFER provides funding to do that so that the backlogged evidence gets tested and so that it convicts the guilty and clears the innocent. That is the second piece of legislation that we have filed. 
The district attorney’s office, after Megan committed suicide, after they had refused to do anything about the case, almost a year later, they took the case to a grand jury, and it was not indicted. It was nobilled. Now, I have presented cases to the grand jury. I am sure you have testified before grand juries. Unfortunately, some district attorneys, I am not saying all, or even most—the grand jury does the will of the district attorney. If the district attorney encourages an indictment, that person is indicted. If they encourage and recommend a no bill, not indicted, grand juries will do that. Some prosecutors don’t offer advice. They let the grand jury make that decision because that is their decision. I don’t know if that happened in this case or not. But they did decide to present the case to a grand jury, and it was not indicted. She was not indicted, or the defendant was not indicted. Of course, nothing could happen to her. She has already taken her own life. The university made some mistakes, in my opinion. The school victim advocate abandoned her at the hospital where she was. On campus, the counselor, even though hearing the case, full story, at the end—this is interesting—at the end, decided to recuse herself because she knew the Bunn family. She knew the Bunn family when this interview started. Why didn’t she recuse herself before the victim tells the story again to another person, to another stranger? Interesting turn of events. Graduate assistant, in my opinion, didn’t have any qualifications to order that she get medical treatment before she comes back to talk to the folks at the hospital. We have filed a resolution, it is a sense of Congress resolution, Mr. Speaker, calling on all universities to employ a fulltime victim advocate on campus who deals with sexual assault victims, have that expertise. And it is an expertise. A victim advocate needs to be specified to be a sexual assault victim advocate, because, you can talk about a victim advocate, that could be somebody talking about a theft case or something, but you need a sexual assault victim advocate on campus, no matter what university this happens to be. It is a sense of Congress. It is a resolution that has been filed today. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have left? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 34 minutes remaining. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me—this is Megan Rondini. This is the way she looked when she was a student. We have heard a lot about her, as we should. But now I want to talk about the family of the alleged perpetrator, Sweet T, and the Bunn family. Well known business in the community. Good for them. Business is doing well. They give money to the university. As I mentioned, apparently they give money to the campaigns of the sheriff and the district attorney, and they make other contributions throughout the Tuscaloosa region. Apparently, everybody knows them. They are so concerned about this case that this is a fullpage ad taken out of one of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, newspapers this week defending their honor, as we would say in the South. And it goes into quite a bit of detail. What it does is attack the victim of this crime. It almost justifies the defendant’s, the accused’s, position. All through this ad, they talk about a lot of things. I want to read you just part of it. Here’s just one paragraph talking about their three generations of civic involvement in Tuscaloosa, Alabama: 
We support education. We support law enforcement. We support our hospital and civic. We are generous, and now we are condemned as if it is a conspiracy. The Bunn family, for more than 70 years, have given their time, energy, and resources to make our community a better place to live. Now, according to some journalists, every act of charity and good citizenship was nothing more than a large standing conspiracy. If no deed goes unpunished then why should anyone invest in our community to take the risk of being a good citizen? 
They are defending their honor. They are defending Sweet T. And all through this ad, taken out this week, they never mention sympathy or compassion or sadness for the death of the victim in this crime. That seems very strange to me. Regardless of guilt or innocence, we know that a person took their life because of what happened. I find that very strange. They seem to protest too much—full page ad in a local newspaper. The parents of Megan, Mike and Cindy Rondini, they are just folks who live in Austin, Texas. Robin, the aunt, she is a constituent of mine in Houston. And just listening to them talk, there sure is a different side of the story about compassion than what we hear from the Bunn folks. Mr. Speaker, I will try to sum this up. I appreciate your patience. I mentioned I have known a lot of sexual assault victims. Years ago, before you were born, I was prosecuting in Houston, Texas. b1400 I am going to change the name of the victim in this case because of concerns about privacy for her family. Lisa was a student at the University of Houston, working a second job. She leaves school one evening at about 9 o’clock p.m. or so. She is driving north on one of our interstates—or freeways, as we call them. She has car trouble. She pulls off the freeway, goes to a service station she thought was open. It was not open. An individual comes up to her, has a pistol—Luke, we will call him—kidnaps her, sexually assaults her, and abandons her. She is later found in a very traumatic emotional state somewhere in the area. The police are called. They figure out who the perpetrator was, they go out and arrest him, investigate the case. One thing I want to mention that happens in most cases that didn’t happen in Megan’s case, the police didn’t talk to any witnesses. They didn’t talk to the witnesses at the bar. They didn’t talk to any of Megan’s friends. They didn’t talk to anybody. They just talked to the alleged perpetrator and to Megan. No investigation. Anyway, the investigation is done, Luke is captured. It turns out he is an excon for sexual assault—rape, as we called it in those days. Lisa convinced herself that she would testify. She comes to the courthouse. I prosecuted the case. She went through every detail. And you remember, Mr. Speaker, years ago, before the law started having justice in it, sexual assault victims had to tell their whole sexual life before strangers. Of course the defendant, you never could go into the sexual life of the defendant, but the defense could always go into it on a victim. She goes through the trial. Twelve rightthinking folks on a jury convicted the offender. That same jury gave him 99 years in the penitentiary of Texas, what he earned, what he deserved. We would hope that life would go on, that justice is done, and that everybody is satisfied that justice is done. But that doesn’t always work. Lisa lost her job, dropped out of school, started abusing alcohol, drugs, a lot of stuff. She married, had two kids. Her husband, being the kind of guy he was, apparently decided to leave her and took the two kids and went somewhere else. It wasn’t long after that I got a call from Lisa’s mom telling me that she had taken her own life and left a note saying: ‘‘I am tired of running from Luke in my nightmares.’’ Another victim years ago, and I give her example only because we need to understand that this is one of the worst things that can happen to a person. One other case. I prosecuted a case where a guy was charged with sexually assaulting an elderly woman. She came to the courthouse to testify. Sadie. I will use her first name. She was dressed in a dark gray suit, long skirt, doublebreasted coat. She had on a dark gray hat and a little veil over her face. She took the witness stand. I asked her: What happened when this perpetrator that you have identified came into your house? She said: He committed an act worse than death. I asked: What do you mean? What did he do? Did he assault you? What did he do? She said: He committed an act worse than death. Finally, she testified to the legal requirement of penetration. To some sexual assault victims, rape is a fate worse than death. To Megan, 
she got the death penalty for being a sexual assault victim. She couldn’t quite handle it. Why? Because no one was there to make sure that she did handle it. Mr. Speaker, sexual assault predators—and that is what they are. You can call it rape, you can call it sexual assault, you can call it a fate worse than death—sometimes steal the soul of the victim. That is the way the victims feel. Everything that was important to them is gone because of the perpetrator. I think the best evidence, unfortunately, that Megan, in my opinion, was telling the truth throughout all of this was that she took her life. That is what makes this case so sad. Sexual assault or rape, Mr. Speaker, is never the fault of the victim. Never. Never. And some folks want to look at this and say: Megan, you should have done this, you should have done that, you shouldn’t have gone with him, you shouldn’t have been drunk, you shouldn’t have allowed him to get you intoxicated on drugs, whatever. I think most of them do the best they can in trying to get justice. She went to the hospital and was denied help. The sheriff’s department, in her opinion, denied help. In fact, they accused her of being the perpetrator. They didn’t investigate, they didn’t talk to witnesses. She goes to a university that gets Federal funds trying to get help and was denied. Denied. Denied. Denied. She leaves, she goes back to Texas, tries to enroll in another university, and before all that is completed, she takes her life. I hope we can understand not just this case and not just Megan, but we can understand the plight and the awful things that happen to some of our young women in our country. The same Constitution that protects defendants of crime, protects victims of crime. They are entitled to equal protection under the law. I am talking about victims of crime. If we understand that principle, we will understand justice. We will understand what we are all about; that we are in the people business. In this House of Representatives on this late Friday afternoon, we need to understand that. Justice means different things to different folks. But justice must be balanced between the rights of the accused and the rights of the victim so that we do the right thing for the right reason in every case. Mr. Speaker, you know this in doing investigations in your capacity before, and I want to reiterate this. Sometimes victims just never get over it. They just never do. We should be there with them. I am talking about the community should be there with them and at least hear them out and make a rational and just decision, regardless of who the offender is: poor, rich, famous, somebody in the community, big contributor, whatever; and no matter who the victim is, same background: poor, rich, famous. That should go away in determining justice. Otherwise, we don’t have justice for all. We only have justice for a few. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time, I appreciate the patience of the House of Representatives when I wanted to talk today about Megan Rondini. This case bothers me as a father of four kids, three of them girls; twelve grandchildren, eight of them girls. It bothers me as a Member of the House of Representatives and as a former person who worked at the courthouse for over 30 years. I hope it bothers the House of Representatives so we move forward with trying to get help for folks like this, that we pass legislation that requires a safe officer at hospitals, that we pass legislation as a House resolution that it is a sense of Congress that all universities have on campus a sexual assault victim’s advocate or coordinator, as the law says. I thank CAROLYN MALONEY from New York and TERRI SEWELL from Alabama, who represents this area, for cosponsoring this bill. I ask the leadership to move this legislation forward. But let’s not forget about Megan’s family and Megan’s case and the thing that happened to her that just can’t happen anymore. Justice can be served, it shall be served, because justice is what we do, Mr. Speaker. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I would ask how much time is left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 17 minutes remaining. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF EMIL OGDEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for Texas sharing the story about Megan with this Chamber, and I look forward to supporting him in his efforts to try to keep these things from happening again in the future. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Emil Ogden of College Station, Texas, who passed away on July 25, 2017. Emil Ogden was born on September 15, 1927, in Blackwell, Oklahoma. He was raised by his loving mother, Mary Ogden, in Bowling Green, Missouri. Growing up during the worst of the Great Depression, Emil experienced poverty firsthand and lived in a one room house. To provide for her son, Emil’s mother worked as a maid at his grandfather’s hotel for $2 a week. To help the family, Emil worked any odd job he could find. During this time, an act of kindness from a member of the local Rotary Club would change his life. Emil was enamored with baseball and would often visit the local hardware store owned by Rotary Club member Ed Dunlap. Ed noticed that Emil loved baseball but could not afford the equipment. He sent a bat, a glove, and a ball to Emil. The care that Ed and the Rotary members showed to Emil put his life on a better course. Emil valued their support, once stating: ‘‘I could have been very rebellious as a child. Things like poverty can make you grow up with some resentment. But all of a sudden, I had a whole town of surrogate fathers, and they cared about me. It motivated me to be a better example as a young man. The leaders of the community who we respected were all members of the Rotary, and I didn’t want to disappoint them after they had taken an interest in me.’’ In 1945, Emil joined the U.S. Army Air Corps and was assigned to the 503rd Army Air Forces Base Unit, better known as the Brass Hat Squadron. The Brass Hat Squadron was a group of esteemed Army pilots whose job it was to fly highprofile persons around the world to significant events. Based out of Washington National Airport, the squadron flew senior government officials, including senators and congressmen, U.S. and foreign dignitaries and, military leaders, among others. Personally, Emil flew dignitaries to events such as the Nuremberg war trials, the atomic bomb tests on Bikini Atoll, and the national independence celebration in the Philippines. Due to his service in the military, Emil had visited more than 30 countries before his 20th birthday. In 1947, Emil married his high school sweetheart and the love of his life, Clementine Lindeman. b1415 Clementine was the center of Emil’s life for over 69 years. Her support and encouragement always kept Emil grounded. Their love and commitment to each other, their Catholic faith, and the values upon which they built their lives, endured until his death. Together they had six children, whom they both loved dearly. At the time of his passing, their legacy included 22 grandchildren, and 12 greatgrandchildren. After his service in World War II, Emil went on to play professional baseball in the minor leagues, playing for both the Brooklyn Dodgers’ and the Baltimore Orioles’ organizations. His career lasted from 1949 to 1953. His baseball career took place in west Texas, first for the Midland Indians and then for the Odessa Oilers. During his playing days, Emil met several baseball legends, including Jackie Robinson. Emil’s baseball career came to a close when Clementine gave him an ultimatum: either stay married or keep playing baseball. Emil was a wise man, and he chose to focus on marriage. 
Emil began college at Texas A&M University as part of the class of 1953. In the 1980s, he finished a degree in philosophy while he was in his sixties. Upon finishing his degree later in life, Emil said: ‘‘Too many of us grow older and we sit back and say, ‘Well, I’ve lived my life. There’s nothing else to do. I’ll try to live on my past experiences and past knowledge and hope that I survive with some dignity.’ I think that person has already partially died.’’ Emil’s love for learning and his intellectual curiosity would continue through the end of his life. In 1953, Emil returned to Abilene, Texas, to begin his career in the oil industry. While starting his career, he worked odd jobs to help make ends meet for his growing family. One of those odd jobs was playing the trumpet in local dance bands on the weekends. In 1973, his independent oil and gas operations hit it big when the properties he was leasing dramatically increased in value, creating the nucleus of Emil’s business success. The oil and gas business eventually brought Emil back to College Station in 1979, where he would be instrumental in developing the successful Bryan Woodbine Oil Field in the 1980s. Passionate about educating youth, Emil helped found the OgdenChaparral Entertainment Company, where he produced an educational children’s television show called ‘‘ImagineLane’’ in the 1990s. The first show aired on KAMUTV in the Brazos Valley and was eventually shown on stations all across the United States. Even with all of his business accomplishments, Emil will best be remembered for his philanthropic efforts in the Brazos Valley. His upbringing in poverty and struggles during early life are something Emil never forgot, and it made him empathize with those in need. He served on the board of directors for the local Boys & Girls Club, in multiple positions for the Knights of Columbus, as chairman of the Arrow Moon District of the Boy Scouts of America, and he was also a member of the Bryan Rotary Club. A lifelong conservative, Emil also gave to many conservative causes, including donating the seed money to the 40 Days for Life campaign, which began at College Station and advocated for prolife causes around the world today. He also sponsors three Habitat for Humanity homes, saying that it was ‘‘my way of giving thanks.’’ Mr. Speaker, Emil Ogden worked tirelessly for the Brazos Valley. He is loved in BryanCollege Station and certainly left an enduring impression on our community. He will be forever remembered as a great philanthropist, humanitarian, businessman, husband, father, grandfather, greatgrandfather, prolife champion, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Ogden family. We also lift up the family and friends of Emil Ogden in our prayers. I have requested that the United States flag be flown over the Nation’s Capitol today to honor the life and legacy of Emil Ogden. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us from threats here at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES LOUIS MAXWELL, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 30 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the life of the late James Louis Maxwell, Jr., a gentleman from a small eastern North Carolina county, whose innovative mind and entrepreneurial spirit helped grow his grandfather’s local milling company into a thriving international agribusiness. Louis Maxwell’s story is certainly one of commercial and financial success, but it is, more importantly, Mr. Speaker, about a life devoted to family and community. On January 9, 1927, in Wayne County, North Carolina, James Louis Maxwell and his wife, Ruth Herring, welcomed the birth of a son, Louis, Jr. He was an active youngster and became involved in Boy Scouts, proudly earning his Eagle Scout badge. He would later say that scouting had a transformational impact on him, and he remained actively involved with the Scouts throughout his life. Louis’ grandfather, Hugh Maxwell, founded Goldsboro Milling Company in 1916, a family business, which is honored, Mr. Speaker, to celebrate 101 years of business this year. The company began with the production of various feeds for farm animals, along with milling cornmeal and making grits. Young Louis, a graduate of Goldsboro High School, attended Davidson College, but left to serve his country during World War II. After completing his Naval service, Louis enrolled in UNC Chapel Hill, graduating in 1950 with a degree in commerce. Proud of, and loyal to his deep roots in eastern North Carolina, he returned home to Goldsboro and immediately began working in the family business, and he rose quickly through the ranks. Louis was always looking at ways to expand the family business, and he began the company’s efforts in raising turkeys, hoping that eastern North Carolina would be favorable to growing those large birds. Turkey production grew rapidly, and today, Mr. Speaker, Louis’ vision and hard work have helped his company become the largest producer and processor of turkeys in the world, having acquired Butterball Company some years ago. Continuing to grow agribusiness across the United States, Louis expanded his family’s ventures, becoming a major swine producer, along with timber and blueberry farming. His visionary acumen has now carried through five generations of the Maxwell family and shows no signs of slowing down. Yet, despite all of the many achievements of this good man—and I have really not even touched the surface of those achievements—he is truly a humble person. To Louis Maxwell, helping folks in his communities, by providing good jobs and many opportunities, was one of the most honorable things he thought a man could do to serve his fellow man. He expected much from himself and from those he employed, and he was pleased to reward loyalty and hard work. His outlet, when he wasn’t working hard, what he liked to do was spend his time outdoors. Louis was the ultimate outdoorsman. If it wasn’t hunting season, it was fishing season. His children were right there with him, and they say that he was still out in the boat fishing even in his later years. They always stuck to one rule, though, which was: he had to clean the fish that he caught. Louis was a born and bred Methodist and was a lifelong member of St. Paul’s Methodist Church in Goldsboro. No matter where he was, Mr. Speaker, he never met a stranger, never walked past someone without saying hello, and he was a proud American. He loved his flag, and he loved his country. But most importantly, he spent more than 60 years married to the love of his life, Mary Ann Jeffreys, until she passed in 2014. Together, they had four children, eight grandchildren, and now a greatgrandchild. Louis was very proud of his family, as they were of him. He cherished his role as a husband, father, and grandfather. In his lifetime, Louis Maxwell enriched countless lives in ways too many to express. He will truly be missed. He was a friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JULY 28, 2017, TO TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 2017 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Tuesday next. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
IMPORTANT ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has been a deeply troubling last 12 hours— 
24 hours, I guess. The House went about trying to repeal the—and it is just tough to say—Affordable Care Act because of the thousands of people we have heard from in my district in the last 7 years who have just been devastated by the costs that skyrocketed, the premiums that skyrocketed, the deductibles that skyrocketed, the critically important doctor or medicine or facility that President Obama promised they could keep that was taken away by ObamaCare. It is just hard to call it the Affordable Care Act because it has cost some people everything. But every Republican had promised we would repeal ObamaCare. It is possible SUSAN COLLINS in the Senate may not have. She didn’t vote for the repeal in the last Congress, but it is my understanding that virtually everybody had promised: If you will elect me, or reelect me, I will vote for repeal. I have literally prayed for Senator JOHNMCCAINwith the cancer that they found out has overtaken him, and I do hope and pray for a speedy, full recovery. But I do recall, vividly, that election in Arizona, and apparently he was extremely concerned about getting reelected. There was hardcharging opposition in the Republican primary, more than one primary opponent, and as I recall, there were repeated promises that the Senator, if the good people of Arizona would just reelect him, give him another 6 years, he would be working tirelessly, he would be working so hard to repeal ObamaCare. And I did go down to the Senate Chamber this week a couple of days ago. I went down because I thought it would be historic, potentially, to have the Senate vote to proceed to debate on what we hoped would be an actual repeal of ObamaCare. It turns out they called it a skinny bill, or a skinny repeal. It wasn’t much of a repeal at all. In fact, I guess there is a decent chance, if that had passed and become law, it may have very well ensured the total collapse of private insurance and, ultimately, the desire of those who pushed through ObamaCare. We would ultimately end up with socialized medicine, rationed care. I am not a fan of the term ‘‘single payer’’ because it masks what we are really talking about. We are talking about government takeover of healthcare. And as we have watched the little precious child, Charlie Gard’s parents going through absolute hell, there have been so many questions: Whether you agree or disagree, should he be allowed to have further surgery? Should he have been allowed to have a procedure that might have saved his life? It ends up going to court, and because of the laws in England with their socialized medicine, the government gets to choose who can have potentially lifesaving procedures, what life enhancing procedures, and who can’t. That is the nature of socialized medicine. b1430 During my summer in the former Soviet Union, back when I was in college as an exchange student over there, I didn’t just have tours, I saw the way people were treated in the socialized medicine of the Soviet Union. I have heard even some of my dear friends and colleagues here in the House say: We know socialized medicine always fails. Actually, that is something I don’t know. What I know and what I believe is socialized medicine never actually fails. Now, socialism will always fail. It always has. Even going back to the New Testament church when the Apostle Paul tried this beautiful, wonderful concept: bringing all into the common storehouse, sharing and sharing alike. Well, eventually he realized that is going to work in Heaven just beautifully, but it sure doesn’t work on Earth. So here is a new rule: if you don’t work, you don’t eat. Why? Because in this beautiful, incredible world where people are human, they are imperfect. Everyone has done wrong at some point and fallen short of the glory of God—every one of us. Nobody is perfect. So you can’t have a perfect system that does anything but become a totalitarian government. It has to become totalitarian in order to force people to bring into the common storehouse. When you do that, you eliminate the incentives that have proved over recorded history to be the least effective. If you don’t have incentives, it is ineffective. People don’t work the hardest. Mr. Speaker, I have mentioned before—because there was a great example during that summer in the Soviet Union at a collective farm 30 miles or so outside of Kiev—there were thousands and thousands of acres, but I could not tell the difference between the cultivated areas and the noncultivated areas. I’ve worked on farms and ranches. This was in the middle of July. We are at about the same latitude in east Texas. You want to get out there as close to sunup as you can because it gets so hot by midafternoon you want to be finishing up by midafternoon. Here it was the middle of the morning, and most of the farmers were out there in the middle of the village area there in the shade. Back in Mount Pleasant growing up, some of the older gentlemen had a spit and whittle club. That reminded me of that, the old guys just sitting around talking—young and old. So I tried to use my best Russian and asked: When do you work out in the field? Obviously, these guys hadn’t worked up a sweat all morning. I was trying to be pleasant. When do you work out in the field? They all laughed. So I thought maybe I didn’t say it right. But one of them then responded in Russian: I make the same number of rubles if I am out there in the sun or I am here in the shade, so I am here in the shade. Obviously, I have not forgotten this. It is such a great example of why socialism never works because there is no incentive to work. Oh, yes, you can punish people. But that doesn’t provide nearly the incentive as the Pilgrims found, their beautiful Compact: bring into the common storehouse, share and share alike. After they lost so many people that first harsh winter, they tried something called private property—you got to keep what you produced. Wow, did it work out well. It has worked out well over the years even to the present time, although this government has continued to buy and take over more and more land and move in the direction of being socialistic. But our medicine has not been really socialistic. It has been taken over more and more by government and the insurance companies. Why in the world did the insurance companies support ObamaCare, the ACA, in the past? Because they were so shortsighted. I think they and the big pharmaceutical companies knew that eventually by signing onto ObamaCare they were signing their own death warrants. Not immediately. Those executives that got involved would be able to take their golden parachutes and their millions and millions of dollars in distribution. But, ultimately, we would become a socialized medicine country. You would see mortality rates begin to go up where people didn’t live as long. People would not get the knee, hip, and the back surgeries and hearing aids. The government ends up deciding who is worthy and who is not. So America voted the Democrats out of majorities in the House and Senate mainly because they pushed through ObamaCare. The huge majority of Americans were satisfied with their health insurance, their health insurance plans, and their healthcare. There is a big difference. Those terms, health insurance and healthcare, have been skewed. There is a big difference. We have got to get back to a place where patients and doctors have a relationship unencumbered and without being separated by insurance companies and the government. But if we don’t repeal ObamaCare, we will move to total government control and Charlie Gard’s situation where the government says: You can have a lifesaving procedure, but you cannot. That day has already come, and it is going to be a common occurrence if we don’t keep our promise and repeal ObamaCare. I was down there when they voted to proceed to debate. But, honest to goodness, even though I have been here 12 years and think nothing shocks me, I couldn’t believe that so many people who promised over and over and over again ‘‘we will repeal ObamaCare, we will end ObamaCare, we will get you back in control of your healthcare, we will get you back affordable healthcare’’ couldn’t vote even for the skinny bill. 
It hardly did much of anything to ObamaCare, even a little bit. It is the first time I am aware of in the history of the United States Congress where one body contacted the other body—the Senate, in this case, contacted the Republicans in the House—and said: Please, we think we can pass our bill in the Senate, but you have got to promise us you won’t pass it in the House. We will go to conference. Please promise us you won’t pass it in the House. We have a chance to pass it in the Senate. What kind of governance is that? I think it is a good thing to take a break from being here in session where we talk to ourselves too much. I think that is a problem here on both ends of the House. I am proud of some of the things we have done here in the House. We have made some progress. We need to make a lot more. We need to pass the tax reform. I want to see the corporate tax get down to 15 percent so those hundreds of thousands of millions of jobs that went to China can come back to the United States. Why? Because we undercut the income tax that China charges to corporations. What is a corporate tax? It is an insidious fee that citizens have to pay where the government makes them think they are not paying it—oh, it is the evil corporation paying it. No. It is every customer pays for the corporate tax. If you reduce that tax, then we become competitive around the world in things that we are not competitive, and jobs come back here. As any historian can tell you, an international power that does not produce the things they need in a time of war will not remain an international power after the next war. When we lost production of steel, of rubber, and of tires—all these things that are critical in the time of war—it will encourage our enemies to take advantage of the fact that they provide the things we will need in a time of war. The only way you really effectively avoid war, as President Reagan made clear, is you become so strong nobody wants to fight you. Those are the small times of peace in world history either when someone is so strong they enslave everybody else or that one country is so strong that believes in freedom that they force the evil leaders in the world to stay at bay where people have peace. I want peace. I want a strong America. I want to keep our promises and have tax cuts. I feel pretty comfortable that we are going to do it in the House. I just hope and pray, Mr. Speaker, that those in the Senate who have made promises about repealing ObamaCare and cutting taxes will have the kind of August where God lays it on their hearts that it is not a good thing to lie to the American people or constituents, and that the best thing I can do for myself politically and for my country is to keep my promises. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3298. An act to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious lineof duty injuries, and for other purposes. H.R. 3364. An act to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Government of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea, and for other purposes. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 27, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3298. To authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious lineofduty injuries, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), consistent with the fourth clause in section 5 of Article I of the Constitution, and notwithstanding section 132 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, the House adjourned until Tuesday, August 1, 2017, at 11 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLTUIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 873. A bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–264). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. House Resolution 442. Resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to President Trump’s financial connections to Russia, certain illegal financial schemes, and related information; adversely (Rept. 115–265). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 95. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (Rept. 115–266). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3262. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–267). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2195. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for access of the Special Counsel to certain information, with amendments (Rept. 115– 268). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. House Resolution 437. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the President’s possession; adversely (Rept. 115–269). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. House Resolution 447. Resolution directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities relating to businesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump; adversely (Rept. 115–270). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. N EAL, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. LEVIN, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. KIND, Ms. M ATSUI, and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 3525. A bill to amend title V of the Social Security Act to reauthorize the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 3526. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to allow the use of the Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture Fund to finance United States border security measures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for himself, Mr. SARBANES , and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER ): H.R. 3527. A bill to prohibit the use of funds to return certain property and interests in property to the Government of the Russian Federation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself and Mr. MULLIN ): H.R. 3528. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require eprescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of prescription drugs that are controlled substances; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 3529. A bill to amend the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children to cover certain vitamins; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. COMER (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. PETERSON , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. GABBARD , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. BARR): H.R. 3530. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 3531. A bill to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act for purposes of making claims under such Act based on exposure to atmospheric nuclear testing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H.R. 3532. A bill to require the President to convert private businesses and investments in order to prevent conflicts of interest under Federal law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself and Mr. CURBELO of Florida): H.R. 3533. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to require the Secretary of Commerce to establish a coastal climate change adaptation preparedness and response program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. S MITH of Washington): H.R. 3534. A bill to make the Controlled Substances Act inapplicable with respect to marihuana in States that have legalized marijuana and have in effect a statewide regulatory regime to protect certain Federal interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAMALFA: H.R. 3535. A bill to restore Federal recognition to the Ruffey Rancheria of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 3536. A bill to require persons who undertake Federally funded research and development of drugs to enter into reasonable pricing agreements with the Secretary of Health and Human Services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 3537. A bill to reform our government, reduce the grip of special interest, and return our democracy to the American people by increasing transparency and oversight of our elections and government, reforming public financing for Presidential elections and providing for public financing for Congressional elections, and requiring States to conduct Congressional redistricting through independent commissions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 3538. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to create additional requirements for original and new creditors of mortgage loans in the case of a sale, transfer, or assignment of a mortgage loan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 3539. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to establish a procedure for the removal of a booking photograph from a consumer’s file, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mr. PALLONE ): H.R. 3540. A bill to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act to replace the current requirement for a biennial energy policy plan with a Quadrennial Energy Review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 3541. A bill to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 3542. A bill to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use of civilians as human shields, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STEWART (for himself and Mr. TIPTON ): H.R. 3543. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop a categorical exclusion for covered vegetative management activities carried out to establish or improve habitat for greater sagegrouse and mule deer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 3544. A bill to require the disclosure of beneficial ownership by a foreign person of aircraft registration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. RENACCI , and Mr. M ULLIN ): H.R. 3545. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Mr. POSEY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. NORMAN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. B RAT, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. D UNN, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. CRAWFORD ): H.R. 3546. A bill to prohibit universal service support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Lifeline program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. NOEM, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. F LORES): H.R. 3547. A bill to authorize the Secretary of State to establish a permanent residence in Jerusalem, Israel, for the United States Ambassador to Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. CARTER of Texas, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. CALVERT , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. OLSON , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. BABIN, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. LOUDERMILK ): 
H.R. 3548. A bill to make certain improvements to the security of the international borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, Natural Resources, Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 3549. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable credit with respect to any stillborn child of a taxpayer; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 3550. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to clarify that ASL students are English learners; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. REICHERT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. HURD, and Mr. G ARRETT ): H.R. 3551. A bill to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the CustomsTrade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CLEAVER (for himself and Mr. YODER ): H.R. 3552. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require that teachers, principals, counselors, and other school leaders receive youth suicide awareness and prevention training; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. PERLMUTTER ): H.R. 3553. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to increase the amount of compensation paid to chapter 7 bankruptcy trustees for services rendered; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. MOULTON , and Mr. M EEHAN ): H.R. 3554. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the automatic recertification of income for income driven repayment plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. Z ELDIN ): H.R. 3555. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide that the definition of a facility of an exchange does not apply to a line of business the purpose of which is not to effect or report a transaction on an exchange; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself and Ms. MOORE ): H.R. 3556. A bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to engage in credit risk transfer transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. DEFAZIO, and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): H.R. 3557. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the number of health care professionals employed by the Department of Veterans Affairs by improving the Department of Veterans Affairs Education Debt Reduction Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida): H.R. 3558. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain improvements relating to inspections of Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities and improving care for women; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 3559. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to support the access of marginalized youth to sexual health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 3560. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to give borrowers an option to extend the grace period prior to the beginning of the repayment period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. W ALDEN , Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. DUNN): H.R. 3561. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit appraisers approved by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make appraisals for purposes of chapter 37 of such title based on inspections performed by third parties; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. O’ROURKE , Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. DUNN): H.R. 3562. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Mr. GALLEGO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. CORREA ): H.R. 3563. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to recognize the service of veterans of the armed forces by providing a more navigable and accommodating pathway for veterans honorably discharged from the United States military to naturalize and seek citizenship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. EVANS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Ms. WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H.R. 3564. A bill to amend the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to authorize the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to revoke the security clearance of political appointees in the Executive Office of the President for national security purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mrs. BLACKBURN , and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 3565. A bill to achieve domestic energy independence by empowering States to control the exploration, development, and production of oil and gas on all available Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. EVANS , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 3566. A bill to strengthen resources to combat the heroin and opioid epidemic in rural communities across America; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself and Mr. TAKANO ): H.R. 3567. A bill to authorize the purchase of a small parcel of Natural Resources Conservation Service property in Riverside, California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself and Mr. SENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 3568. A bill to require manufacturers to disclose to consumers the presence of event data recorders, or ‘‘black boxes’’, on new automobiles, motorcycles, and autocycles, and to require manufacturers to provide the consumer with the option to enable and disable such devices on future automobiles, motorcycles, and autocycles; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. K EATING , Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. N EAL, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. COHEN , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H.R. 3569. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide death benefits for campus police officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. FLORES ): H.R. 3570. A bill to amend part A of title II of the Clean Air Act to exclude trailers and other vehicles that rely on a connection to a selfpropelled vehicle from the definition of a motor vehicle; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 3571. A bill to amend title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to require a plaintiff to provide a defendant with an opportunity to correct a violation of such title voluntarily before the plaintiff may commence a civil action, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. BASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. WILSON of Florida, and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 3572. A bill to carry out an income contingent repayment program for Federal Interest Free Education Loans for undergraduate students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. E VANS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. WILSON of Florida): H.R. 3573. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction allowed for student loan interest and the limitation based on income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 3574. A bill to amend the Department of Education Organization Act and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require publication of information relating to religious exemptions to the requirements of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. ROSS): H.R. 3575. A bill to provide standards for physical condition and management of housing receiving assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 3576. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to limit the authority of States and localities to regulate conduct, or impose penalties or taxes, in relation to rifles or shotguns; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COSTA (for himself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 3577. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to establish a competitive grant program to provide grants to States to carry out targeted employment and training projects; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 3578. A bill to permit the expungement of records of certain nonviolent criminal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. MOORE , and Mr. C OHEN ): H.R. 3579. A bill to make a supplemental appropriation for the Public Health Emergency Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 3580. A bill to promote State requirements for local educational agencies and public elementary and secondary schools relating to the prevention and treatment of concussions suffered by students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 3581. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude Federal Pell Grants from gross income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM, and Mr. R USH): H.R. 3582. A bill to prohibit the closure, consolidation, or elimination of offices of the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 3583. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow an abovetheline deduction for attorney fees and costs in connection with civil claim awards; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R OGERSof Kentucky, and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 3584. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain credits against tax related to empowerment zones; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and Mr. GOHMERT ): H.R. 3585. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make it a criminal offense to knowingly make a request to access classified information concerning a United States person to be unmimized pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act for a reason other than an authorized reason under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and Mr. BYRNE ): H.R. 3586. A bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 with respect to labor organization representation during physical inspections of workplaces; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GOMEZ: H.R. 3587. A bill to provide for the collection and assessment of intelligence regarding the efforts of foreign powers to gain influence through the financial interests of the President and close family members and associates of the President; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. CLAY, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana): H.R. 3588. A bill to amend the Magnuson Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide for management of red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 3589. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to end speculation on the current cost of multilingual services provided by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3590. A bill to restore, reaffirm, and reconcile environmental justice and civil rights, provide for the establishment of the Interagency Working Group on Environmental Justice Compliance and Enforcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ (for himself, Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. PELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. CORREA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Mr. FOSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. COSTA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. S OTO, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. T HOMP SON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. TONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. WELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. YARMUTH , and Ms. B ASS): H.R. 3591. A bill to amend the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 to permit States to determine State residency for higher education purposes and to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain aliens who are United States residents and who entered the United States as children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. WILSONof South Carolina, Mr. B ERA, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. GABBARD , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. L EE, Ms. MENG, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SUOZZI , Mrs. TORRES , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. NADLER ): H.R. 3592. A bill To amend the Public Health Service Act and the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to provide for research and improvement of cardiovascular health among the South Asian population of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3593. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to authorize U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct certain activities to secure the international land borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas): 
H.R. 3594. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to protect the Social Security Trust Funds from overpayment discharge during bankruptcy proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 3595. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to employers who provide paid family and medical leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. KIND): H.R. 3596. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to adjust singleemployer premiums, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. C OLE, Mr. HECK, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. MOORE , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mrs. DINGELL , and Ms. D ELBENE): H.R. 3597. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to authorize grants to Indian Tribes to further achievement of Tribal coastal zone objectives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. WITTMAN ): H.R. 3598. A bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act to reauthorize the Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3599. A bill to prevent States and local jurisdictions from interfering with the production and distribution of agricultural products in interstate or foreign commerce; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3600. A bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require that any questionnaire used in determining the decennial census of population shall contain an option for respondents to indicate citizenship status or lawful presence in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 3601. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to clarify data and information sharing requirements regarding consumer complaints, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. S PEIER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. KIHUEN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. KHANNA , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. NADLER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. E VANS , Mr. CONYERS , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. SERRANO ): H.R. 3602. A bill to provide for the overall health and wellbeing of young people, including the promotion of lifelong sexual health and healthy relationships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself and Mr. THOMPSON of California): H.R. 3603. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent earnings stripping of corporations which are related to inverted corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 3604. A bill to establish a National Flood Research and Education Center to provide research, data, and recommendations on physical science, social science, economic analysis, policy analysis, risk analysis, monitoring, predicting, and planning as they relate to flooding and floodrelated issues; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3605. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself and Mr. ELLISON): H.R. 3606. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to establish fair and transparent practices related to the marketing and provision of overdraft coverage programs at depository institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MCCLINTOCK (for himself and Mr. TIPTON ): H.R. 3607. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MCCLINTOCK (for himself, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. GIANFORTE , and Mr. T IPTON ): H.R. 3608. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for herself, Mr. SOTO, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. CRIST, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. W ILSONof Florida): H.R. 3609. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide that children that have relocated from Puerto Rico to the States are fully considered for purposes of State allotments under the English language acquisition grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3610. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to permit the donation of hay harvested under the conservation reserve program to certain disaster areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. KIND, and Mr. M ARCHANT ): H.R. 3611. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create incentives for healthcare providers to promote quality healthcare outcomes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 3612. A bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to provide assistance to expand, improve, support, and promote primary and secondary education for displaced children, including girls, from areas designated by the Department of State as areas of conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. E VANS , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H IGGINS  of New York, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. MOORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. SIRES, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. NORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. PALLONE ): H.R. 3613. A bill to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance to make grants to States, units of local government, and gun dealers to conduct gun buyback programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 3614. A bill to direct the Administrator of General Services to establish a program to sell Federal buildings that are not utilized to provide revenue for increases in social security benefits and military retirement pay, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3615. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct or support a comprehensive study comparing total health outcomes, including risk of autism, in vaccinated populations in the United States with such outcomes in unvaccinated populations in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3616. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide grants to States for summer employment programs for youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Mr. R USH): H.R. 3617. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may provide certain basic financial services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3618. A bill to amend the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to establish the Office of School Discipline Policy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 3619. A bill to authorize the Export Import Bank of the United States to use 3 percent of its profits for administrative expenses; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. CARBAJAL , and Mr. K IHUEN ): H.R. 3620. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand eligibility for the refundable credit for coverage under a qualified health plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 3621. A bill to require subscribers to services supported through the Lifeline program of the Federal Communications Commission to reapply for such services on an annual basis; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for herself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. CLAY, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. S OTO, Mr. E VANS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B EYER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. SCHIFF , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 3622. A bill to direct the Election Assistance Commission to establish the ESecurity Fellows Program to provide individuals who work on political campaigns with training in the best practices for election cybersecurity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for herself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. CLAY, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. S OTO, Mr. E VANS , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 3623. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to secure and heighten the integrity of elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. NORTON , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): H.R. 3624. A bill to authorize voluntary grazing permit retirement on Federal lands managed by the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior where livestock grazing is impractical, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mr. WALZ): H.R. 3625. A bill to require Senate confirmation of Inspector General of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 3626. A bill to amend the Bank Service Company Act to provide improvements with respect to State banking agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3627. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide for the establishment of Youth Corps programs and provide for wider dissemination of the Youth Corps model; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3628. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow employers a credit against income tax for employees who participate in qualified apprenticeship programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3629. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to ensure that employees are not misclassified as nonemployees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3630. A bill to establish student loan borrowers’ rights to basic consumer protections, reasonable and flexible repayment options, access to earned credentials, and effective loan cancellation in exchange for public service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3631. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to allow employees to take, as additional leave, parental involvement leave to participate in or attend their children’s and grandchildren’s educational and extracurricular activities and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YODER (for himself and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida): H.R. 3632. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit fully refundable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. JAYAPAL ): H.J. Res. 116. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States prohibiting Congress and the States from abridging the right of citizens to affordable, quality health care; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. CONYERS ): H. Con. Res. 75. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress that homelessness in America should be eliminated; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. COOK, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. DONOVAN ): H. Con. Res. 76. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress that the current Federal income tax deduction for interest paid on debt secured by a first or second home and for property taxes should not be further restricted; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. EVANS ): H. Res. 485. A resolution commemorating the 40th anniversary of the ALS Association Greater Philadelphia Chapter; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, and Mr. SESSIONS ): H. Res. 486. A resolution calling on the Government of Iraq to compensate the former residents of Camp Ashraf for their assets seized by groups affiliated with the Government of Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. POE of Texas: H. Res. 487. A resolution urging all Universities to designate and maintain a sexual assault coordinator on staff who can be accessed by student victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking on campus and in the surrounding community; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Ms. JAYAPAL ): H. Res. 488. A resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin, Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. MCCARTHY , Mr. H OYER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. BURGESS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. N EAL, Mr. TIBERI , and Mr. L EVIN): H. Res. 489. A resolution honoring Edward G. Grossman for his distinguished public service and professional assistance to the House of Representatives; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. ELLISON , and Ms. L EE): H. Res. 490. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Diaper Need Awareness Week‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. GROTHMAN , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER ): H. Res. 491. A resolution a resolution affirming and recognizing the Khmer, Laotian, Hmong, and the other ethnic groups commonly referred to as Montagnards of Cambodia and Laos who supported and defended of the United States Armed Forces and freedom in Southeast Asia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. B ASS, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. E VANS , Ms. FUDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. MCEACHIN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S OTO, 
Mr. C ORREA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas): H. Res. 492. A resolution expressing concern for the separation of Jose´Escobar from his wife and children as a result of his deportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for himself and Mr. HULTGREN ): H. Res. 493. A resolution recognizing the dangers of distracted driving; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 494. A resolution expressing support for the designation of August 22, 2017, as national ‘‘Chuck Brown Day’’ and honoring his contributions to music and to the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Ms. ESHOO , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. MARSHALL , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. EVANS , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. NORTON , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Ms. F UDGE , and Ms. SPEIER ): H. Res. 495. A resolution recognizing the seriousness of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) and expressing support for the designation of the month of September 2017 as ‘‘PCOS Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 3581. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3582. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 3583. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 3584. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitution, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitution, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 3585. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The 4th Amendment to the Constitution and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 3586. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. GOMEZ: H.R. 3587. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 3588. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 3589. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, and to pay the debts levied by such expenses. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3590. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ: H.R. 3591. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 3592. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3593. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 Article 4, Section 3, clause 2 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3594. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 3595. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 3596. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 3597. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 3598. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3599. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Congress’ powers to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3600. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Amendment XIV, Section 2, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 3601. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on with this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate in commerce in, and among the states, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution. In addition this legislation rests on the power of Congress to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 3602. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 3603. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 3604. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause I of the Constitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 3605. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3606. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. MCCLINTOCK: H.R. 3607. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘The Appropriations Clause,’’ which confers on Congress the power to control or to limit spending by the federal government. By Mr. MCCLINTOCK: H.R. 3608. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘The Property Clause,’’ which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the property belonging to the United States. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 3609. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, which provides Congress with the power to regulate commerce among the several states, the power to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, and the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3610. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: What Is Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 3611. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 3612. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 3613. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3 Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 19: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 25: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 33: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 113: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 125: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 173: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 252: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 285: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 365: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 370: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 449: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 490: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 532: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 545: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 631: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 632: Mr. GALLEGO and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 676: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 719: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. DUNN, and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 721: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 741: Mr. KIND. H.R. 747: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 754: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. ALLEN , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 770: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 792: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 820: Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 823: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 825: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 828: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 849: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 850: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 908: Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 915: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 930: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 970: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 972: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 1022: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 1057: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1098: Mr. SIRES and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1099: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1136: Ms. FOXXand Mr. O LSON . H.R. 1158: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Ms. K APTUR , and Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 1164: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1196: Mr. O LSON . H.R. 1223: Mr. LONG. H.R. 1267: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1273: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 1274: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 1281: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1317: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 1358: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 1399: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1406: Ms. MENGand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1437: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1450: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1456: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 1481: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1494: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. LANCE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1515: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1516: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 1566: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1615: Ms. MENGand Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 1649: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1661: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 1697: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 1730: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1731: Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1741: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1796: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 1818: Ms. JAYAPAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1821: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 1828: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1861: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Mr. F OSTER, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H OYER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. KILDEE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1865: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. WALKER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. BRAT, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. G IBBS, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. B ASS, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. CLAY, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, Ms. PLASKETT , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. B OST, Ms. TENNEY , Mr. H UDSON , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. C OLE, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. NOEM, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi, Mr. DONOVAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. D AVIDSON , Ms. FOXX, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. FASO. H.R. 1876: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 1880: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1897: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1931: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1932: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 1949: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 1953: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1997: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 2013: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2015: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 2029: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 2091: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2106: Mr. KENNEDY  H.R. 2123: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 2150: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 2215: Ms. LOFGREN and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2240: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 2241: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2285: Mr. CHABOT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2295: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 2301: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2315: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 2319: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 2327: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. GUTHRIE , and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 2340: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 2360: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2416: Ms. ESHOO and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2417: Ms. TITUS, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. BERA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 2431: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 2440: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2475: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 2477: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 2478: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 2486: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 2519: Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. NUNES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. BURGESS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. TORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Mr. REICHERT , Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. BABIN, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2557: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 2590: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 2640: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 2641: Mr. KINDand Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2651: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 2663: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2687: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2723: Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. DUNN, and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 2740: Mr. HURD, Mr. R OGERS of Ken tucky, Mr. SESSIONS , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor ida, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. GRIFFITH , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 2777: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2797: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2832: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 2838: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2840: Ms. JAYAPAL , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. NADLER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 2851: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. NEAL. H.R. 2856: Mr. SOTOand Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2862: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 2864: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 2890: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. POCAN , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 2901: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. ROSKAM , and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 2906: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mr. KIND. H.R. 2918: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 2925: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 2929: Mr. KILMER and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2948: Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2957: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2958: Ms. NORTON and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2972: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2973: Mr. CORREA , Mr. K ATKO , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2996: Mr. BUDD, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. LOUDERMILK , and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 3006: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3034: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 3035: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 3040: Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Ms. PINGREE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , and Ms. Vela´zquez. H.R. 3053: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. KATKO , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P AULSEN, and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3055: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3056: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3059: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3082: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3091: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 3111: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3139: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 3174: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mrs. M URPHYof Florida. H.R. 3186: Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali fornia, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3197: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Ms. T ENNEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. MCSALLY , and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3222: Mr. CRIST, Mr. K IND, and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3223: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 3236: Mr. PALAZZO and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 3248: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 3258: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. H ECK, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. BEYER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. DEGETTE , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3271: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3272: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3274: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mrs. B ROOKS of In diana, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. H URD, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. GARRETT , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. OLSON , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 3275: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 3282: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. BANKS of Indiana, and Mr. B OST. H.R. 3300: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 3304: Mr. CLAY, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 3310: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 3311: Mr. CORREA and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 3312: Mr. PETERS , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. POSEY , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3314: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3325: Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. SINEMA , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. ROYCE of California, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 3329: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. H UDSON , and Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3332: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 3340: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut. H.R. 3342: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G ARRETT , and Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 3343: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 3345: Mr. COSTA , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. BROWN of Maryland. 
H.R. 3346: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. E VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 3361: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3394: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 3395: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 3414: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 3415: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3421: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 3425: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 3440: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 3441: Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. BRAT, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3443: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 3452: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. C ULBER SON. H.R. 3462: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3466: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3473: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3492: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3513: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. HIGGINS of New York, H.R. 3516: Mr. ELLISON and Mr. C ORREA . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. RUIZ. H.J. Res. 51: Mr. DESANTIS and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.J. Res. 61: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.J. Res. 88: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.J. Res. 90: Mr. COHEN . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. MARSHALL . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. SHIMKUS . H. Con. Res. 20: Mrs. WAGNER . H. Con. Res. 27: Mr. RUSH, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. M CNERNEY. H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. SARBANES , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. S OTO. H. Con. Res. 73: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 129: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. MOOLENAAR , and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H. Res. 318: Mr. EMMER . H. Res. 327: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 359: Ms. ROSEN . H. Res. 394: Mrs. LOWEY . H. Res. 401: Mr. EVANS and Mr. A GUILAR . H. Res. 436: Mr. EVANS , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H. Res. 443: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H. Res. 455: Mr. GARRETT , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 457: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 461: Mr. AGUILAR . H. Res. 466: Mr. SOTO, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. CONYERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. RYANof Ohio, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 474: Ms. JAYAPAL . H. Res. 477: Mr. DUNN. H. Res. 479: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. THOMPSON of California. 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION RELATING TO ARBITRATION AGREEMENTS 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, people’s legal rights have been limited by the use of forced arbitration clauses in contracts for consumer financial products and services. Forced arbitration clauses, also called mandatory predispute clauses, prevent cheated or defrauded American consumers from going to court to challenge wrongdoing by big banks, cell phone providers, auto leasing and auto financing firms, credit repair, payday lenders, debt collectors and credit card companies. Most arbitration clauses for financial products also prohibit consumers from participating in class actions. Forced arbitration clauses have been opposed by conservatives and progressives. Forced arbitration is a secret process where consumers seek redress at private firms chosen by the financial institution. This rigged system is why banks and lenders receive more than a million dollars per year paid out to them by their customers in forced arbitration, compared to just $86,216 returned to consumers. While advocates for the financial sector are correct that (sixteen) consumers recover an average of $5,400 in arbitration every year, they leave out the fact that banks and lenders receive an average award of $13,195 when they win—and they win 93 percent of the time. Indeed, a recent report found that consumers paid more restitution to Wells Fargo in arbitration than the other way around between 2009 and 2016, the prime years of its fake account scandal. After years of effort, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a rule restoring American consumers’ right to join together in court when harmed by systemic and widespread misconduct in the financial marketplace. The rule does not eliminate forced arbitration, but it would make individual secret arbitration more transparent by publishing arbitration complaints and outcomes. It also permits class action lawsuits. Instead of celebrating a rule that prevents financial interests from evading responsibility, Republicans seek to stop this rule under the Congressional Review Act (CRA). Today, they presented H.J. Res. 111. It is a vote to prevent consumers from receiving adequate compensation for fraud, deceptive and predatory practices. A vote for H.J. Res. 111 is a vote to deny Americans their constitutional right to access the legal process. H.J. Res. 111 would protect companies like Wells Fargo that used arbitration clauses and class action bans to create fraudulent accounts, overcharge customers with debit fees and mortgages and avoid responsibility for misconduct. H.J. Res 111 would remove federal protections for members of the military from evictions andrepossessions while they are on active duty. And, H.J. Res. 111 would deny consumers the ability to get fair compensation for harm. For those reasons, and more, we urge you reject a resolution that shields companies from responsibility for risky and illegal conduct. Today is another example to show the American people just how much Republicans want to rig the system for the powerful. A vote FOR this resolution is a vote to rig the rules to take money from the pockets of the American people and put it into the pockets of the financial sector. H.J. Res. 111 puts the profits of banks, student loan, car loan and mobile wireless providers, credit card companies, payday lenders, debt collectors over the fair treatment of the American people. How? For far too long, people’s legal rights have been limited by the use of forced arbitration clauses in contracts for consumer financial products and services. Forced arbitration clauses, also called mandatory predispute arbitration clauses, prevent cheated or defrauded American consumers from going to court to challenge wrongdoing. If your bank opens a fake account in your name, if your student loan lender refuses to adjust your loan due to your loss of income, if your bank reorders your debit transactions to maximize overdraft fees, it was frequently impossible for you to join with others to sue the bank as part of a class action. But two weeks ago, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau responded to demands from consumers and changed the rules to protect consumers. The Consumer Bureau told banks and lenders they cannot keep their customers out of court. Class action lawsuits must be allowed. And, the Consumer Bureau ended the secrecy that surrounds the arbitration courts. Companies must report court filings, arbitration filings and rulings. The vast majority of the American people, consumer groups like the Consumer Federation of America, the Military Coalition, and even conservative groups oppose forced arbitration. A vote AGAINST H.J. Res. 111 is a vote to allow people to receive adequate compensation for fraud, deceptive and predatory practices. A vote AGAINST H.J. Res. 111 is a vote to give Americans their constitutional right to access the legal process. Please join me in voting against H.J. Res. 111. I include in the RECORD various statement of opposition to the joint resolution. 
JULY25, 2017. Re OPPOSE H.J. Res. 111, Congressional Review Act resolution to repeal CFPB arbitration rule and block future reform of forced arbitration. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : Americans for Financial Reform and Public Citizen write to urge your opposition to H.J. Res. 111, the resolution to repeal the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)’s arbitration rule under the Congressional Review Act (CRA) and block a similar future rule to protect consumers. This extreme legislative measure would harm the public by insulating bad actors from accountability when they systematically defraud consumers, and give lawbreakers a competitive edge in the marketplace as a result. Based on five years of careful study and consideration mandated by the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, this rule is the result of a Congressional directive instructing the agency to restrict or ban forced arbitration if it found the practice harmful to consumers. The rule centers on two commonsense measures: 1) it restores the right of consumers to join together in court by prohibiting class action bans, ensuring consumers can hold banks accountable for widespread harm, and 2) it brings transparency to individual arbitration by publishing claims and outcomes with sensitive information redacted, ensuring banks can no longer cover up illegal behavior. According to a 2016 poll conducted by Pew Charitable Trusts, nearly 90% of consumers want their right to join together in class action lawsuits restored. Indeed, more than 100,000 individual consumers across the country wrote in to support the rule during its public comment period, as did the Military Coalition, representing 5.5 million servicemembers. Two weeks ago, 310 consumer, civil rights, faith, and labor organizations wrote to support the final rule. All available data supports the conclusion that class action lawsuits hold bad actors accountable and enable harmed consumers to be made whole. Without the option to join together, just 25 consumers with claims of less than $1,000 pursue arbitration each year. In contrast, class actions returned $2.2 billion to 34 million Americans between 2008 and 2012, after deducting attorneys’ fees and court costs. An independent study conducted by a former clerk for Justice Scalia reached similar conclusions, finding ‘‘even the harshest critics of consumer class actions would have to concede that the picture it paints is a fairly successful one.’’ While bank lobbyists suggest that consumers recover more money in arbitration than class actions, these claims are misleading at best and brazenly dishonest at worst. Even with class action bans currently a widespread presence in customer contracts, available data shows consumers still recover $440 million more in class actions than arbitration every year, with nearly 7 million consumers receiving cash relief annually. Class actions also often result in injunctive relief and systemic reforms that benefit consumers who are not members of the class. Big banks and lenders prefer forced arbitration precisely because the vast majority of consumers cannot and do not pursue claims in that forum. Though bank lobbyists loudly proclaim that consumers recover an average of $5,400 in arbitration, they neglect to mention that this number is based on just sixteen consumers per year who receive any relief in arbitration, across all fifty states. Because arbitration is so time and resource intensive for consumers compared to class action lawsuits, the consumers that choose to pursue arbitration tend to have highdollar claims backed by strong evidence—and even these sixteen consumers recover an average of just nine cents for every dollar claimed. It is no wonder that the financial industry prefers arbitration when consumers receive a total of just $86,216 per year. If Wells Fargo had to pay $5,400 each to even a small percentage of the thousands of customers defrauded in its fraudulent account scandal, surely it would switch sides in this debate. But forced arbitration not only allows banks and lenders to keep millions in illegal profits, it affirmatively lines their pockets with large awards paid out by consumers. The same study that found sixteen consumers recover a total of $86,216 in arbitration per year also found that banks and lenders receive more than a million dollars per year paid out to them by their customers in forced arbitration. While sixteen consumers recover an average of $5,400 in arbitration every year, banks and lenders receive an average award of $13,195 when they win—and they win 93% of the time. Indeed, a recent report found that consumers paid more restitution to Wells Fargo in arbitration than the other way around between 2009 and 2016, the prime years of its fake account scandal. In addition to the high payouts banks and lenders receive in arbitration, the Wells Fargo scandal demonstrates how financial companies use secret arbitration proceedings to keep misconduct out of the public eye. After the CFPB led a $185 million enforcement action against the bank for opening as many as 3.5 million fraudulent accounts and credit cards, reports revealed that customers had been trying to sue Wells Fargo over fake accounts since at least 2013. Yet the bank’s lawyers used arbitration clauses buried in the fine print of the customers’ other legitimate account contracts to force allegations of fraud out of public court—and the bank continued to profit from its illegal scheme for years. Finally, reallife experience shows that restoring consumer class action rights will not increase costs or decrease availability of credit. Consumers saw no increase in price after Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Capital One, and HSBC dropped their forced arbitration clauses as a result of courtapproved settlements. Similarly, mortgage rates did not increase after Congress banned forced arbitration in the mortgage market. The CFPB arbitration rule will ensure that bad actors cannot turn fraud into a viable profit model to the detriment of law abiding institutions, including the many community banks and credit unions that largely do not include arbitration clauses in their customer contracts. This new rule simply allows consumers to enforce rights deemed crucial by state and federal protections and increases accountability and transparency, making the financial system stronger and safer for all of us. We urge you to reject H.J. Res. 111 and allow this datadriven, commonsense rule to take effect. Sincerely, AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM  & PUBLIC CITIZEN . 
the Military Coalition, which represents nearly 6 million uniformed service members, veterans and their families, has formally petitioned Congress to ban the clauses. 2. Unconstitutional. Question: If binding arbitration clauses are so bad, why are they so common? Because a series of Supreme Court rulings (the most recent one in May) have effectively overturned the traditional commonlaw understanding of arbitration. In past centuries, arbitration was understood as a voluntary option that is fair only when both parties are of roughly equal bargaining power or else have agreed to it freely after a dispute has arisen. In lieu of that reasonable understanding, the Court has substituted a doctrinaire ‘‘right of contract’’ that allows a powerful party to effectively force a weaker party to waive his or her constitutional right to sue, before a dispute has arisen and often without informed consent. This transformation defies common sense and severely weakens Americans’ Seventh Amendment right to a jury trial. Today, arbitration has devolved into a private starchamber that’s stacked in favor of the accused corporation—which, unsurprisingly, usually wins. Is the CFPB itself unconstitutional? Yes, in my opinion. But so is forced arbitration. And Congress has a duty to protect our right to a jury trial. Instead of lashing out at the agency by overturning this regulation, Congress should do the right thing and amend the Federal Arbitration Act to make binding arbitration agreements truly voluntary for all Americans, as the Constitution requires. Having done so, it could then, at its leisure, reform (or, as I would prefer, abolish) the controversial agency. 3. A Political Loser. Those who vote to overturn the CFPB regulation will be placing themselves on the side of accused sexual harassers, corporate wrongdoers and unscrupulous payday lenders who exploit our troops. If Republicans are politically sensible—or just have an ounce of selfrespect—they’ll take the high road and let this reasonable rule stand. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act. I am deeply disappointed that this bill includes an indefensible $1.6 billion for the President’s so called border wall. It also violates the bipartisan Budget Control Act (BCA) spending caps, strips a longoverdue provision to sunset the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), and bars any efforts to close Guantanamo Bay. H.R. 3219 includes Fiscal Year 2018 funding for the Legislative Branch, the Veterans’ Affairs Department, the Department of Defense, and Energy and Water programs at the Department of Energy and Department of the Interior. Although I have many concerns with the bill, I am pleased that it increased funding for the Army Corps of Engineers, including funding for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, which will help dredge and maintain Oregon ports. I am also grateful that a bipartisan amendment that I championed with Rep. SCOTT PERRY to increase funding for the Water Technologies Office at the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE) was adopted. This will allow Oregon State University to continue their cuttingedge research and development of sustainable hydropower, pumped storage, and marine energy. I am deeply concerned, however, that the bill reduces overall EERE funding and eliminates the Advanced Research Project Agency–Energy (ARPA–E) program. I also do not support the inclusion of harmful policy riders that prevent implementation of National Oceans Policy protections and authorize the withdrawal of the Waters of the United States rule. I am supportive of provisions in the bill that uphold our commitment to our nation’s veterans. The bill provides robust funding for Medical and Prosthetic Research, and prioritizes funding to hire needed doctors, nurses, and medical staff at VA medical centers. Additionally, the bill addresses the ongoing disability claims backlog by requiring regional offices to report on processing performance and remediation efforts. Unfortunately, the bill also included $1.6 billion to fund parts of President Trump’s border wall, a waste of money that will not secure the border and will have long lasting humanitarian, diplomatic, and environmental consequences. The bill also appropriates Defense spending at $621 billion, which is $72 billion above the BCA caps. Without a fix to the caps, this funding level would trigger a mandatory 13.2 percent cut in all defense accounts. This reckless cut is irresponsible. Finally, the bill was stripped of a provision to sunset the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), which has been used for more than 15 years to justify ongoing military actions overseas. It is long past time for Congress to reassert our authority and responsibility to debate matters of military force. The Majority’s decision to remove this provision—which passed out of the Appropriations Committee with broad bipartisan support—shows a disregard for our duties and the legislative process. Additionally the bill bars any funds from being used to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, or to transfer detainees. For those reasons, I am strongly opposed to H.R. 3219 and urge my colleagues to vote no. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Chair, I will vote against H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act, because it is not a responsible way to spend taxpayer money. The bill blows through the spending limits in the Budget Control Act. Responsible governing means making hard choices and spending taxpayer money wisely. This bill did not serve either of those goals. I am particularly concerned about the $1.57 billion included in this bill to pay for the border wall between the United States and Mexico. For that much money, we could pay for over 94,000 students to get their fouryear degrees at a UWSystem school. Instead, we are spending that money on a project that will only balloon in price and cost even more to maintain. We need to make smart decisions about how to spend our limited resources. We should be investing in ourselves. There are plenty of opportunities to pay for important defense priorities by eliminating waste in the Defense Department. In January of 2015, the nonpartisan Defense Business Board released a report outlining opportunities for reform that would save $125 billion in defense spending. That report is now collecting dust. That is money we could be spending on important defense priorities like troop readiness, training, and equipment. This spending bill is another missed opportunity at reform. Despite voting against the bill, I was happy to see $55 million provided to the VA to implement the Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act. The funding will assist in increasing programs to help medical professionals and patients understand the risks associated with pain medication and examine alternative treatments. This will help address the opioid epidemic and give veterans and their families the tools they need and the accountability they deserve. I understand how important it is to provide ample support for our military, which is why I recently voted in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act. Supporting the brave men and women who defend this nation is of paramount importance. We should not be inserting partisan riders into bills that should be bipartisan. I will continue to work with my colleagues to support our military and pursue fiscally responsible policies that invest in Americans. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (ER. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I will vote against H.R. 3219, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018, also ironically named the, ‘‘Make America Secure Appropriations Act’’ (Roll no. 435). I commend House appropriators for their work on this bill and realize that putting it together was no easy task. However, due to several poison pill provisions and deep budgetary issues, I could not support it. Most concerning, the bill contains $1.6 billion in funding to begin construction of a wall 
along the U.S.Mexico border. A border wall serves only to instill fear and puts United States taxpayers on the hook for something that is unrealistic, costly, and unnecessary. It’s immoral and goes against our values as Americans. There are also severe budgetary concerns. The bill would increase defense spending more than $72 billion above limits set in the Budget Control Act. House Republicans have refused to work with Democrats on a new budget agreement, and without a budget resolution, the funding levels in this legislation would be subject to a sequester. H.R. 3219 is an affront to smart spending and a testament to misguided governing. The legislation increases funding levels for several redundant weapons programs, including certain dangerous nuclear weapons programs. The prioritizing of weapons systems over our troops and veterans is wrong and will result in the hollowing out of the Army, Navy, and Air Force conventional forces. We need to set clear spending priorities. In addition, the bill contains a number of provisions that ignore basic environmental policy requirements and important investments in renewable energy. It includes a rider that would prevent the federal government from protecting clean water and even exempts discharged dredged or fill material from clean water act requirements. The bill would also eliminate the Department of Energy’s advanced energy research program and the energy loan guarantee program and would slash energy efficiency & renewable energy investments by nearly $1 billion. The socalled Making America Secure Act even prevents agencies from collaborating on federal ocean policies. There was a bright spot. The House passed an amendment to defund painful experiments on dogs conducted by the Department of Veterans Affairs. It is critical that Congress work to strengthen animal protections, which is why I’ve laid out an ambitious agenda to help animals and crack down on abuse. I hope we can work together going forward to pass a budget resolution that prioritizes appropriately. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. 
Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Chair, I represent the First District of New Hampshire, which includes Pease Air Guard Base, formerly Pease Air Force Base. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I’m aware that our military’s historic use of perfluorinated chemicals or PFCs has not only polluted the groundwater of Pease and the surrounding area, but also of bases and their environs nationwide. That’s why I’m offering this amendment to authorize the Department of Defense to fund a nationwide health impact study— which the Housepassed NDAA has just authorized—to be conducted by the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry beginning in FY2018. Our service members, veterans, and other affected constituents deserve answers about how they and their children have been harmed by these chemicals, which are classified as emerging contaminants. This contamination began in the 1970s, when more than 600 U.S. military firetraining sites used a firefighting foam that contained PFCs called perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS). Testing conducted by the Department of Defense at many of these sites has found PFC groundwater levels that exceed EPA guidelines many times over. At Pease, it is 12.5 times higher than the health advisory. The Department of Defense has so far spent $200 million assessing and remediating the water at many of these sites. The House report accompanying the NDAA has extensive language identifying this problem and directing the Defense Department to report to the Committee on the process and timeline for identifying and resourcing longterm remediation on military bases or in the surrounding communities. Because of widespread PFC use at sites across the United States, contaminated drinking water now poses a nationwide public health threat. According to the American Cancer Society (ACS), PFOA is especially problematic ‘‘because it can stay in the environment and in the human body for long periods.’’ Many peerreviewed studies indicate health dangers of PFCs, including links to testicular, kidney, and thyroid cancer, liver damage, impaired immune system function, decreased fertility, and harm to a developing fetus or child. But the ACS says ‘‘more research is needed to clarify these findings,’’ because a comprehensive, longterm study of the health impacts of PFOA and PFOS has not yet been conducted. That is why I see a clear and pressing need for this study. Our service men and women, veterans, and others who have been exposed to PFCs deserve answers on both the short and longterm health impacts of these contaminants. Such a study’s findings could enable them to take proactive measures, such as more frequent cancer screenings, to protect their own and their children’s health. Knowing that groundwater contamination exists and understanding the clear danger of longterm health risks, we can begin to remedy past mistakes by supporting the launch of this muchneeded study on behalf of our troops, our veterans, their families, and affected civilians. This is a debt we owe our troops and military families, defense civilian workers, and others who served on or lived near these bases. Please support our amendment to give our military members and veterans, their families and children, in and around bases across our country, the answers they deserve. f 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the history and continued legacy of LAMP High School in Montgomery, Alabama. This Magnet school remains a significant testament to the success of public education in America, especially in the historic city of Montgomery. LAMP, originally an acronym for Lanier Academic Motivational Program, had its origin in 1984 as a magnet program in Lanier High School. As the Montgomery Board of Education saw that white flight away from integrated schools continued to increase, public education leaders affirmed that retaining racial balance in schools would allow for quality education for all students. The first director of the program, Mary George Jester, brilliantly led this school to continually be the number one ranked public school in Alabama, a top 50 public school nationally, and the number one ranked magnet school in the nation in 2013, according to Newsweek and US News and World Report. What started as an idea by the Board of Education to combat white flight turned into a program with the philosophy that any student, regardless of background or race, could get the highest quality education in Alabama. Mary George Jester relentlessly took that attitude into a community that was all too familiar with innovative ideas, a fervor for change, and the desire for equal opportunity. Montgomery remains the backdrop of LAMP High School today as it boasts it’s racial, religious, and cultural diversity. However, as the 2017 to 2018 school year approaches, LAMP will move locations for the third time in four years. After LAMP formed in an already existing high school in 1984, it finally received its own building in 1999. That facility, built in 1923, housed the first junior and senior high schools for AfricanAmerican students, and was named after Henry Allen Loveless, a founding member of the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church. Subsequently, LAMP changed its acronym to what it is today: Loveless Academic Magnet Program—reflecting the name of that building. As students and faculty grew accustomed to their new surroundings and strived to get national recognition, the building they worked in slowly deteriorated. Finally, after 13 years, that building was deemed severely unsafe for a school, and the school was promptly moved in November of 2014 to a temporary, unused elementary school building a couple miles away downtown. Nevertheless, LAMP persisted, with students, faculty, and administrators scrambling to get situated; this was not the first nor the last time LAMP would have to adapt to a new environment. The timeless philosophy Mary George Jester instilled in the program that ‘‘excellence in education does not limit itself in the classroom; rather, it encompasses the student’s entire world.’’ After being present for LAMP’s second move, Ms. Jester retired after returning that year to be the principal. Ms. Jester’s philosophy remained as LAMP was informed that it would be moving again to a renovated portion of the closed down and vacant Montgomery Mall building. The brand new facility will reopen for students and faculty in August of 2017, which will complete its fourth and final move. It took the push of education leaders in 1984 for LAMP’s success to transcend buildings thirtythree years later. Through community support early on, LAMP stands as a testament that public education creates developed 
minds with the ability to adapt to adversity. As current Principal Matthew Monson leads the school onward, Ms. Jester’s philosophy is clearer than ever: education is ‘‘always believing in, and always nurturing the mind, body and soul, no matter the hindrances.’’ On behalf of Alabama’s 7th Congressional District, and the nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing LAMP High School in Montgomery, Alabama for demonstrating the pinnacle of public education in the face of adversity. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Brian Ross Lucas. Brian is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 222, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Brian has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Brian has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Brian has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Brian completed a landscaping project around a sign he also erected for Eagleville United Methodist Church in Eagleville, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Brian Ross Lucas for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 2017 GRADUATING CLASS OF THE DODIE LONDEN EXCELLENCE IN PUBLIC SERVICE SERIES 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the graduating class of the 2017 Dodie Londen Excellence in Public Service Series. Brandy Wells, Cindy Casaus, Debi Vandenboom, Farhana Ahmed, Jeni White, Kristen Desmangles, Lauren Pemberton, Lisa Godzich, Dr. Shadow Asgari, Simone Hall, ViciLee Jacobs, Bernadette Coggins and Yvonne Cahill have all distinguished themselves as impactful leaders in our community. 
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Brian Schools on his recent selection to the Board of Directors at the National Association of FederallyInsured Credit Unions, NAFCU. Mr. Schools has been President and CEO of Chartway Federal Credit Union in Virginia Beach since 2015. Mr. Schools joined Chartway Federal Credit Union in 2008 and served as vice president of lending, corporate strategy officer, and corporate divisional president, until he assumed his current role. Mr. Schools has more than 20 years of business leadership experience and holds a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Virginia Tech and a Master of Business Administration from Virginia Commonwealth University. He has also served as a Board member of Chartway’s We Promise Foundation, which provides financial support to make dreams and wishes come to life for children facing medical challenges. He is known at his credit union as a highly capable leader who has the experience, the determination, and the drive to position Chartway for the opportunities and challenges ahead. Mr. Schools’ business experience and leadership will bring a tremendous amount of expertise to the NAFCU Board. I wish Mr. Schools the best of luck in his new role on the NAFCU Board, and look forward to working with him in this capacity. I ask that my colleagues join me today in congratulating Brian Schools on this achievement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VILLAGE OF PENTWATER 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the village of Pentwater, Michigan on the occasion of its 150th Anniversary. On March 16, 1867, the former settlement of Pentwater was officially incorporated as a village by the Michigan Legislature. The Victorian homes and cottages scattered around the village remind visitors of Pentwater’s historic past. Its first sawmill—opened in 1867— turned into a booming lumbering industry, including the largest shingle mill in the United States. As we look back at Pentwater’s historic past, we hope to preserve that which has made it special. From early on, Pentwater was known as a scenic resort destination. Today, with its picturesque location on Lake Michigan, Pentwater offers countless options for recreation and entertainment. Charles Mears State Park provides visitors the opportunity to hike, fish, sail and enjoy all that Lake Michigan has to offer. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 150th Anniversary of the village of Pentwater, Michigan. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dan Mathews and thank him for his years of dedicated service to Congress and the American taxpayers. Dan has worked on the Hill for over 20 years, and, he has been a fixture on the staff of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure as the Republican Staff Director of the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management for the last 14 years. The Subcommittee has a wide area of jurisdiction covering federal buildings and courthouses, the General Services Administration, and GSA leases and capital projects, the Smithsonian, the Kennedy Center, the National Gallery of Art, and numerous other federal facilities. In addition, Dan also staffed the Select Bipartisan Committee to Investigate the Preparedness for and the Response to Hurricane Katrina in 2006. He was one of the primary authors of the Committee’s investigative report, ‘‘A Failure of Initiative,’’ which led to the successful enactment of the PostKatrina Emergency Management Reform Act, and later the establishment of the National Preparedness System and the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act. In his time with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Dan has had a leading role in the enactment of major pieces of legislation related to public buildings and emergency management. Most notably, during his tenure, he has overseen the passage and the initial implementation of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act (FASTA), which will shrink the size of government and help ensure savings by selling or redeveloping high value properties, consolidating federal space, and streamlining the disposal of unneeded assets; the PostKatrina Emergency Management Reform Act, which gave FEMA clear guidance on its mission and priorities, and provided the legislative authorities needed to better partner with state, local, tribal, and territorial governments before, during, and after disasters; and the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act, which was the most significant legislative change to the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) substantive authorities since the enactment of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act of 1974. Dan has also worked tirelessly to save taxpayer money by reducing the cost of federal real estate, reducing waste in the federal courthouse construction program, coordinating efforts by agencies to reduce leasing costs through space reductions and consolidations, and pushing GSA to negotiate the best lease deals for the taxpayer. It comes as no surprise given his experience and efforts, that the Administration has appointed him Commissioner of GSA’s Public Buildings Service. I am confident in that role, Dan will continue the important work of ensuring GSA and other federal agencies continue to reduce costs and make smarter decisions in federal real estate to benefit the taxpayer. In his spare time, Dan enjoys spending time with his family, his wife Lara and their two daughters, traveling, doing yoga, and rock climbing. Mr. Speaker, please join me in acknowledging Dan’s achievements during his tenure here in the House of Representatives and in wishing Dan the best of luck with new endeavors. 
RECOGNIZING THE 200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AUBURN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 200th Anniversary of the Auburn Correctional Facility in Auburn, NY. The Auburn Correctional Facility has served Central New York diligently and without fail— never ceasing to operate 24 hours a day for seven days a week—for 200 years. The Auburn Correctional Facility has been an economic driver in Auburn and Central New York, creating jobs and boosting the local economy over the past two centuries. I commend the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision for keeping the Auburn Correctional Facility operational for the last 200 years, and I wish the Auburn Correctional Facility continued success in the years to come. 
FEDERAL COURT DECISION ON THE PRESIDENTIAL ADVISORY COMMISSION ON ELECTION INTEGRITY 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express deep concern about the recent Federal Court decision on the Trump Administration’s Presidential Advisor Commission on Election Integrity. The partisan commission led by Vice President PENCE and Kan sas Secretary of State Kris Kobach sparked controversy on June 28th when they requested the names, date of birth, party registrations, partial Social Security numbers, and voting history of more than 150 million registered voters across America. Immediately following this request, voting rights groups and civil liberty activists challenged the Commission on Election Integrity in Federal Court. Earlier this week, a D.C. federal judge ruled that the White House is exempt from federal privacy review requirements, permitting the Trump Administration’s commission to move forward with collecting voters’ personal information throughout the country. This decision is a setback to democracy, because it legitimizes the voter suppression efforts of this commission. The creation of the Commission on Election Integrity is based on an inaccurate claim by President Trump that he would have ‘‘won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.’’ It is also upsetting that the commission is using tax payer money to promote this false narrative. Fortunately, the D.C. Federal Court’s decision will not be the final ruling on the legitimacy of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Many other groups, including the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, have filed lawsuits in federal courts across the country to challenge the commission’s efforts. With the seemingly constant attacks on voting rights, it is easy to become discouraged and disengaged. I challenge every American to draw inspiration from the foot soldiers of the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Movement who risked their lives in the pursuit of unfettered access to the ballot. As old battles become new again, we must redouble our efforts to ensure equal access to the voting booth. That is why I proposed H.R. 2978—The Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2017. By restoring the full protection of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, we can address the problem of voter discrimination and help ensure all Americans, regardless of race and economic status, are able to exercise their right to vote. f 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the success and bright future of the film industry in my home state of Georgia. When Americans ventured out to see feature films like Spiderman: Homecoming and Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2 they watched movies that were shot 50 miles south of my home in Gainesville. Ten years ago, no one could imagine big ticket films such as these being produced here. But today, Georgia’s film industry yields an economic impact of over $7 billion. The need for Georgians to keep up with the pace of this industry’s growth is crucial. Therefore, I want to take the time to commend the efforts that my northeast Georgia friends have taken to educate and inspire our youngest generation to get involved in film production. Recently, the Hall County Library System hosted a film school that offered free classes to young students. There, students were taught how to draft their own movie scripts, shoot videos at different angles, and edit them in order to provide viewers with the best experience. Additionally, I want to recognize Opal Littleton, a star on the rise from Dahlonega. She was recently cast as the role of young Charlotte Byrde on the show Ozark and is working with Clint Eastwood on his film, 15:17 to Paris. The future of Georgia’s film industry is being paved by the talent of these young Georgians and the support that their loved ones give to them. I am excited to watch them grow and take on their own roles in the success of Georgia’s film industry. 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Joseph Erardi, Jr. upon his retirement as the Superintendent of Schools in Newtown, Connecticut. Dr. Erardi is a distinguished educator and administrator, and his legacy of fighting for Connecticut’s students will inspire the next generation of public servants. Dr. Erardi has long been active in education in our state. He completed his undergraduate and Master’s degrees at Central Connecticut State University before earning his Doctorate in Educational Leadership from the University of Hartford. Before joining the Newtown Public Schools, Joe worked in school administration at Rockville High, Killingly High, and Manchester Public Schools. He then worked as Superintendent at the Southington, Watertown, and Bolton school districts in Connecticut before joining Newtown as Superintendent in 2014. Joe’s leadership has been vital to support our local schools during a challenging time for our state and local governments. In November 2016, the Connecticut Boards of Education and Connecticut Association of Public School Superintendents named Dr. Erardi as the Superintendent of the Year for 2017 in recognition of his dedication to students, teachers, and his district. What’s more, in spite of his demanding work at Newtown Public Schools, Joe found the time to teach at Central Connecticut State University and to share his experience with the next generation of educators. On a personal note, I want to honor my friend Joe. He is a true educator, mentor, and citizen servant. Joe, we’ll miss you—but know that your service stands as a benchmark for all of us who care about education and about our communities. I extend him my best wishes for an enjoyable retirement with his wife, Sue, and children, Joe and Chelsea. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Joseph Erardi dedicated his career in public service to improving our public schools and ensuring Connecticut’s students receive a quality education. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jerry Nurnberg for his many years of service to the Creston Volunteer Fire Department. After serving admirably for 45 years, Jerry has decided it’s time to hang up his boots. Jerry joined the Creston Fire Department in 1972. Not only did he work calls for fires, but in the beginning, the volunteers also responded to ambulance calls. He has had experience with everything from house fires to train wrecks and has been the treasurer for the volunteer fire fighters for most of his tenure. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor representing Jerry in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in commending him for his outstanding service to the city of Creston and in wishing him nothing but the best in his retirement. 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 150th Anniversary of the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company. As every Wisconsinite knows, Leinenkugel’s is a staple of our state’s economy and has been for 150 years. In my district, Chippewa Falls, WI is home to one of the original Leinenkugel breweries and is still proudly producing union made Leinenkugel beer today. In fact, Leinenkugel’s is not only one of the oldest continuously operating breweries in the United States; it is also the 4th largest craft brewer in our country. Leinenkugel Brewing Company has also been a dynamic driver of tourism in my district and across the state of Wisconsin. The brewery’s visitor center, the Leinie Lodge, draws over 125,000 visitors annually making it one of the most prominent tourist destinations in our great state of Wisconsin. Leinenkugel’s success, however, is not only because they manufacture great tasting beer, but it’s also because they embody the Wisconsin notion of service to others. The Leinenkugel family has a long history of public service, dating back to World War II when Bill Leinenkugel served as a United States Marine in the South Pacific. It was this same passion for service that propelled Bill’s 40year career with the brewing company. Two of Bill’s sons, the fifth generation of the family to work for the brewery, Jake and Dick also served as officers in the United States Marine Corps. In addition to their service as Marines, Dick Leinenkugel served as a County Board Supervisor in Waukesha County, WI and as Wisconsin’s Secretary of Commerce from 2008 until 2010. Jake Leinenkugel is retired from the company but continues to honor the Leinenkugel tradition of service as a Senior White House Advisor to the Veterans Administration. The dedication for community involvement and support has been passed down through generations and continues to shape the way in which the Leinenkugel family does business in western Wisconsin today. Whether it’s brewing Leinenkugel beer in Chippewa Falls, WI or serving our country in the Marines, the Leinenkugel family consistently represents the hardworking values of all Wisconsinites. With this in mind, I’d like to raise a Summer Shandy and congratulate the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company and Leinenkugel family on 150 years of dedicated service to western Wisconsin. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Michael Donatti of Pearland, TX, for receiving a Fulbright award to work on his Master of Science degree at the University of Bristol in the UK. Michael is a Rice University student studying environmental policy and management. His environmental policy program will cover corporate environmental sustainability, legal and economic frameworks and climate science, and will require him to write a thesis. Each year the Fulbright Program grants students the opportunity to study, research or teach English abroad in an effort to internationalize communities and campuses around the world. Fulbright scholars focus on the conditions and challenges differing regions face, as well as building valuable U.S. relationships. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Michael for receiving this Fulbright award. Keep up the great work. f 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a respected constituent of mine, Ron Van Gundy. Since 1968, Ron devoted his time and energy to the Roza Irrigation District in the Yakima Basin. His collaborative efforts throughout the years have guided the district through several major droughts, enhanced water quality, and improved conservation efforts. In Central Washington, water is often times a luxury, and it takes an intelligent, visionary mind to navigate the unique irrigation challenges that face our farmers. Ron exhibited an unmatched sense of leadership and cultivated strong relationships throughout the region and statewide. He did all of this to gain support for one of Washington’s most important and vulnerable agricultural districts. Ron will be missed by many, and I am proud to have worked with him. We can honor his legacy by continuing his work and demonstrating the passion he had for water solutions in Washington’s 4th District. I ask my colleagues to please join me in remembering Ron Van Gundy. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the City of Paramount on its 60th anniversary. I am deeply honored to represent this hub of innovation and history as part of California’s 40th Congressional District, and I hope my colleagues will join me in paying tribute to Paramount and its residents. The City of Paramount was incorporated in 1957 after two communities, Hynes and Clearwater, merged. The unincorporated Hynes Clearwater community staged a hardfought campaign, ‘‘Save Paramount for Paramount,’’ contesting its annexation from surrounding communities, and secured the right to self governance. The city we now call Paramount has been home to a rich and enduring history. The city’s ‘‘Hay Tree,’’ where the price of the world’s hay used to be set each day, stands today as a 
State Historical Landmark, proudly representing Paramount’s inspiring past as a major hay and dairy producer. Iceland, an ice rink opened in 1940 by Frank Zamboni and an early Paramount landmark, celebrates the city’s rich ice skating history. Iceland has not only been a widely enjoyed community asset, but the training facility for professional skaters such as Olympic champions Sonia Henie and Dorothy Hamill. The worldfamous Zamboni IceResurfacing Machine, which Mr. Zamboni developed in Paramount, is a memorable illustration of the area’s enduring spirit of innovation. In the spirit of the city’s motto, ‘‘Positively Paramount,’’ residents of Paramount share a commitment to making the city the best it can be. Named an ‘‘AllAmerica City’’ in 1988 for its redevelopment efforts, Paramount continues to flourish as a thriving urban center. The city’s revitalization in recent decades has inspired an arts movement, sparked investments in commercial and residential rehabilitation, and, most notably, reinvented the downtown. The City of Paramount has transformed the Paramount Pond from a vacant lot riddled with blight to a unique and thriving plaza, whose artistic features encourage community and familyoriented values and celebrate ice skating history. Only a block from Frank Zamboni’s ice rink, families, residents, and tourists can dine at three different restaurants, admire the beautiful bronze sculptures, and play on a miniature Zamboni IceResurfacing Machine. At the heart of Paramount are the Civic Center Gardens, connecting City Hall, the community hospital, and the county library. The gardens are muchloved by Paramount residents, and reflect the city’s commitment to innovation and community unification. Paramount’s commitment to redevelopment continues to this day. City leaders have recently come together to support a multimillion dollar campaign to revitalize more than 155,000 square feet of downtown Paramount. Paramount Town Center West and Paramount Town Center East have been renovated. A new, vibrant shopping center, Clearwater Crossing Shopping Center, has been completed. New outdoor patios where families can dine, additional public parking, and wider sidewalks are making Paramount a more pleasant place for all. The city’s redevelopment efforts and businessfriendly reputation have attracted major restaurant chains including Applebee’s, Habit Burger Grill, Chipotle, and Waba Grill, as well as retailers including WSS Shoes and AutoZone. I hope my colleagues will join me in sending their best wishes and congratulations to Paramount on its 60th anniversary. Let us salute its optimistic spirit, and its commitment to embracing the future through smart investments, innovation, and creativity. May Paramount remain strong, successful, and ‘‘Positively Paramount’’ in the years ahead. 
RECOGNIZING MAYTHA SEBASTO IN CELEBRATION OF HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Mrs. Maytha Sebasto’s 80th birthday. Maytha is a beloved wife, mother, teacher, and friend to many. Maytha Sebasto was born in Merced, California to M.O. and Bertha Richards. Her parents were true pioneers and farmed in Merced and later in the LeGrand area. Maytha graduated LeGrand High School in 1955 and went on to Fresno State where she earned her degree in elementary education in 1960. While in high school, Maytha belonged to her local 4– H club and was a member of Job’s Daughters and President of the Girls League. Maytha began teaching at LeGrand Elementary School in the fall of 1958 with a provisional credential. Her teaching philosophy was simple: Always give your students a strong foundation for their future success. In 1960 she taught at Eastin Arcola in Madera County and then in 1961 she joined Fresno Unified School District, teaching primary grades at Tielman Elementary, Birney Elementary and Columbia. Maytha joined the faculty at Ewing Elementary in 1967. In 1990 she joined the faculty at Ayer Elementary where she remained until her retirement after more than 35 years of teaching. Maytha was beloved by her students and spent the last 15 years of her career teaching Kindergarten. Maytha caught the eye of a young soldier, Alfred Sebasto at a church party. The two were married on December 29, 1962. For the first year of their marriage, Maytha and Alfred lived in Augsburg, Germany, where Alfred was stationed in the U.S. Army. Thereafter, the two moved back to the Sebasto Family Farm on the Eastside of Fresno County to raise their family. Maytha and Alfred are the proud parents of two loving daughters, Theresa and Alfreda. Maytha not only assists her husband in the family farming operation, but she also volunteered for the Farm Bureau ‘‘Ag in the Classroom’’ program, teaching students and teachers more about the industry of agriculture and its importance to our community. Since her retirement from teaching, Maytha has become an accomplished water color artist. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing Maytha Sebasto as she celebrates her 80th birthday. I ask that you join me in wishing her and her family continued health and happiness. f 
SUPPORTING LEGISLATION TO REDUCE SEXUAL ASSAULT ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to speak in support of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act and the Megan Rondini Act. During August recess, students across the country will return to their universities, some will be freshmen, going to college for the first time. Therefore, I hope that Congress can take decisive action and pass these bills when we return in September. It is our responsibility to ensure all students are safe and secure when they are away from home and pursuing their college education. We cannot ignore the rise of sexual assault on college campuses across this country. RAAIN, the nation’s largest antisexual violence organization, reports one in six women in our nation have been the victim of rape or attempted rape. Collegeaged women are three to four times more likely to experience sexual assault. Unfortunately when many of these women seek medical attention and justice through their universities, they find neither. I have the privilege of representing the University of Alabama, the fastest growing flagship university in the country. As our universities grow and the number of sexual assault victims grow, it is imperative that universities become the allies of all students, especially victims of sexual assault. I am proud to join my colleagues in co sponsoring the Campus Accountability and Security Act. The proposed legislation would increase accountability and transparency between universities and students and ensure safer university environments. Schools will be responsible for providing essential resources for victims, like confidential advisers and well trained campus personnel. This training will teach campus personnel the neurobiological effects of trauma and stress on the victim and their memory, ensuring that the students receive victimcentered, traumainformed interviews. For every onethousand rapes in the United States only fiftyseven reports will lead to arrest; only six of these will result in the incarceration of a rapist. This bill would require that campus authorities coordinate with local law enforcement and share information when a crime occurs. Pursuant to the Cleary Act of 1990, universities are required to keep and make public information about assault cases and other crimes. This current bill will create stronger penalties for universities that do not comply with their responsibilities laid out by the Cleary Act. Likewise, my colleagues Representative MALONEY and Representative P OEintroduced H.R. 3415, the Megan Rondini Act of 2017 this week. This bipartisan bill requires hospitals to have a Sexual Assault Forensic Examiner, also known as a SAFE, or an alternative plan that gets victims to a nearby hospital with access to these resources. Requiring that SAFEs are available to victims 24 hours a day, 7 days a week results in both the proper medical attention and the preservation of the evidence necessary to litigate the assault. I urge all the members of Congress to support the Campus Accountability and Security Act, the Megan Rondini Act and any other legislation that would protect victims of sexual violence on our college campuses. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF MCDADE PARK IN SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 40th Anniversary of McDade Park, which will be celebrated on Monday, July 31, 2017. For four decades McDade Park has been an important part of Lackawanna County, providing residents and visitors with a place to have fun and enjoy the beauty and history of Northeastern Pennsylvania. 
Since 1977, McDade Park has offered services and recreational amenities for everyone. The park’s 180 acres include several sports fields utilized by athletes of all ages while nature lovers enjoy the park’s hiking trail and ponds for fishing. Programs such as youth soccer, women’s golf, children’s fishing derbies, and many others bring people together for some friendly competition. More recently, McDade Park has taken great strides to become more accessible to people of all needs. The Boundless Playground is a special structure added in 2009 which contains wheelchairaccessible slides and special sensory areas that allows children of all needs and abilities to have fun. McDade Park has also helped bring past and present together by commemorating Lackawanna County’s history. The Lackawanna Coal Mine tour, Pennsylvania Anthracite Museum, and Miner’s Memorial are located at the park to preserve Lackawanna County’s rich industrial past. The coal mine tour allows visitors to descend 300 feet underground via a mine car to explore a restored anthracite coal mine. In addition to the mine tour, McDade Park is home to memorials dedicated to honor Cancer Survivors and to commemorate the September 11, 2001 attacks on our country. It is an honor to recognize McDade Park as it celebrates its 40th Anniversary. May the people of Lackawanna County continue to enjoy the beauty and history that McDade Park offers for many, many years to come. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Florentino ‘‘Tino’’ Duran. Born and raised in San Antonio, Florentino Duran was an accomplished man. He persevered and managed to become Student Corps President, an ROTC Colonel, and editor of his high school newspaper. After high school, he served four years in the United States Air Force. Once he finished his service, Mr. Duran attended St. Mary’s University and received a bachelor’s degree in political science and a master’s degree in public administration. Mr. Duran worked in a variety of capacities after graduating college. He served as executive assistant to both Mayor John Gatti and the Lyndon B. Johnson Administration. He also worked as executive director of the Bexar County Department of Housing, President of the National Association of Hispanic Publications of the United States (NAHP) and Vice President of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of San Antonio. Later in Mr. Duran’s career, he became general manager of a Dallas newspaper known as ‘‘El Sol de Tejas’’. He then became CEO and president of the ‘‘Hispanic Informer’’. In 1989, Duran and his loving wife Millie reintroduced the newspaper ‘‘La Prensa’’ as a bilingual publication reporting on San Antonio and the Hispanic community. Mr. Duran’s successful career brought numerous recognitions, including the 2002 Media Award, presented by the San Antonio Police Association; the 2006 Community Service Award from the San AntonioNorte Chamber of Commerce; and the 2005 Henry B. Gonzalez Public Service and Integrity award, presented by the Department of Public Administration of San Antonio College. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize and honor the life of Florentine Duran of San Antonio. f 
HONORING MILJENKO ‘‘MIKE’’ GRGICH, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Miljenko ‘‘Mike’’ Grgich, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Mr. Grgich is very deserving of this award and recognition. Mike Grgich was born in Desne, Croatia and studied winemaking and viticulture at the University of Zagreb before leaving to escape communism. He came to Napa Valley in 1958 where he has become a successful vintner and an innovator in the wine community. After arriving in Napa, Mike learned from some of the best vintners in the region. He became a winemaker for Chateau Montelena and made the Chardonnay that won the 1976 Paris Tasting, forever changing the way the world views American Wine. George Taber documented this consequential decision in a TIME magazine article, ‘‘Modern Living: Judgment of Paris.’’ The resulting coverage of the Judgment of Paris created an immediate positive impact on the world of wine, and inspired among experts, consumers, and the trade a new appreciation for California wines. In 1995, Mike returned to the University of Zagreb at the age of 72 and finally received the degree in enology and viticulture that he earned as a young man. In 2002, he helped prove that the Zinfandel vine originated in Croatia. His work led to his induction into the Vintners Hall of Fame and a Lifetime Achievement Award from the California State Fair. His 366 acre property, Grgich Hills, is completely organic, solar powered and strongly supports community organizations. Mike is an active member of Roots of Peace, an organization that works to replace land mines with grape vines all over the world. In 2007, Roots of Peace presented Mike with their Global Citizen Award for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Mr. Miljenko ‘‘Mike’’ Grgich for his achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor him here today with the American Dream Award. HONORING YEHIA ‘‘JOHN’’ SHOUSHER ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Toledo area legend as he celebrates his 90th birthday, Yehia ‘‘John’’ Shousher. An American of Lebanese heritage, a proud U.S. citizen and indefatigable Ambassador of Goodwill, Mr. Shousher has been a oneofa kind Arab American leader in Greater Toledo since he adopted the community as an immigrant to our nation. Yehia, who with his brother ran a real estate investment company and JS Vending, has been a leader in the Toledo community for decades as a civicminded businessman as well as a MultiFaith and MultiCultural Ambassador. Yehia has served as an administrator, public relations representative, and fundraiser in the Muslim community for many years. His generosity has been felt in many homes and organizations in our community. At the same time, he has also focused his efforts on building back hope in his ancestral land of Lebanon. He worked to establish student exchanges, village development and medical education throughout Lebonon’s Bekaa Valley. Yehia was one of the founders of the first mosque in Toledo, which was established in 1954 on East Bancroft Street. After the membership of the Mosque on East Bancroft Street outgrew the location, Yehia helped secure and plan the 48acre campus that has become one of the icons of Perrysburg Township: the mosque and Islamic Center of Greater Toledo, which opened in 1983. The Center has been a fulcrum of the Muslim and Interfaith communities, working to promote freedom and tolerance of religion and, together with his cherished wife Emney, Yehia has been an integral part of its inner workings and work in the larger community. Always involved in events which promote cooperation among the faith and ethnic traditions in our community, Yehia’s dedication to cultural diversity was recognized when he became a 2013 inductee into the Heroes of Compassion Gallery for Toledo. Yehia’s commitment to the Toledo community has been passed on to his children, Hussein, Lila, Mona and Mariam, his 10 grandchildren and his six greatgrandchildren. When I think of John, I see him carrying the flag of Lebanon at the annual Multi Faith Council’s parade of nations at the University of Toledo on Martin Luther King holiday. I see him hospitably greeting guests with his wife Emney at events throughout our community welcoming new citizens. He has been instrumental in inviting religious leaders and public officials from throughout the world to visit Toledo and built our community into a place of gracious welcome. I see him setting up exchange programs for students from Arab speaking countries to transmit the learning and values of a free society. He graciously took the time to include me on unforgettable travels with his family through the village of his ancestors and adjoining territories. The memories of that journey greatly inform my work. Yehia with Emney at his side, and their bright smiles, have been indefatigable forces 
for good in our community for nearly a century. We wish them well in the coming years and consider our community fortunate to have them among us. The Quran 7:199 teaches, ‘‘Show Forgiveness, Enjoin Kindness, Avoid Ignorance.’’ Yehia ‘‘John’’ Shousher has spent his life on this earth demonstrating this message through word and deed. His legacy is writ large in his faith community, his family, the land of his birth and our region. We celebrate with Yehia as he reaches this milestone birthday of his 90th year. We take this moment to thank him for all he has done for so many in our community, for his leadership, for his efforts to promote mutual understanding and tolerance of diverse cultures and foster acceptance of our differences. Best wishes to both John and Emney as he celebrates this special milestone. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the military service of Major Charles Appleberry of Flat River, Missouri. Major Appleberry was a medical doctor who enlisted in the Army on May 26, 1942 and served until his discharge on January 29, 1946. As a member of the Army Medical Corps, he served in the South Pacific during World War II. He saved many lives, but one particular surgery is recounted in the Chillicothe ConstitutionTribune on November 1, 1944. It tells of how Dr. Appleberry removed a live Japanese 20 millimeter shell from the chest of Private Jackie Miles on the island of Leyte in The Philippines. The newspaper account explains how the doughboy clung to life, ‘‘unaware that the group of tense medics were risking their lives to save him.’’ The article states how Major Appleberry firmly grasped the shell, removed it and safely lifted it to a tray for careful disposal. After the war, Dr. Appleberry returned to St. Francois County to resume his medical career at the Farmington State Hospital and Bonne Terre Hospital until his death in 1984. Those who knew the doctor join with VFW Post No. 5741 in Leadington today to honor him for his 55year career as a physician both at home and at war. I join them in recognizing Dr. Appleberry today before the United States House of Representatives. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Warren B. Roland for his 50 years of service as a Funeral Director in Atlantic, Iowa. Warren was recently honored at the 137th Annual Iowa Funeral Directors Association Convention. Warren grew up in Atlantic where his father was a Funeral Director who served as a President of the Iowa Funeral Directors Association. He admired his father’s dedication to his profession and to his community, which helped influence his decision to pursue a career as a funeral director. Warren is a 1966 graduate of the University of Minnesota and is coowner of Roland Funeral Home in Atlantic. Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate Warren for his many years of dedicated and devoted service to Atlantic, Iowa and the surrounding area. Warren and his staff make a difference by helping and serving others in a time of need. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him for his outstanding service in the funeral industry and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, during consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act of fiscal year 2018 on July 13, 2017, my good friend and colleague Mr. NADLER of New York introduced an amendment to strike section 1022 of the bill prohibiting the use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay to the United States. Though I supported the amendment, I erroneously casted a NO vote (Roll Call Vote No. 359); I intended to vote AYE. I want to make it clear that I support my colleague from New York’s amendment and any other measure that leads to closing the detention centers at Guantanamo Bay. Guantanamo Bay is a stain on American values of justice and due process. Since joining Congress, I have signed onto many pieces of legislation to close the facility. In a previous defense appropriation, I voted for an amendment by Mr. NADLER to prohibit funds to be used to renovate and expand the facility at Guantanamo Bay along with supporting an amendment to close the detention facility that was introduced by Representative Mr. SMITH of Washington. Yesterday, I voted for another amendment introduced by Mr. NADLER to close the facility. I appreciate the opportunity to clarify my record and to reassure my constituents that I maintain my opposition to the continuing operations of the detention centers at Guantanamo Bay. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding individual, Mr. Charles E. ‘‘Charlie’’ Wilson, of Carlisle, Kentucky, for his distinguished military service during World War II. Mr. Wilson, a part of the greatest generation, served our nation in the United States Army. Mr. Wilson was just eighteen years old when he registered for the draft and became a member of the United States Army in 1943, where he served until the end of the war. He was assigned to the 4th Infantry Division just five days before the DDay invasion of Normandy. After clearing Utah Beach, the 4th Infantry Division was sent to liberate Cherbourg. Mr. Wilson served as a forward observer, keeping the infantry safe. During his second rotation to the front, he was injured badly by German shells. The injury left him paralyzed for fifteen days. To this day, Mr. Wilson suffers from pain from this injury. Mr. Wilson returned to his unit and became a tank driver for the rest of the war. On August 25, 1944, Wilson’s 19th birthday, he helped liberate the city of Paris. During the battle of Hurtgen Forest, Mr. Wilson was injured again. He was found halfburied, unconscious, and bleeding. He was treated and rejoined the effort. The Army went on to free all of France and kept pushing the Germans until the war was won. As the end of the war neared, in April 1945, Mr. Wilson helped to identify the Dachau Concentration Camp, saving the lives of many Jewish people. After the war, Mr. Wilson returned home and became an educator. He served as Principal of Nicholas County Elementary School. He has spoken to numerous school classes about his war experiences. Mr. Wilson was invited by the French Government to Normandy in 2014 for the 70th Anniversary of DDay. He returned in 2015 for his third trip to France, where he was awarded the Legion of Honor. Mr. Wilson spoke at the event and his words are recorded in the French archives. The bravery of Mr. Wilson and his fellow men and women of the United States Army is heroic. Because of the courage of individuals from Nicholas County and from all across our great nation, our freedoms have been saved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding American, a patriot, and a hero to us all, f 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the growing national security risk to our overseas military facilities posed by the Russian Federation. For the last three years, we have watched with alarm as Putin’s Russia has adopted an aggressive and adversarial posture towards the U.S. and our allies. Putin armed the so called separatists in eastern Ukraine. He aggressively annexed Crimea. He is intervening in the Syrian Civil War on the side of a brutal dictator. He blatantly threatens allied nations in Europe and close to home we know he used cyber weapons to destabilize our democratic process. Moscow’s hostility to our interests grows stronger and more apparent by the day. The military dimension of Russia’s strategy is obvious and you can see it covered in the nightly news. What is less obvious however is the nonmilitary aspect of Russia’s national strategy. Today one of the most serious 
threats to our European allies—and our military installation in Europe—is Russia’s corner on natural gas and oil. Putin constantly threatens to use these resources as means to exercise political and economic control on those who heavily rely on Russian fuels as their primary source of energy. It is for these reasons that I was proud to join my friend and colleague from South Carolina, Representative JOEWILSON , in shining a light on this threat in the House Armed Services Committee report to accompany the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. Just as we focus on the risk to our forward based troops, aircraft and ships, we must not overlook the risk to the installations from which they operate. The energy we rely on to power these facilities supports our troops, their families, and their vital mission. As a matter of strategy, our military installations overseas require secure and reliable sources of energy. Today in Europe—particularly in Germany—our military facilities receive furnished heat and other utilities from commercial or private power stations. In many cases, these energy facilities are fueled by German natural gas distribution systems which are heavily supplied with natural gas from the Russian Federation. Our growing exposure to Russia’s ability to disrupt our energy supply lines is clearly seen in our network of military installations in Germany. I wish to call attention to one such facility: the U.S. Army’s future medical complex at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, nearby Ramstein Air Base where I was the installation commander. At an authorized cost of nearly $1 billion, this vital new facility will replace the Landstuhl Army Regional Medical Center and serve the combat needs and family requirements of military personnel on three continents. Mr. Speaker, I am gravely concerned that our current energy supply strategy will actually increase our exposure to harmful Russian influence over time. Under no circumstances should we construct and operate critical military installations overseas where the only source of energy comes from Russia. We must take immediate and deliberate steps to adopt a strategy of energy resilience through mixedfuel diversification such that not one single source—such as Russian Federation gas—should serve as a primary supply of energy. It would be financially irresponsible and strategically reckless to appropriate nearly $1 billion for a stateofthe art military medical center to serve our troops and families overseas, only to have the design of the new facility compromise the very reason it exists by relying on the Russian Federation to supply natural gas as the primary fuel source. There are local mixedfuel energy supply options readily available and it would be inexcusable not to make them part of the design of this project. This is good strategy, good economics and just plain common sense. We simply cannot allow ourselves to be put in a situation where Russia has the ability to cut off energy to our forward bases, especially when we could have averted this tragic vulnerability ahead of time. The seriousness of the Russian energy threat to our overseas military installations is addressed in the 2018 House Armed Services NDAA report which directs the Secretary of Defense to make a comprehensive evaluation of these risks and report his findings and recommendations. I am pleased to see my colleagues in the House Appropriations Committee also took up this issue with similar language in the Military Construction Appropriations and Defense Appropriations bills that passed the House. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House and Senate—and especially all Members of the Armed Services and Appropriations Committees—to join me in exercising aggressive oversight of this real and serious threat to our national security. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I inadvertently voted YES on Roll Call Vote 433 and would like to have it reflected that I meant to vote no. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing alongside Rep. DENNIS ROSS of Flor ida, the Housing Accountability Act of 2017 to hold property owners of lowincome housing accountable for poor living conditions. This legislation would require the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to survey tenants living in subsidized housing twice a year about property conditions and management performance and create new penalties for property owners who repeatedly fail the tenant surveys. The Housing Accountability Act comes in the wake of recent local and federal investigations that found deplorable living conditions at several federally subsidizedhousing properties owned by Global Ministries Foundation (GMF) in Memphis, Tennessee and Jacksonville, Florida. For too long, property managers like Global Ministries have taken advantage of HUD’s lack of effective oversight and over dependence on often unreliable thirdparty property inspections, and as a result continue to force our nation’s most vulnerable to live in squalor with impunity. This bill seeks to put an end to these malpractices, hold federallysubsidized property managers to account, and provide HUD the necessary authority and directive to ensure that public housing units are suitable homes for all families, children, and hardworking Americans. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bipartisan, bicameral legislation and do right by the American public. RECOGNITION OF MINNESOTA STATE CAPITOL GRAND REOPENING HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the grand reopening of the Minnesota State Capitol after nearly four years of renovation. Designed by renowned architect Cass Gilbert and inspired by the 1893 Chicago World’s Fair’s White City, an Italian Renaissance city sized exhibit, the Minnesota State Capitol was celebrated as one of America’s finest state houses when it opened in 1905. Now, after nearly 30 years of planning and study, this great building has been reborn through renovation, restoration, and enhancements, including technological improvements. The renovation extends the usable lifespan of the State Capitol by at least another century. The amount of public space has doubled to nearly 40,000 square feet, brand new public meeting rooms line the halls, the public will have more access and seating in hearing rooms, and a new information center for students and educators will enrich school visits. In addition, the renovation has made the State Capitol more accessible to all Minnesotans, especially those with disabilities. When the State Capitol open its doors to Minnesotans this summer, the citizens of my home state will be able tour expanded public spaces, marvel at restored art and craftsmanship, and more effectively participate in our legislative process. Thank you to all the workers for the hours of planning, design, building, and polishing our State Capitol back to its original grandeur. Congratulations to everyone involved. 
JOHN MILLER RETIRES FROM THE UNITED STATES FOREST SERVICE 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding career of John Miller, who will retire from his position as the U.S. Forest Service Public Affairs Officer for the San Bernardino National Forest on July 31, 2017. My office has had the pleasure of working with John over the past four and a half years. On numerous occasions, John demonstrated a willingness to go above and beyond to serve my constituents and forest visitors. He has repeatedly shown his dedication to the Forest Service’s mission and has been instrumental in balancing multiple and sometimes competing uses of the most heavily urbanized forest in the nation. In addition to his work as a public affairs officer, John was the Public Information Officer for a Federal Interagency Management Team and served on the U.S. Forest Service Honor Guard. John is a true professional in every sense of the word, and I wish him the best of luck as he embarks on a new chapter in his life. 
IN CELEBRATION OF JAMES W. PARISH AS 2017 AVIATION PROFESSIONAL OF THE YEAR 
Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the accomplishments of James W. Parish, executive director of the Punta Gorda Airport, who was recently recognized as the 2017 Aviation Professional of the Year by the Florida Department of Transportation. Every year, the Florida Department of Transportation honors one executive member of the aviation community with the title of Aviation Professional of the Year. The recipient is selected based on the management and logistical organization of their airport, as well as the safety and technological advancements that take place under their watch. Mr. Parish earned this award because of the impressive progress that the Punta Gorda Airport has made under his leadership and his overall contributions to the Charlotte County community. During his tenure in Punta Gorda, Mr. Parish elevated the airport from one that only served the general aviation community to one that now offers commercial services and has brought over $200 million dollars into the local economy while serving over 1 million customers. Under his guidance, the airport has modernized and streamlined its safety protocols while still maintaining a lowcost business model. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Mr. Parish and thank him for all that he has done for the Punta Gorda community. He is truly deserving of the Aviation Professional of the Year award, and I am honored to represent him in Congress. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rowan Dumond of Katy, TX, for winning a gold medal for his floor routine at the U.S. Men’s Junior Olympic National Championship. I was both Rowan’s first gold at the Junior Olympics and his first time competing there. The 12yearold competed against 800 of the top junior gymnasts in the country. When not training at the gym, Rowan is also a student at Seven Lakes High School and plays percussion with the band. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Rowan for winning gold at the Junior Olympics. We are very proud of him and look forward to his future success as a gymnast. We’re excited to have him represent TX–22. CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF F. GAVIN˜A & SONS, INC. HON. LUCILLE ROYBALALLARD 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize F. Gavin˜a & Sons, Inc., a coffee company located in my 40th Congressional District of California, in the city of Vernon. The company, one of America’s largest familyowned coffee companies and the nation’s largest privately held minority roaster, celebrates their 50th anniversary in 2017. The history of this coffee company is a story about family. Brothers Jose´Marı´a and Ramo´n Gavin˜a left their native Basque region of Spain in 1870, in search of a better life. They settled in the fertile mountains of southern Cuba and planted the seeds of what would become Gavin˜a Coffee. Don Francisco Gavin˜a was born on the family coffee estate, Hacienda Buenos Aires. As a boy, he worked in the fields with his own father, watching and learning the secrets of growing quality coffee. He spent hours upon hours helping sow the seeds and urging the little plants to grow. The family left Cuba in 1959, and arrived in Los Angeles in 1963, where they put down roots. The family later leased a 1,100 square foot building in Vernon and purchased a small roaster from Bob’s Big Boy restaurant. By June 1967, when they founded F. Gavin ˜a & Sons, Inc., they were roasting, packing and selling Cafe´Gavin˜a Espresso. In the beginning, they focused on producing Cubanstyle coffee, but eventually expanded into other coffees that appealed to Middle Eastern and Vietnamese coffee drinkers. About 35 years later, Gavin˜a’s retail brand, Don Francisco’s Coffee, had become the top selling coffee in Southern California, behind Folgers and Maxwell House. The family began selling their coffee to a small group of McDonald’s restaurants in 1983. In 2005, Gavin˜a created a stronger blend that resulted in a doubledigit increase in the chain’s coffee sales. According to the Los Angeles Times, by 2010, F. Gavin˜a & Sons, Inc. had become a $114 million business and was roasting 40 million pounds of coffee a year. A fifth of their revenue was coming from making and packaging private label coffees for McDonald’s, 7 Eleven, and Costco stores. Gavin˜a coffee brands were being sold in 20 states, and in stores like Ralph’s, Walmart, and Vons / Safeway. Don Francisco’s sons, Paco, Pedro, and Jose´, and his daughter, Leonor Gavin˜aValls, grew up on the plantation and learned about coffee in the fields. Along with their own children, they still personally select beans, cup samples as they arrive, and oversee the specialty coffee roasting and production every day. They do all of this so that their customers and guests can be ensured a wonderful cup of coffee every time, from first sip to final drop. Today, they carry on the dream in their 240,000squarefoot ecofriendly, stateofthe art coffee roasting facility, just a few blocks from their original 1,100 square foot building. Gavin˜a Coffee employs more than 250 people, and services businesses of all sizes—from mom and pop shops to multinational accounts. The company offers four leading U.S. coffee brands: Gavin˜a Gourmet Coffee, Don Francisco’s Coffee, Cafe´La Llave Espresso, and Jose´’s Gourmet Coffee. In honor of their 50th anniversary, Gavin ˜a Coffee created a special Anniversary Blend which is roasted in Los Angeles and uses beans grown on the awardwinning Carmen Estate in Panama´by a third generation coffee growing family. The Anniversary Blend, which entered the market on June 19, 2017, comes in a commemorative tin with a 10ounce bag of ground coffee. Flavor notes in the new blend include caramel, honey, and ripe fruit with a chocolaty finish. Fifty years have brought many changes to the original company, but one thing remains the same: Members of the Gavin˜a family still run the daytoday operations of the company, with a new generation of Gavin˜as poised to continue the pursuit of a great cup of coffee. Gavin˜a Coffee’s 50th anniversary celebration includes: the opening of their first brick and mortar store in downtown Los Angeles, named Don Francisco’s Coffee, Casa Cubana; the special anniversary blend; reaching the goal of 100% zerowastetolandfill; a continued commitment to leaving a greener coffee footprint through their Direct ImpactTM Initiative, which is based on four core pillars of dedication to farmers, sustainable sourcing, environmental sustainability, and social stewardship; continuing to donate coffee to local shelters and missions; and continuing to support organizations such as the Komen Race for the Cure, Avon Walk 39, Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals (CMNH), EnrichLA and the International Women’s Coffee Alliance. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in raising our coffee cups to the Gavin˜a family and F. Gavin˜a & Sons, Inc. as we celebrate their 50 years of success. We look forward to the next 50 with great anticipation. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sherry and Neal Hanley for being named the 2017 Earlham Freedom Fest King and Queen. This award is given to a couple that gives back to the community of Earlham. Sherry and Neal moved to Earlham in 1976 to raise their children and had them attend Earlham schools. Since then, the Hanley’s have served on a number of school projects to help bolster the community. They were on the original Freedom Fest committee and love the parade and how everyone comes together at the park. Both Sherry and Neal serve with the Earlham Lion’s Club and with Early Chapel Christian Church. Neal is also a member of the American Legion and served as commander and chaplain. Mr. Speaker, Sherry and Neal’s hard work embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them and Iowans like them in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Sherry 
and Neal for receiving this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Salem Courthouse Community Center for its outstanding service to New York’s 21st District. Founded by a group of dedicated local citizens, the Salem Courthouse Community Center provides a place for people of all ages to come together. Cognizant of its historic location in the Old Washington County Courthouse, the Center seeks to preserve our region’s history while creating opportunities for individuals to enjoy and strengthen our community in the present. In service of this mission, the Center offers a wide variety of programs that foster artistic expression and community growth. The Center’s many facilities, including a community garden, pottery studio, and public kitchen, host instructive and enriching programs for both children and adults. This summer, the Center has hosted nearly 150 local children in their Lunch, Learn & Play program which provides active and educational fun for its participants. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to thank the Salem Courthouse Community Center for its dedication to bringing our community together. We commend its incredible service, and look forward to its future endeavors. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated member of my staff, Nicholas (Nick) Hromalik, who is leaving this week after serving in many capacities over the past six years. Nick graduated from the University of California, San Diego, in 2009, but he began on the path of public service even earlier, working as an intern for Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN and thenMayor of San Francisco Gavin Newsom while still in college. After graduation, he traveled to Washington to intern for my predecessor in Congress, Lynn Woolsey, and was soon hired to work for the Green the Capitol Initiative at the CAO. In that role, he helped to make the operations of the Capitol complex more sustainable and led outreach efforts to Member offices. Nick was called home to California upon that program’s defunding, joining my team for the first time. Drawing on his deep Petaluma roots, Nick built relationships across the North Bay, meeting with community leaders and learning about local issues. Starting as a volunteer, he ultimately became the field director of my newly announced campaign for Congress. On a break from the campaign, Nick also spent some time in my Assembly district office in San Rafael that year, where he helped constituents with casework, and served as a liaison to organized labor and Sonoma County elected officials. After my election to Congress in November 2012, Nick returned again to Washington, this time as one of my first hires in this office. Since my swearingin in 2013, Nick has served California’s second Congressional district with distinction, staffing me on issues as diverse as health care, agriculture, trade, energy, and education. In the six years I have had the pleasure of working with him, Nick has never lost sight of our mission—to solve problems and make a positive difference—and he has maintained deep connections to California that have served him well in his career. He has championed causes that needed a champion, from special education to clean energy, and he has maintained his good humor and dedication throughout. My family, my staff, and I all wish him and his fiance´e Colleen Kilbride all the best as they travel to Chicago for the next step in their careers. f 
RECOGNIZING THE OPENING OF THE NEW STONEGATE CHRISTIAN ACADEMY CAMPUS 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate StoneGate Christian Academy on the opening of their new school campus, located in Irving, Texas. Founded in 1976 as a ministry of the Shady Grove Church in Grand Prairie, Texas, StoneGate Christian Academy was built to foster the educational and spiritual needs of the prospering communities that made up its congregation. In 2008, the Academy’s board of directors faced the tremendous hardship of having to relocate their campus to two separate buildings, neither of which possessed the facilities to adequately host StoneGate Christian Academy’s growing student body. By the grace of God, StoneGate Christian Academy continued to grow for the next nine years. During this time, StoneGate leased practice venues for its sports teams, band, choir, and drama programs, in order to ensure its students access to their sports and awardwinning fine arts programs. In 2014, word began to spread that the Lakewood Baptist Church in Irving, Texas, was considering selling its property. After two years of discussion and prayer, Lakewood Baptist Church’s board of directors reached a decision to sell the property to StoneGate Christian Academy in December of 2016. For the next seven months, StoneGate worked tirelessly to raise enough finds to complete the purchase of its new academy campus, which includes a schoolyard, auditorium, and gym. Through the tireless efforts of alumni, students, parents, teachers, and staff, StoneGate Christian Academy now has adequate facilities to support its growing student body and sustain this growth well into the future. Today, StoneGate serves as one of the most affordable private Christian schools in North Texas, providing an outstanding education to its students and teaching valuable lessons about community service and civic duty. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize StoneGate Christian Academy and congratulate them on the opening of their new campus in Irving, Texas. I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating StoneGate Christian Academy for this monumental achievement. f 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the annual New Milford Village Fair Days, sponsored and organized by the New Milford Chamber of Commerce. Village Fair Days is the highlight of the summer in New Milford, and the festival brings thousands of people together for two days of shopping, eating, and playing on the town’s village green. Since its inception in 1967, New Milford Village Fair Days has grown to be the largest annual event in New Milford. Bob Hanna, the Chair of the Fair, planned a special way for the community to commemorate five decades of the festival. This year, fairgoers can make a wish and donate to a local nonprofit of their choice at the Wishing New Milford Well. Village Fair Days brings together our community to enjoy live entertainment and games, as well as to connect with local businesses and nonprofit groups. The Kids Fun Run is a fun part of the fair that helps children join in the fun and get active. The New Milford Farmers Market also participates in the fair and helps local farmers meet with thousands of neighbors. I would like to recognize the volunteers who have made Village Fair Days possible for the past five decades. Volunteers’ love for their town and willingness to dedicate their time to make this event possible show the strength of our community in New Milford. Mr. Speaker, New Milford Village Fair Days has brought together our neighbors each summer for five decades. Thanks to the event’s sponsors, organizers, and volunteers, we can look forward to the annual event for many years to come. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor New Milford Village Fair Days here today. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart as flags throughout the Commonwealth are lowered to halfstaff in honor of Clinton County Sheriff’s Deputy Sheriff Stephen Herrold who died unexpectedly on Thursday, July 20. Stephen was 30 years old and had served as a sheriff’s deputy for the last year and a 
half. He and his wife, Kelly, had just welcomed Brock—their first child 10 days before his death. On Wednesday, more than 100 members of law enforcement from near and far lined the auditorium at Central Mountain High School to say goodbye to Stephen. Clinton County Sheriff Kerry Stover said Stephen was the first deputy he’d hired after being elected sheriff. At Stephen’s service, he said: 
He was outstanding. He took his job seriously. . . He served his community. He helped people. He confided in people. He was polite and courteous. He projected law enforcement in a positive way. . . He trusted his heart and he did it right. 
Mr. Speaker, Stephen’s sendoff was aweinspiring, which was a fitting goodbye for a man who served his community with distinction and honor. Stephen will be missed, but his memory will live on forever. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Annie Galloway Queen, a northeast Georgian who recently celebrated her 104th birthday. Annie has been a part of our community since her birth in 1913. She learned to value hard work at an early age, and her life illustrates the strength and diligence that characterizes America’s Greatest Generation. Like many in that generation, Annie and her husband struggled through the Great Depression, which taught them to make the most of what little they had. Rather than mourn their lack of physical possessions, Annie educated her children in the spiritual dimension of life, teaching them to rely on their faith during life’s most challenging seasons. Mr. Speaker, it is a blessing to spend birthdays surrounded by loved ones. I am thankful to know that that is how Annie spent hers— sharing with family and friends the wisdom that she has gained over 104 years. I am honored to be Annie’s neighbor and ask that you join me in wishing her happy 104th birthday. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sam Baldwin of Clarinda, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Sam is a 2017 graduate of Clarinda High School and has earned the 21 merit badges that are required to obtain the honor of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the award. It is a performancebased achievement with high standards that have been wellmaintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by requirements and merit badges as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Sam built a shrine placed near the main entrance of the St. Clare Catholic Church in Clarinda, Iowa as his Eagle Project. The work ethic Sam has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes about his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Sam and his family in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout rank and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his future education and career. f 
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the Town of Davenport on the occasion of its bicentennial. On March 31, 1817, Davenport was established as a new town in Delaware County, New York. It is named for its founder, John Davenport, who first settled there less than a decade earlier and laid down the roots for what would become the vibrant community that exists today. For over 200 years, Davenport has participated in the American story, contributing to our great state and nation. On the weekend of July 29, 2017, the residents of Davenport will hold a welldeserved celebration of its history and accomplishments. In the neighborly and hospitable tradition of Davenport, this bicentennial celebration will reflect the values of this beautiful community, bringing families and residents together to commemorate the town they love and share. I formally thank the Town of Davenport and each of its residents of the past two centuries for their contributions to our Catskills community and our Upstate New York home. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD Dav enport Town Supervisor Dennis Valente’s statement regarding the Town of Davenport’s bicentennial: 
An Anniversary is a time to look back. 200 years seems so long ago. However, a look back over the Town’s history brings the present Davenport community closer together with our ancestors. It is with a good deal of enjoyment that we explore the past and realize the value of the old saying: the more things change, the more things stay the same. The first meeting for the Town of Davenport was in April 1817. The town recognized the need for our community to work together between neighbors and the community at large. The delicate balance of open space and individual property rights was addressed first in regard to free ranged animals. Along these past 200 years the Town has found itself involved in many issues including the establishment of local cemeteries, and community sacrifice in times of war. Immigrants from many countries settled here to be our blacksmiths, work our tanneries, and build our railroads. The work of woman suffrage was engaged by ‘bloomer girls’ at Sexsmith Lake in 1911. Rural electrification of the 1930s was a struggle so similar to the rural internet broadband availability struggle today. The acknowledgment of a shared sense of values, with neighbors long ago, adds purpose to present day community engagement. We are a Town that endeavors to settle conflicts with reasoned engagement and a community that offers a helping hand when the need calls. f YON GOICOCHEA: POLITICAL PRISONER OF THE VENEZUELAN REGIME 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the plight of Yon Goicochea, a 36yearold political prisoner who is being unjustly detained in a Venezuelan prison. On August 29, 2016, Mr. Goicochea was arrested by the Venezuelan secret police because of his role as a leading advocate for a democratic and transparent Venezuela. Over the past decade, Mr. Goicochea has played a crucial part in leading prodemocracy movements in Venezuela. At one point, he even led the prodemocracy opposition party, ‘‘Voluntad Popular.’’ After working for various opposition movements, Mr. Goicochea found himself and his family increasingly under threat by the repressive Maduro regime. Mr. Goicochea made the decision to leave Venezuela with his family in 2013 and come to the United States to pursue a degree in Law from Columbia University. Three years later, Mr. Goicochea returned to Venezuela to fight for freedom, democracy and human rights. Mr. Goicochea has remained in prison since his arrest in 2016. As highlighted in a recent report by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Arbitrary Detentions Group, Mr. Goicochea has been denied the right to due process and subject to brutal forms of solitary confinement. Unfortunately, Mr. Goicochea is only one of thousands to have been unjustly imprisoned by the Maduro regime. The United States must address these egregious human rights abuses by fully implementing and applying additional sanctions against Maduro regime officials who continue to violate the most basic principles of human rights and liberty and who are responsible for the plight of the Venezuelan people. Maduro and his thugs must not be allowed to continue to oppress the people of Venezuela without paying a significant price. We must demand the release of all the political prisoners who have been denied their fundamental human rights. The Venezuelan people have illustrated an unrelenting resolve to bring about a just and democratic Venezuela. Just during the past three months, over ninety people have been 
killed, thousands injured, and hundreds have been subject to politically motivated arrests, as the people of Venezuela have taken to the streets to protest the undemocratic nature of this brutal regime. The United States must stand with Mr. Goicochea, all political prisoners, and the people of Venezuela in their pursuit of a democratic society. 
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 27th Anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, a law that protects the rights of people with disabilities. The Act stands on the principle that no matter one’s disability, whether it be visible or invisible, the Constitution and laws of the United States protect us all. Personally, I appreciate and support how this law protects the rights and opportunities for our wounded warriors. I welcome my colleagues to join me in marking the anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act and its contributions to equal rights in the United States. 
CONGRATULATING DISTINGUISHED YOUNG WOMEN NATIONAL SCHOLARSHIP WINNER AND D.C. RESIDENT SKYE BORK 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating District of Columbia native and resident Skye Bork on being named the 2017 winner of the country’s largest scholarship program for girls, the Distinguished Young Women (DYW) program. Skye was awarded $36,500 in scholarships for her college education. DYW is a 60yearold national scholarship program aimed at encouraging high school girls to develop their full potential through a series of scholastic and creative workshops. DYW allows collegebound high school juniors and seniors the opportunity to participate as long as they maintain at least a 3.0 grade point average. A scholarship is then awarded based upon an interview, academic achievement, talent, selfexpression and physical fitness. DYW is wellknown nationally, and past winners have included television broadcasters Diane Sawyer and Kathie Lee Gifford, and actresses Debra Messing and Kim Bassinger. Skye was selected to win the scholarship from among four finalists from schools in wards throughout the city. She attended the Washington School of Ballet for many years, as well as the Akhmedova Ballet Academy in Maryland. For her talent segment, Skye performed a ballet excerpt en pointe, from Bizet’s Carmen. Skye, the daughter of Shigeko and Tim Bork, is a 2017 graduate with honors from the National Cathedral School. She is the first D.C. resident to be awarded the scholarship in the program’s 60year history, due in large part to the fact that the area chapter of the program remained dormant for 30 years. I would like to thank the D.C. chapter of DYW for reviving the program, and also thank the local businesses who supported the program and donated to the scholarship fund. Skye was proud to announce that she will be attending Columbia University this fall, and, in preparation for the career she would like to pursue in international business and government, she will be studying applied mathematics and economics. The District is very proud of Skye. She will be the national representative of DYW for a year. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Skye Bork on her impressive achievements. f 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of the beloved Roberta Bishop, or to those who knew her, ‘‘Bobbie.’’ Bobbie was a model citizen who dedicated her life to giving back to those in need. Not only did she have a kind spirit and a big heart, she also empowered herself to make a real difference by creating Midwest Service Dogs, a nonprofit in South Bend, Indiana, that helps train and place service dogs and companion dogs. The combination of her love of animals and her desire to give back fueled her participation in multiple charities as well as her work at a local animal clinic. Bobbie strived to make our community a better place, and from her loving family to the many friends she made along the way, her strength in character and compassion for others were hard to miss. Bobbie lived a meaningful life full of love, happiness, and generosity of spirit. I am grateful that her wonderful legacy is sure to live on in the cherished life lessons she taught her children, grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I’m personally thankful for our decadeslong friendship and the impact she had on my life. Our country lost a great human being, and I wish her two sons and extended family all the best. 
HONORING ERIKA FEIN ON HER 88TH BIRTHDAY FOR HER EXEMPLARY RESILIENCE AND STRENGTH 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable life of Erika Fein, a Holocaust survivor who turns 88 years old on August 11, 2017. Her powerful story is an example of resilience, perseverance, and strength in character. Erika was born in 1929 in Yugoslavia, where she lived in a small village with her family. They were torn apart when Yugoslavia was invaded by Germany, Italy, and Hungary in 1941. Erika, her mother, and aunt were taken by the Nazis, and she never again saw her other family members. Over the next four years, she was kept as a prisoner in three different concentration camps. She was first taken to a German labor camp Guben, then shuttled to Auschwitz IIBirkenau in Poland, and finally brought to BergenBelsen in Germany. During the last years of World War II, when she was just a teenager, Erika was forced to participate in a death march, where she ultimately lost her mother and aunt. The Nazi military organized large scale marches to move prisoners to different camps to evade suspicion of mass killings, and to erase any trace of evidence. Nazi soldiers subjected prisoners to starvation, dehydration, and humiliation during inclement weather. Not only did Erika survive these marches as a teenager, but she endured, despite being ripped apart from her family. While at BergenBelsen in Germany, Erika and the other prisoners were finally liberated by the British Armed Forces in April 1945. A few years later, Erika moved to the United States seeking a new beginning in pursuit of the American dream. She married her current husband, and they adopted a son. They later moved to Palm Desert, in my Congressional District, where they live today. Today, I am elated to honor her courage and dedication, as we celebrate her 88th birthday. Her story is a reminder that we must always be steadfast in the fight against intolerance, hate, and injustice. The hardships she overcame are unthinkable, but her strength is admirable. She is truly an inspiration. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize the life of Erika Fein. On behalf of California’s 36th Congressional District, it is with deep respect that I extend my best wishes on her 88th birthday. I wish her and her family all my best in the years to come. Happy Birthday Erika. f 
HONORING DON SIMPSON FOR RECEIVING A SILVER STAR MEDAL FOR HIS COURAGEOUS SERVICE TO OUR NATION 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an outstanding individual from my Congressional District Sergeant Don Simpson of Hemet, California. Because of his commitment to protecting our nation and his fellow service members, Don received a Silver Star Medal. His story is truly an inspiration and today, I want to recognize his exceptional achievements and courage. Don graduated from Hemet High School in 1964 and entered the U.S. Army a few years later. During his service, Don was sent to Vietnam where he served as a rifleman, Radio Telephone Operator (RTO), and squad leader. In February of 1967, Don was a Specialist 4 (SPC) and the RTO for a reconnaissance team that was conducting a sweep of the forward battle area. After disembarking the helicopters, his unit came under intense heavy 
enemy automatic weapons fire. Seeking cover behind a small hedge, SPC Simpson returned fire against the enemy. Over the next hour of intense fighting, SPC Simpson established radio communication with Captain Conlon, Alpha Company Commander, requesting support from helicopter gunships and artillery. Despite continued intense enemy fire, and at great risk to himself, SPC Simpson maneuvered to a position allowing him a better view of the enemy. With complete disregard for his own personal safety, SPC Simpson established direct contact with the Air Force Pilot on station, directing an air strike on the enemy. When the first two air strikes did not fully eliminate the opposing forces, SPC Simpson directed the strike that was dangerously close to himself and his own troops, resulting in elimination of the enemy. During the entire combat event, SPC Simpson maintained communication with higher command, calling additional air support. The engagement resulted in 4 personnel killed in action and 8 wounded in action. His courageous initiative and exemplary professionalism significantly contributed to the successful outcome of the engagement and directly led to the saving of his fellow soldiers’ lives. Specialist 4 Simpson’s unquestionable valor while engaged in military operation involving conflict with insurgent force is in keeping with the finest tradition of the military service and reflects great credit upon himself, the 1st Cavalry Division, and the United States Army. Five years ago, Don discussed his service and this incident with his doctor when getting a VA C&P Exam. The doctor, Mr. Ronnie Immel, contacted Don’s squad leader Sgt. Carl Lawrence and his 1st Sgt. Ralph Cranitz. Both recommended Don for a Silver Star. My office was pleased to partner with them to ensure Don’s service was properly recognized. Together, we worked to find the rest of Don’s chain of command and submit the Silver Star Medal to the Department of the Army. After a few months, Don’s Silver Star Medal was finally received and I was honored to present it to him. Among the many awards he has received for his honorable service are the Army Commendation Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the National Defense Medal, the Valorous Unit Award, and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal with ‘‘60’’ Device. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize and honor Don Simpson. He is indeed a hero whose actions embody the true meaning of valor. I am very proud to have met him. His years of committed service to our nation are an example of excellence and dedication that all should seek to emulate. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JARROD DAUGHERTY AND HIS MEMORY AS A DEDICATED STUDENT AND LOVING SON 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Jarrod Daugherty, a young constituent who unexpectedly passed away in an accident on May 8, 2017. His charisma, energy, and talent will be enormously missed. I had the pleasure of meeting Jarrod when he visited my office in Washington, D.C. earlier this year as part of St. Theresa Catholic School’s tour. I will never forget our conversation. Jarrod was a bright and talented student from my Congressional District. He was born on June 29, 2003, in Indio, CA and spent his childhood in Palm Springs and Cathedral City. He attended Cielo Vista Charter High School and St. Theresa School where he was beloved by his peers and teachers. Outside of school, Jarrod was involved in our local community. He was an active member of the Victory Christian Center and the Palm Springs Youth League Baseball Organization. He was passionate about sports, and his favorite teams were the LA Dodgers, Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Stars, and Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Jarred enjoyed spending time with his family and his dogs. With a smile and a great sense of humor, he brought joy to those who knew him. He was a blessing to his parents, Jarrod and Cassandra, who often referred to him as Jr., Bub, Bubba, or Bubbas. Another one of his nicknames was Country, given his love for country music. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the memory of Jarrod Daugherty. I am grateful for the opportunity to have met such a charming young man and on behalf of California’s 36th Congressional District, I extend my deepest sympathies to his family and loved ones. f 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Texas A&M University Women Former Students Network, known as ‘‘Aggie Women.’’ In the summer of 2007, a group of Aggie women started talking regularly and sharing ideas about ways to give back to Texas A&M University and contribute to its reputation as a worldclass university. The original idea to form the Women Former Students’ Network as a constituent network of the Texas A&M Association of Former Students came to fruition on December 21, 2007. At that time an interim board of directors was formed and the group branded themselves as Aggie Women. Fueled by the excitement of its formation, Aggie Women grew rapidly in its first year. During its inaugural year of operations in 2008, in addition to recruiting nearly 200 charter members, Aggie Women established its first President’s Endowed Scholarship through its ‘‘45 Women Campaign’’, which honored the 45 years of women’s admittance to A&M. The year culminated in an inaugural meeting held November 14, 2008 on the campus of the University. Over 200 members and guests attended this historic day. Special guests included Former First Lady Barbara Bush, an honorary member of Aggie Women; members of the first graduating class of Aggie women; and many officials of Texas A&M University and The Association of Former Students. The first memberelected Board of Directors was seated in January 2009. The mission of Aggie Women is to enhance excellence at Texas A&M University by promoting the active engagement of women in the educational, charitable, and cultural life of the institution. The mission is fulfilled through increased engagement of Women Former Students in academic, research and service activities; through their expanded role as mentors of current women students, and future generations of women students; and through their increased philanthropic ties to the University and The Association of Former Students. The Network strives to value and promote inclusiveness and diversity in the representation of its membership and in all its activities. Aggie Women have raised over $200,000 for President’s Endowed Scholarships, three of which have been awarded, providing women students with needed academic funding. Another Aggie Women initiative is the Eminent Scholar Award which is a joint project of Aggie Women and the President of Texas A&M University. It is designed to recognize outstanding research, scholarship, and service; and it honors the role these extraordinary women play in serving as models for all women students at the University. There have been three recipients of the Eminent Scholar Award and they received significant recognition on campus as well as a monetary stipend. Over 400 students have been reached through Aggie Women’s mentoring program. The program, known as ‘‘JumpStart,’’ is a unique and engaging initiative in which Aggie Women partner with student organizations to provide tailored programs that are flexible in topics and length. The ‘‘Aggie Women Legacy Awards’’ program has honored thirty women to date who have achieved excellence as an Aggie student or Former Student, and whose accomplishments have had an impact on future generations of Aggie Women worldwide. Aggie Women who have received this award often go on to achieve Outstanding Alumni recognition from the Association of Former Students and the University. Over fifty Aggie Women have signed up for another sponsored program entitled ‘‘Aggie Experts.’’ This endeavor engages Aggie Women in roles throughout the University by providing leadership and speaking opportunities for dynamic women to give back the University through their vast experience. At an annual reception, Aggie Women honor those women achieving top student leadership positions, including the Texas A&M Corps of Cadets and Student Government. Throughout each academic year, they also provide monthly programs for students on a variety of topics—chosen by the students themselves. Mr. Speaker, Aggie Women are working tirelessly to continue the Aggie core values of Excellence, Integrity, Leadership, Loyalty, Respect, and Selfless Service. As an allvolunteer organization, Aggie Women continues to rely on the contributions of time, talent, and treasure of its board, its members and supporters. Together, they are building a legacy of strong women role models for all students— female and male—who come after them. My wife, Gina, and I, as well as all of the Aggie Network, are proud to honor Aggie Women today. We thank them for their hard work and commitment to making Texas A&M University a better place for current, former, and future Texas Aggie students. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over our nation’s Capitol today to 
honor the Texas A&M University Women Former Students Network. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us in our communities. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Alberto Patricio Cardenas of Laredo, Texas, who proudly served the people of Laredo in public and higher education for nearly fortyfour years. Alberto Patricio Cardenas was born on March 17th, 1937 in Laredo, Texas. After graduating from high school at the age of 16, Alberto began his studies at The Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas where he would successfully graduate in four years with a degree in history and as a member of the Corps of Cadets. After college, Alberto began a 13year career with the Laredo Independent School District, where he taught students at Urbahn Elementary, Lamar Middle School, Nixon High School, and Martin High School. He earned his Master of Education degree from Texas A&M University and thereafter was recruited to be a faculty member of Laredo Junior College where he would meet the love of his life, Maria de la Luz. Mr. Cardenas spent the next 31 years serving as a counselor and eventually Director of the Counseling and Assessment Center at Laredo Community College. He influenced thousands of students by helping them navigate their degree plans, personal challenges, and by teaching multiple courses. He also raised money for scholarships, organized school floats for parades, and counseled student organizations. Mr. Cardenas lived a long and service filled life. Not only was he an accomplished educator, but a dedicated community leader. He served in the United States Air Force Reserve, on the Board of Directors and as President of the Laredo Boys & Girls Club, as President of the Laredo Chapter of the International Good Neighbor Council, and on the LaredoWebb County Child Welfare Board. He also was a member of the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulcher of Jerusalem for 15 years, achieving the rank of Knight Commander with Star. Above all, Alberto was a committed husband and father to Maria de la Luz (Lucy) Rodriguez and their three children Cristina Doda, Alberto Jr., and Maradelle Lilliam. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize and honor Alberto Patricio Cardenas for his many years of service to the city of Laredo. CELEBRATING DR. DALE HEASTON’S DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Dale Heaston of Richland, Washington for being awarded the American Optometric Association’s 2017 Distinguished Service Award. This award signifies aboveandbeyond service in the field of optometry, which Dr. Heaston exemplifies. Since graduating from the Illinois College of Optometry, Dr. Heaston has been providing quality care to patients in Central Washington and ensuring that the needs of underserved communities are met. He has advocated on behalf of optometrists at both the state and national levels, working with local and state organizations to educate communities about vision and eye health and to create public awareness of the profession. He has worked with lawmakers across Washington State to promote legislation that supports optometry and currently serves as a Federal Legislative Keyperson for the American Optometric Association. Dr. Heaston’s dedication and contributions to his profession are admirable and right to be recognized. Please join me in celebrating his accomplishments and congratulating him on this award. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Roberta Carpenter from Adair County Health System in Greenfield, Iowa. Roberta was awarded the 2017 DAISY Award at a ceremony earlier this spring. Roberta is always willing to step up and take on additional responsibilities with the management of EMS as well as her duties in the Emergency Department. She has been instrumental in implementing programming to increase patient satisfaction and takes every opportunity to serve her patients well with empathy and great care. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Roberta for receiving this award and for providing excellent patient care in Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District. I am proud to represent her and all the members of the Adair County Health System in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Roberta and in wishing her nothing but continued success. IN MEMORY OF FIRST SERGEANT MARGARET BARKER HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of First Sergeant Margaret Barker, an honored veteran who passed away just last week. Sergeant Barker was a highlyrespected service woman and a loved community member, and she would have been 100 years old this August. Raised in Boston, Massachusetts, Sergeant Barker was the third eldest in a family of nine children. When World War II broke out, Sergeant Barker felt called to serve this nation she loved and enlisted in the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps in 1942. She was sent out to Angel Island just off the coast of San Francisco and moved on to Fort McDowell, where she served until the War ended as a First Sergeant in charge of one of the first allfemale, allblack companies in the Army. In 2015, Mrs. Barker traveled to Washington, D.C. with 19 other World War II veterans to view the national war memorial and be honored, and she was the only woman in the group. Sergeant Barker was a trailblazer and a maverick, serving with grace and distinction in a time when forces were still segregated and gendered. Her devotion to duty and her Company earned her the nickname ‘‘Top’’ in the Military, a name usually given to Sergeants for their commitment to especially caring leadership. This is just one instance of her selflessness, and how highly she valued those around her. Sergeant Barker was known for her warmth and resilience, which is reflected in the close relationships she shared with her family. After serving in the Military, Mrs. Barker returned to her home in Boston, where she then married longtime friend, Vernon Barker, who was a fellow service member. Together, they decided to move to California, where they started their family and made their home in our community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and remembering Sergeant Margaret Barker, whose strength and steadfastness identifies her as a role model to us all. Her generous and always kind spirit will live on in the hearts and lives of everyone she touched, and I extend my deepest condolences to her children, Gail and Beverly, and the rest of her family. May God bless her soul and her family. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today, July 28, 2017, a Celebration of Life was conducted for Dr. Frank S. Moore at New Covenant Presbyterian Church with services by Pastor Drew Kornreich. A resident of Aiken, South Carolina, for 25 years, Dr. Moore was a dedicated family man, beloved member of the community, and respected nuclear physicist. He will be greatly missed. 
The following thoughtful obituary was appropriately published in the Aiken Standard on June 20, 2017: 
Frank S. Moore Jr., Ph.D., passed away Monday, July 24, 2017 at his residence at the age of 81. Dr. Moore was born July 25, 1935 in Norfolk, VA to the late Frank S. Moore Sr. and the late Margaret Moore. He received his undergraduate degree from HampdenSydney College, his Master’s degree from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, and his Doctorate from the University of Georgia. He has been a resident of Aiken for the past twentyfive years. Dr. Moore retired as a Nuclear Physicist at the age of 70 from Westinghouse at the Savannah River Site. He was an avid marksman and runner all his life. In addition to his parents, Dr. Moore was preceded in death by his sister, Mary Mac Moore. He is survived by his beloved wife, Kathleen Moore; two daughters, Elizabeth Corneluis (David) and Martha Ruthven (KT.); two sons, Christopher Moore and Matthew Musolf (Michelle); and four grandchildren, Allison Corneluis; Michael Corneluis, Dylan Crowell, and Jacob Crowell. Funeral services will be held at 3:00 PM Friday, July 28, 2017 at New Covenant Presbyterian Church with Pastor Drew Kornreich officiating. Interment will follow in Southlawn Cemetery. Pallbearers will be Elmer Wilhite, Don Drinkwater, John Cook, Ken Odell, Jim Harris, and Claude O’Donovan. The family will receive friends beginning one hour prior to the services at the church. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be directed to the Can Hope Foundation, PO Box 3694, Aiken, SC 29802. f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF DR. MARY R. STAUFFER 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Mary R. Stauffer on her upcoming 100th birthday, which will be celebrated on August 27, 2017, in Downey, California. Born in Toledo, Ohio on August 26, 1917, to Amelia and Reverend Henry Schuh, Mary Ruth Schuh was raised in a home of three generations of Lutheran ministers. At age six, she started teaching Sunday school. Her early teaching experience and involvement with the church introduced her to a lifelong interest in education and philanthropy. Mary loved reading and studying, and in 1935, she was the class valedictorian of Bexley High School, near Columbus, Ohio. With a scholarship, she attended Capital University, a Lutheran College. By working as an unpaid assistant for a pathologist at White Cross Hospital, she gained invaluable experience and a glowing recommendation for medical school. She graduated summa cum laude from Capital University in 1939. Mary was admitted to Ohio State University Medical School, where she was one of just five women in a class of 75. She graduated top of her class on April 15, 1943. Concurrent with her MD, she earned her MS in Pathology by applying the first electron microscope in the U.S. to biological research. On December 18, 1943, she married a co resident in pathology, Dr. Floyd (Dal) Stauffer, a scholar and an athlete. Dal was commissioned into the Navy on their wedding day and reported to duty in Bremerton, Washington, on January 1, 1944. In Bremerton, Dr. Mary completed her residency, but just when she opened her own practice, Dal was transferred to Pensacola, Florida. In 1953 after Dal completed his service in the Navy, the family moved, and settled in Downey, California. After briefly working as a physician for the Los Angeles Unified School District, Dr. Mary Stauffer opened her own OB–GYN practice and in 1954 joined the Downey Community Hospital Medical Staff. As her practice grew, she always kept Tuesday and Thursday afternoons open for her five children’s activities. Dr. Mary Stauffer was one of the first obstetricians to offer expecting mothers an educational program. Based on Grantly DickRead natural childbirth (before Lamaze), she developed a series of three lectures. The third was held with spouses at her home and included an 8mm film of her delivering twins. In 1976, after delivering babies for 23 years in Downey, she transitioned into general practice. In 1972, Dr. Mary was chosen Chief of Staff at Downey Community Hospital. In 1987, with a donation of $100,000, she was the first physician to qualify as a member of the Founders Gallery of the hospital. She hoped to be the first of many. Dr. Mary’s other honors include the 1983 Ohio State Medical School Alumni Achievement Award, the 1997 Distinguished Service Award from Capital University, and the 2007 Delta Kappa Gamma Chi State Distinguished Public Service Award. She was also named California State ‘‘Woman of the Year’’ in 1998 by California State Senator Betty Karnette and in 2010 by State Senator Hector De La Torre, and was a 2012 Downey High School Hall of Fame Honoree. In 2007, Dr. Mary was one of the founding directors of the Columbia Memorial Space Center. Later she rescued an Apol lo capsule from unclaimed freight to become the center’s welcoming icon. In 2014, the Downey Unified School District renamed West Middle School the Mary R. Stauffer Middle School. In 1993, her passions for education and philanthropy came together in the Mary R. Stauffer Foundation, a private educational foundation she established to give back to Downey, the community where she had had a successful medical practice. On June 30, 1997, at nearly 80 years old, Dr. Mary retired from her medical practice and became the full time CEO of her educational foundation. Since starting the foundation almost 25 years ago, she has donated well over $5 million for innovative educational projects in the Downey Unified School District and scholarships for Downey students. Among the projects that the foundation helped with initial startup funds are Academic Olympics for middle schools; Project Lead the Way; Robotics Clubs; and Character Counts, a citywide program. The foundation invites teachers annually to propose grants for creative projects, such as a Cooking Cart with lessons in math and science. Other projects have become traditions and encourage use of local resources, such as the Autry Museum and the Mission Control Program at the local Space Center. In the 2016–17 school year, over 800 students received these nowtraditional merit awards: Junior 4.0 GPA; ScholarAthlete for students who have lettered in a sport with a 3.5 GPA (created by Dal, Mary’s late husband); and the Stauffer Scholar award to start a college savings plan for 4.0 GPA 6th and 7th graders. In the same year, 90 students received scholarships to attend community college or trade school. Dr. Mary’s favorite saying is ‘‘be the best you can be.’’ Her decision that the Mary R Stauffer Foundation will continue in perpetuity will carry on her legacy of helping to make Downey students the best they can be. On Sunday, August 27th, the community will celebrate Dr. Mary’s birthday at the Columbia Memorial Space Center. A full program will commemorate this momentous occasion with local school projects throughout the facility, special guests, and, of course, a birthday cake. Light refreshments will also be provided by the culinary arts students of the local Downey schools. Congratulations to Dr. Mary Stauffer and her family: sons Jim and John; daughters Dorothy Knight, Judi Saunders, and Janet Suzuki; granddaughters Dawn Martens, Diane Saunders, Katherine Rieth, Mary Owens, Jessica Stauffer, and Jordan Nichols; and great grandsons Phoenix Rieth and Quillan Owens. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in thanking Dr. Mary R. Stauffer for her many years of enriching the lives of others so they can be the best they can be, and wish her a very Happy 100th Birthday. f 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Karim Farishta of Sugar Land, TX, for receiving a Fulbright award to do research in Sri Lanka. A graduate of George Washington University and a Truman Scholarship recipient, Karim is focused on the core of youth engagement, urbanization and reconciliation. Prior to leaving for Sri Lanka, Karim worked for the White House and was one of the youngest political appointees in the Obama Administration. Each year the Fulbright Program grants students the opportunity to study, research or teach English abroad in an effort to internationalize communities and campuses around the world. Fulbright scholars focus on the conditions and challenges differing regions face, as well as building valuable U.S. relationships. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Karim for receiving this Fulbright award. Keep up the great work. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Collins of Shenandoah, Iowa on the occasion of her 103rd birthday. Mary was born on July 30, 1914. 
Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Mary’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Mary has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty six Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mary in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 103rd birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mary on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
HONORING DR. WANDA WILSON, CRNA, MSN, PHD, CEO OF THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF NURSE ANESTHETISTS 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Dr. Wanda Wilson, CRNA, MSN, PhD, of Cincinnati, Ohio. Dr. Wilson will soon complete her tenure as the CEO of the American Association of Nurse Anesthetists (AANA) whose headquarters are located in my district. I am proud that Dr. Wilson has led the AANA as their CEO and Executive Director since 2009, a job she began after serving as President of the AANA in 2007. She has been an extremely effective leader on behalf of her CRNA colleagues. Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) are advanced practice registered nurses who administer approximately 43 million anesthetics to patients each year. CRNAs practice in every setting in which anesthesia is delivered: traditional hospital surgical suites and obstetrical delivery rooms; critical access hospitals; ambulatory surgical centers; the offices of dentists, podiatrists, ophthalmologists, plastic surgeons, and pain management specialists; and U.S. military, Public Health Services, and Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare facilities. Prior to her time at the AANA, Dr. Wilson enjoyed a career as the nurse anesthesia educational program director and professor of clinical nursing for the University of Cincinnati’s College of Nursing, Nurse Anesthesia Major. The highly regarded Cincinnati program includes a primary clinical site at the University Hospital in Cincinnati, where she maintained her clinical skills while directing the education of 28–32 nurse anesthesia students per year. Dr. Wilson received her doctorate degree in nursing science and physiology and a master’s degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati. She also earned a bachelor’s degree in nursing and a bachelor’s degree in science from the University of Cincinnati; her nurse anesthesia diploma from Cincinnati General Hospital; and her nursing diploma from Holzer Medical Center in Gallipolis, Ohio. During her time as CEO of the AANA, Dr. Wilson has been a prominent advocate for patients, practitioners and students of nurse anesthesia before federal agencies and members of Congress. She has worked tirelessly to promote anesthesia patient safety and the value of CRNAs to our healthcare system, recognition of CRNAs as Full Practice Providers in the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), proper implementation of the provider nondiscrimination, and appropriate recognition of the full scope of CRNA practice including pain management and related services in Medicare. I extend my sincere congratulations to Dr. Wilson today on a job well done. Her service to the AANA, her patients, and her students and her commitment to advancing the nurse anesthetist profession as a leader, educator and advocate are unrivaled. f 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a leader in the Hispanic, small business community of my congressional district in Omaha, Nebraska. A Nebraska immigrant, Mr. Antonio ‘‘Tony’’ Vega’s career of entrepreneurship and mentorship is recognized through his commitment to service and upholding the values of hard work. Mr. Vega was born and raised in Zapotla ´n El Grande, a city about 80 miles south of Guadalajara, in Mexico. He was raised by a single mother who considered his education to be her highest priority. She sacrificed greatly for his higher education by immigrating to the United States to earn enough money to pay for Tony’s education back in Mexico. Tony also attributes his strong morals, values and work ethic to his grandparents, who influenced him during his childhood. As a result, Tony successfully completed a Bachelor’s Degree in Tourism and Travel Management at the Universidad de Guadalajara in 1987. Following graduation, Tony’s first job was with the State of Jalisco tourism agency as the Deputy Delegate, overseeing 16 counties and developing relations with all county dignitaries. He later became the Director of Small Business Development for his hometown of Zapotla´n El Grande, where he was the coordinator for the annual festival Feria Zapotla ´n, which runs during the entire month of October with a variety of cultural activities and national attractions. In 1994, he immigrated to the United States to reside in San Gabriel, CA. It was there that he met a wholesale leather goods distributor who taught him about Hispanic, small businesses. Mr. Vega worked Monday through Friday at Arambula Hats. During the weekend, he explored ways to develop more efficient shipping routes throughout the pacific coast from Southern California to Oregon. Tony came to Omaha, Nebraska in 2000 to work as an administrator at Plaza Latina. Mr. Vega implemented a new management style for retail through an inventive strategy of connecting small businesses in a single retail, onestop location. His concept was praised by the owners of Plaza Latina, who offered to sell the whole business and building to Mr. Vega along with a 5year financing deal, requiring no lawyers be involved. This led Mr. Vega to construct an incubator for a Hispanic, small business. Using the small retail spaces and resources at Plaza Latina, new entrepreneurs had an opportunity to succeed within one community and location. This concept for small business development caught the attention of Dr. Jonathan BenjaminAlvarado, a faculty member at the University of Nebraska—Omaha, who wanted to know more about Mr. Vega’s modern marketing and business approach. Dr. Benjamin Alvarado brought the University of Nebraska’s College of Business’ students from all campuses to experience his business concept. This partnership was the initial catalyst that led to the success of the many businesses that Tony helped. In 2005, the Hispanic business community in South Omaha started to take off and the first major bank moved into the area. First National Bank of Omaha broke ground on a new Spanishspeaking branch, solely focused on Hispanic clients and businesses along the 24th Street corridor. This would eventually become the main financier in South Omaha. The move by the bank was initially received with reluctance by local Latino business. However, due to the quick actions of Mr. Vega, seven core businesses gathered for a meeting at Guacamaya Restaurant on the 2nd of March. Mr. Vega proposed the local Hispanic Business Community integrate with the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce (USHCC). On April 7, 2005 by unanimous vote, Mr. Vega’s Hispanic Business Group became a member of the USHCC and grew from 7 Hispanic businesses to 28 in their first month. Tony became the first President of the Nebraska Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and held the position for the first 3 years. He paved the way for the current business model of incubating, developing and empowering small business success. Today, Mr. Vega is the owner of Factor Latino magazine. Published monthly in Spanish, it is catered to the Latino and Hispanic business community leaders in Nebraska. An avid fan of Mexican Lucha Libre (Wrestling) since childhood; he is the founder and President of Midwest Mexican Wrestling. Additionally, he created TV Latina Nebraska to serve the online Latino community. It is a platform that provides coverage on local politics, community support programs and leaders within the Hispanic community in Omaha. Mr. Vega is happily married to the love of his life, Eliana Ortiz since 1992. He is a father to three boys: Braulio, Omar and Nicola ´s, and two girls: Jessica and Grecia. His everyday passions include communications, road trips, Mexican wrestling and hosting gatherings of friends and family. I am proud to recognize all of Mr. Vega’s accomplishments and am confident that he will continue to inspire and enhance the Hispanic, small business community in Nebraska. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor four northeast Georgians 
who recently completed time abroad as part of the Fulbright Scholar Program. Established in 1946, the Fulbright Program has given more than 370,000 American students the opportunity to step out of their comfort zones in order to live and study in a different country. The travels that these young Americans have embarked on each year highlight our nation’s commitment to expanding our knowledge and building relationships. I would like to recognize the following four Fulbright recipients: Franziska Brunner, Kimberly Buice, Isaac Hopkins, and Dr. Mihai Spariosu. This past year, these four scholars lived in Austria, Laos, Canada, and Romania, respectively, studying topics ranging from literature to music. These students teach us that instead of fearing the unknown, we should commit ourselves to seeking it out. As Fulbright Scholars, these individuals returned with a newfound appreciation for different cultures and new ideas about how we can cultivate strong ties with others all across the globe. It is an honor to represent these bright, young scholars. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a longtime resident of my district, Mrs. Helen Liu, as she celebrates her 100th birthday surrounded by family and friends. Mrs. Liu spends her days embodying the qualities of kindness, generosity, and selflessness, all of which have been gained after many years spent as a mother and a woman of faith. She was born August 19, 1917 in a small village outside the city of Tangshan, China. The youngest of six children—three older brothers and two older sisters—Helen found a passion in pursuing higher education in an environment that discouraged it. After completing her exams at Shen Hung Girl’s High School, Helen was accepted to two prestigious universities: Yanjing University in Beijing and Nankai University in Tianjin. In order to remain close to her family, Helen attended school in Tianjin. It was here where she later met and married her husband, Yung Kwei Lui, on April 7, 1941. Helen and her husband raised a beautiful family of four, two sons and two daughter, one of which she currently spends her days with in the City of Montclair. In her spare time, Helen teaches bible study and the lessons she has learned throughout her long, but fulfilling life. Many of these lessons are well documented in her autobiography. When asked her opinion of such a monumental celebration, Helen said she finds it difficult to believe that she has lived to see 100 years. She only hopes to see many more. For her endless dedication to her family and her community, and for being an example of love and kindness, I would like to recognize Mrs. Helen Liu, proud American citizen, and wish her a very Happy Birthday. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF DESIREE LANGSTON CARN HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Mrs. Desiree Langston Carn, a revered member of our Toledo community. Mrs. Carn passed from this life on June 26, 2017 surrounded by her family. Desiree Langston Carn graduated from Jesup W. Scott High School in 1973 and earned her Bachelor’s Degree from the Ohio State University and a Master’s Degree from Bowling Green State University in guidance and counseling. She served the Toledo community and touched the lives of countless students as a Counselor, retiring after 34 years from the Toledo Board of Education. Her compassion, her smile, and her words of wisdom guided many young people on paths forward. Desiree had a beautiful voice which she used in worship at Jerusalem Missionary Baptist Church in Toledo. So special was her gift, that a citywide musical celebration was held at the church as part of her homegoing. Desiree leaves to cherish her memory her husband, Ernest Carn, Jr., her sons Jamal and Jasyn, her five grandchildren, her mother, Elzena Langston, her brother Calvin Thompson, her sister Antoinette Langston, and many loving relatives. We offer them our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonderful memories of what Desiree had meant to each of the people who shared in her life. Psalm 59: 16–17 sings, ‘‘But as for me, I shall sing of Your strength; Yes, I shall joyfully sing of Your loving kindness in the morning, For You have been my stronghold and a refuge in the day of my distress. O my strength, I will sing praises to You; For God is my stronghold, the God who shows me loving kindness.’’ Desiree Langston Carn shared this message through her angelic voice. Now she joins the Angels in song. Desiree led a full life and gave so much to all those who knew her. Her legacy grows in the wisdom she shared and the hope she inspired in the young people she counseled. Her voice still shines as it is carried forth. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Judge Alvin James ‘‘Ben’’ Morales, who proudly served the people of Laredo for more than 20 years. Judge Ben Morales was born in 1950 in Taylor, Texas. He graduated from Taylor High School and joined the United States Army during the Vietnam War. After he was honorably discharged, Judge Morales completed his studies at Southwest Texas State University with a bachelor’s degree in political science and history. After college, Judge Morales married Liz Gamez. They then moved to Houston where he pursued a degree at Thurgood Marshall School of Law, graduating in 1979. After passing the bar exam Judge Morales moved his family to Laredo, where he started a career as an attorney before serving as a judge, a position he held for over twenty years. Judge Morales was a widely respected and admired judge and individual. Among his many achievements, he launched Webb County’s firstever juvenile drug court program in 2013. He also served as a member of the American Judge’s Association, as a Chairman of the Webb County Bail Bond Board, and as an Assistant Webb County Attorney. In 2014, Judge Morales retired, and he and his wife moved to Pflugerville to be closer to their daughters, friends, and extended family. Judge Morales is survived by his loving wife Liz Morales and two daughters Marisa Morales and Raquel Leal. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize and honor Judge Morales for his years of service to the city of Laredo. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lois Hockabout of Tabor, Iowa on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Lois was born on August 9, 1917. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Lois’ life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the Internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Lois has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty five Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Lois in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Lois on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
HONORING CYNTHIA K. DOHNER FOR 24 YEARS OF SERVICE AT THE U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the public service career of Cynthia K. Dohner. Cindy served the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service with distinction and honor for more than 24 years and will leave the Service on August 30, 2017. Cindy’s love of the outdoors began while fishing Pennsylvania’s Susquehanna River 
with her father and tagging along on his deer hunting trips. It was at this point in her life that she knew that she wanted to make a positive difference. Those experiences set her on a course that led to a bachelor’s degree in marine biology, a master’s degree in fisheries and aquaculture, and a long career protecting fish and wildlife and the untamed places upon which they depend. Cindy made conservation her career. She has worked for a private environmental consulting firm and held positions in several state and federal agencies before joining the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in 1993. Prior to her time in the Southeast Region, Cindy worked with the Service’s Division of Fish Hatcheries and as the Branch Chief for Recovery and Consultation in Washington, D.C. She came to Atlanta in 1999 to serve as the Assistant Regional Director for Ecological Services and later served as Deputy Regional Director. For the last seven years, Cindy has led the Southeast Region in a daily mission to make a difference for fish, wildlife, plants and the people who live and work in communities across the region. As Regional Director, she provided vision and leadership for more than 1,300 employees in 10 southeastern states, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and has continuously worked toward producing successful management solutions that have positively influenced our national conservation efforts. On any given day, you are just as likely to find her working with employees and partners on issues as big as the restoration of Louisiana’s coast and as small but no less consequential as the partnership work and proactive conservation that led to removing the Georgia aster from the list of candidate species under the Endangered Species Act. I witnessed Cindy’s dedication to protecting and conserving America’s natural resources firsthand while working together with her to restore Louisiana’s coast and the Gulf of Mexico following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. At the time of the spill in 2010, she led an extraordinary effort to respond to this unprecedented event that deployed thousands of employees to stations in four Gulf Coast states over the first year. Additionally, she was instrumental in securing funds to rebuild Brenton Island—an area that has provided protection for our bird habitat as well as fishing habitat for Louisiana’s saltwater anglers. Whether the need was simple or more complicated, she worked tirelessly to solve a host of environmental and economic needs. While serving as the Department of the Interior’s Authorized Official for the Deepwater Horizon Natural Resource Damage Assessment and Restoration, Cindy was a committed partner to the State of Louisiana and the other Gulf states in working collaboratively to help us get on the right path to repairing our ecosystem, and restoring the Gulf’s abundant natural resources and the economy its people depend upon. She is recognized throughout the Southeast as an honest partner and innovative conservation leader. Under her leadership, the region has joined forces with states, private landowners, other federal agencies, the Department of Defense, and several sectors of industry and business including energy, timber, and finance among others to find creative ways to conserve fish and wildlife resources. This collaboration has resulted in notable conservation successes including removing the Louisiana black bear from the endangered species list, upgrading the status of the West Indian manatee and wood stork and precluding the need to list more than 100 fish, wildlife, and plants petitioned for federal protection in the past seven years. She worked closely with many partners to restore more than one million acres of bottomland hardwood habitat in the South and reverse the decline of longleaf pine forests so critical for migratory birds and wildlife in decline. Her recognition of the little things to build lasting relationships that so often have big implications and make conservation success possible on larger scales is something I will miss. I commend Cindy for her desire to make a lasting difference and hope the Service will continue to build on her outstanding conservation legacy. I speak for myself and I think for many policymakers, business leaders, and lovers of the outdoors when I say Cindy Dohner and her passion for wildlife will be missed. I appreciate the many years of public service she has to the Southeast Region and people that call Louisiana home and make it a Sportsmen’s Paradise. I ask that my colleagues join me in expressing our deepest appreciation and gratitude for her public service and wishing Cindy success and happiness in her future endeavors. 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN KELMENDI FOR HIS WORK WITH THE METRO DETROIT COMMUNITY 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. John Kelmendi for his career as an educator and involvement in the southeast Michigan community. Mr. Kelmendi has been a dedicated advocate for students during his career with the Detroit Public Schools and involvement with local community groups. Mr. Kelmendi, a native of Albania, began his career with Detroit Public Schools in 1993 and established a reputation as a dedicated teacher invested in the success of his students. Mr. Kelmendi initially taught social studies to students at Pershing High School and became curriculum leader of the school’s social studies department in 2003. In this role, Mr. Kelmendi helped coordinate the staff and manage the instructional material in the social studies department. He also served as an instructional specialist, where he helped observe and evaluate other educators in addition to teaching students. Mr. Kelmendi’s work with the students at Pershing resulted in significant improvements in academic achievement, including a strong upward trend in social studies test scores relative to other DPS students. Mr. Kelmendi’s time as an educator and community activist was critical to improving student achievement and establishing a culture of excellence within the social studies department at Pershing High School. As a result of his actions, Mr. Kelmendi received a lifetime achievement award from Detroit Public Schools and was wellknown for his passion for teaching. Additionally, he was active in the Metro Detroit Community, having served as a member of Detroit’s SchoolCommunity Relations Committee, which helped establish and improve collaboration between the DPS academic community and residents of Detroit. Mr. Kelmendi went above and beyond what was expected in the classroom and the community, and his efforts are worthy of commendation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. John Kelmendi for his work as an educator and in the Metro Detroit community. Mr. Kelmendi’s actions have impacted countless lives. f 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an important Hoosier institution, the Boy Scouts of America Troop 533 from Munster, Indiana, which is celebrating its ninetieth anniversary this year. Boy Scout Troop 533 was organized in 1927 by Mr. Maury Kraay, an eighth grader attending Munster Public Schools. He gathered classmates, local boys, and a retired school principal to form Munster’s Boy Scout Troop. Troop 533 was present on June 14, 1927 when President Calvin Coolidge dedicated Wicker Park in Highland, Indiana. The Troop was also heavily involved in the World War II effort by organizing parades and rallies for war bonds, planting and maintaining gardens for local consumption, practicing blackout drills, carrying warden messages and reports to sector headquarters, and participating in wartime recycling programs. More recently, Troop 533 organized Cub Scout Packs in Munster elementary schools in the 1960s. In 1982, the Troop presented the colors during the dedication of the first Munster Town Council meeting in the town’s newly constructed municipal complex, and began leading the Independence Park Fourth of July Parade a year later—an honor it still holds today. During the Little Calumet River flooding in 2008, Troop 533 assisted with filling sandbags to protect public and private property and later helped with yard cleanup, raking, moving dirt, and regraveling driveways after the flood waters subsided. Troop 533 has positively influenced countless Munster families by leading many boys to success, including producing over 100 Eagle Scouts. The scouts and their adult leaders have long served the community in which they live and love. They have lived by the Boy Scout Oath and Motto, and my hometown of Munster is better for having Troop 533 a part of the community. Mr. Speaker, as a proud father of a young Cub Scout, I am honored to congratulate Munster Boy Scout Troop 533, on its ninetieth anniversary and look forward to their continued service to fellow Hoosiers and our nation. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ijezie Ikwuezunma of Richmond, TX, for receiving a Fulbright award to do research in the UK. Ijezie, a student at Washington and Lee University, was awarded a Fulbright grant for his project, ‘‘Cardiovascular Pharmacogenomics and Pharmacokinetics of Warfarin (an oral anticoagulant).’’ His research will be based around cardiovascular agents and their pharmacology, with a particular focus on the drug warfarin. While completing his Fulbright, Ijezie will also be pursuing his Masters of Research in biomedical sciences and transnational medicine at the University of Liverpool. Each year the Fulbright Program grants students the opportunity to study, research or teach English abroad in an effort to internationalize communities and campuses around the world. Fulbright scholars focus on the conditions and challenges differing regions face, as well as building valuable US relationships. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ijezie for receiving this Fulbright award. Keep up the great work. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent from my district, Mike Miller, of Ritzville, Washington, who was recently selected as the new Chairman of the U.S. Wheat Associates. Mike is a fourthgeneration farmer and a family man who has served on many local, state and national boards. He currently serves as the Chairman of the Washington Grain Commission and has been representing Washington as a U.S. Wheat Associates Director for six years. He has been very active in supporting wheat research and development, and I know he will be an excellent leader for the U.S. Wheat Associates, as they continue to promote the quality and value of all six U.S. wheat classes to international markets. Please join me in congratulating Mike on his new position. 
OPPOSING PROPOSED LEGISLATION THAT THREATENS THE BOUNDARY WATERS CANOE AREA WILDERNESS 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD my letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee of the House Natural Resources Committee. The letter expresses my strong opposition to a discussion draft the Committee held a hearing on this week, proposed by Representative TOM EMMER , that would undercut existing environmental and public lands laws to allow a Chilean mining conglomerate to conduct dangerous sulfideore coppering mining adjacent to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 27, 2017. Hon. PAULGOSAR , Chairman, Subcommittee on Energy and Minerals, House Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. Hon. ALANLOWENTHAL , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Energy and Minerals, House Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOSAR AND RANKING MEMBERLOWENTHAL : I write to express my strong opposition to the discussion draft proposed by Representative Tom Emmer considered today, July 27, in the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee of the House Natural Resources Committee. This proposed legislation would undercut existing environmental and public lands laws to allow a Chilean mining conglomerate to conduct dangerous sulfideore coopering mining adjacent to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. Located in northeastern Minnesota along the United States’ border with Canada, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW) comprises approximately 1.1 million acres of unspoiled woodlands and more than 1,000 pristine lakes. It is home to iconic species such as loons, moose, and lynx, while the waters support thriving populations of walleye, bass, and trout. Congress recognized the value of this unique national treasure when it passed the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Act in 1978. This critical legislation established necessary protections for the BWCAW, prohibiting logging and mining and placing limits on the use of motorized vehicles to preserve the unspoiled nature of this special area. That law strengthened the federal role as caretaker of this area of unparalleled natural beauty, and in doing so built upon more than a century of actions by federal and state governments. In 1909, President Theodore Roosevelt created the Superior National Forest to protect the surrounding area. In 1964, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Wilderness Act into law, and set aside one million acres of the Boundary Waters as a wilderness area. In 1976, the state of Minnesota banned mining on state lands within the Boundary Waters. These polices have ensured that Minnesota’s Boundary Waters are one of the few remaining wild places in the United States. The BWCAW does not exist in isolation, however. It is a critical part of a vast, interconnected watershed that flows through the Superior National Forest and into Voyageurs National Park and Canada’s Quetico Provincial Park. While the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Act of 1978 prohibited mining within the Boundary Waters itself, it did not address existing mineral leases located within the parts of the watershed in the Superior National Forest. In 2011, Chilean mining conglomerate Antofagasta announced plans for its Twin Metals sulfideore copper mine on federal land within this watershed. Antofagasta planned to pursue this mining under mineral leases issued in 1966, before the enactment of modern environmental legislation such as the National Environmental Policy Act and the Clean Water Act. However, those leases expired in 2014, requiring Antofagasta to apply for a renewal. Under the terms of the leases, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) reviewed and denied those renewals in December 2016, based on a denial of consent from the United States Forest Service (USFS). The USFS determined that coppersulfide ore mining on these leases would pose an unacceptable risk that ‘‘might cause serious and Irreplaceable harm to this unique, iconic, and irreplaceable wilderness area’’. Sulfideore mining is the most toxic industry in America, polluting waterways with acid drainage that contains arsenic, mercury and lead. Researchers that surveyed sulfideore copper mines in North America found that every mine had leeched pollution into surrounding water, with 92 percent failing to contain mine seepage and seriously affecting water quality. Underscoring the danger of sulfide ore copper mining, the failure of the Mount Polley copper mine in British Columbia in August 2014 released a toxic slurry of 10 billion liters of wastewater and 5 billion liters of solid tailings. This immense pollution destroyed the surrounding landscape and permanently damaged an irreplaceable salmon spawning area. Simply put, sulfideore copper mining is not suited in the vast, interconnected watershed that contains the BWCA, which is exactly why the BLM and USFS determined that the sustainable management of the forests, lakes and streams in this area was best served by not renewing Antofagasta’s leases. This decision was also supported with action taken by the state government. In March 2016, Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton directed the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources ‘‘not to authorize or enter into any new state access agreements or lease agreements for mining operations’’ on state lands in close proximity to the BWCAW. Following the denial of the leases, the USFS submitted an application to the Secretary of the interior to withdraw portions of the watershed that flows Into the BWCAW from future mineral permits and leases, to remove the threat of sulfideore mining throughout this sensitive landscape. Today, the USFS and the BLM are conducting a thorough environmental analysis to determine whether the lands should be withdrawn from mineral leasing for a period of 20 years. In addition to relying on sound science, this review includes input from the public and key stakeholders. In just the past two weeks, more than 1,500 people have attended public meetings held by the USFS in Virginia, Minnesota and St. Paul, Minnesota. This environmental review and public input process is the best path forward, as Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue affirmed to me during a hearing of the House InteriorEnvironment Appropriations Subcommittee on May 27, 2017. In response to a question about the study, Secretary Perdue responded: ‘‘We are determined to proceed in that effort and let it run its course. No decision will be made prior to the conclusion of that.’’ Unfortunately, the discussion draft presented by Representative Emmer entirely shortcircuits this careful and deliberate review process, recklessly overturns the sciencebased denial of consent decision from the USFS, and attacks existing environmental and public lands laws—all for the benefit of a foreign conglomerate’s mining project. I have several serious concerns about the farreaching impacts of the discussion draft presented by Representative Emmer: 
It automatically grants Antofagasta two federal mineral leases on Superior National Forest lands, ignoring the strong federal and state opposition to sulfideore mining in this area. One federal mineral lease is immediately adjacent to the BWCAW and the second is within three miles of the BWCAW boundary. Peerreviewed science documents that acid mine drainage from sulfideore copper mines on these leases would flow through the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs National Park, and Canada’s Quetico Provincial Park. Attached to this letter is a map that illustrates the extent of the pollution risk to this interconnected watershed. It voids the Forest Service Record of Decision in which the USFS denied to consent to the renewal of Antofagasta’s federal mineral leases based on the risk of harm to the Boundary Waters if the leases were granted. The Forest Service’s decision on the lease renewals was made by professional career USFS staff after a 3year review, with extensive opportunity for public comment. The decision cites sound scientific evidence of harm to the BWCAW and considerable public opposition to the projects. The discussion draft ignores these facts entirely and recklessly overturns the wellconsidered decision of the Forest Service. It undermines established laws governing mineral leasing in the Superior National Forest, bypasses the National Environmental Policy Act, and interferes with an ongoing Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). This proposal would amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act and override the law that gives USFS the right to consent to mining in the Superior National Forest—making substantive changes to these carefully established laws. By retroactively reinstating the Twin Metals leases, the bill would also waive the requirement that federal mineral leases in the watershed go through a NEPA analysis. Furthermore, by reinstating these leases and requiring Congressional approval for the withdrawal of future leasing, this bill would shove aside the scientific analysis and public input process of the current EIS. All of this interference in the established legal process governing federal mineral leasing will primarily serve to benefit a foreign mining conglomerate. It fundamentally alters the 1906 Antiquities Act by mandating Congressional approval for national monuments in the Superior and Chippewa National Forests. This is a virtually unprecedented attack on the Antiquities Act. This bill chips away at fundamental conservation principles in the United States by establishing a carveout from one of our nation’s essential public lands laws. These concerns have been echoed by leaders at some of the United States’ foremost organizations advocating for the protection of our environment and the conservation of our public lands. I have attached statements from them to this letter. If this legislation were allowed to move forward with these troubling provisions intact, it would not only undercut existing environmental and public lands laws. It would also undermine the environmental and economic health of northern Minnesota. Drawn by the pristine landscape, the BWCAW today attracts more than 250,000 visitors each year who take advantage of unparalleled opportunities to canoe, fish, and explore this area. These visitors have been a boon to a thriving outdoor recreation economy in the area. According to the Iron Range Resources & Rehabilitation Board, tourism in Northeastern Minnesota supports 18,000 jobs and brings $850 million in sales annually to the region. These jobs are dependent on a healthy watershed, and Representative Emmer’s plan to reinstate leases for coppersulfide ore mining would put these jobs and the growing economy they support at risk. As the previous administration explained when issuing their denial of the Twin Metals leases: ‘‘It is well established that acid mine drainage is a significant environmental risk at sulfide ore mine sites like the one proposed for these leased lands and in a water based ecosystem like the Boundary Waters because contaminated water could have dramatic impacts to aquatic life, sport fisheries, and recreationbased uses and communities.’’ As Members of Congress, we have an obligation to be good stewards of our nation’s natural resources. It would be a grave mistake to allow dangerous mining to take place on the edge of the Boundary Waters, one of the last wild places in our country. I urge you to oppose the discussion draft presented by Representative Emmer. Sincerely, BETTY MCCOLLUM , Member of Congress. Enclosures. 
LANDS ORGANIZATIONS  Lena Moffitt, Director of Our Wild American Program, Sierra Club: The waters of Lake Superior and the Boundary Waters are a precious national resource, depended on and enjoyed by millions of Americans. Sadly, members of Congress are clearly prioritizing the interests of multinational mining companies over the needs of both local communities and the American public. We strongly oppose these attacks on our public lands and waters, and call on Congressional leaders to do the same. Jamie Williams, President, The Wilderness Society: The Emmer mining bill is yet another dangerous attack on our public lands. Anticonservation interests are determined to let Congress sell or lease to private profiteers our nation’s natural treasures that are owned by all Americans. In addition to opening the door to sulfideore mining in the priceless Boundary Waters watershed, the bill undermines bedrock conservation laws including the Antiquities Act, used by Republican and Democratic presidents alike to protect places of historic or natural significance. The Boundary Waters is one of the original places protected by the 1964 Wilderness Act, is America’s most visited wilderness area, and its waters must be protected from industrial mining. Alex Taurel, Deputy Legislative Director, League of Conservation Voters: This radical legislation would harm Minnesota’s outdoor recreation economy by allowing a foreign mining company to build a risky mine that threatens the health of America’s most visited wilderness area in the spectacular Boundary Waters. We urge members of Congress to oppose this harmful bill that greenlights a decision on the project based on politics and shamefully cuts out the voices of Minnesotans and people across the country that have engaged in a lengthy public process. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jean and Wendell Volkens of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 16, 1957 at Zion Lutheran Church in Auburn, Iowa. Jean and Wendell’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together, and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a profound sense of sadness, as I grieve with the City of Indianapolis and the entire law enforcement community, over the loss of a true public servant. Today, we remember Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department Deputy Chief Jim Waters, who dedicated his life to serving others. Deputy Chief Waters served our city for nearly 30 years, in a variety of roles in city government and on the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department. In all his roles, Deputy Chief Waters was known as a bridge builder and someone who worked alongside community members to improve and protect our city. Deputy Chief Waters was a decorated police officer who came from a long line of public servants. He rose through the ranks of IMPD, serving as District Commander of the East District, Assistant Chief, as well as Deputy Chief. His service did not go unnoticed; he was awarded the Medal of Bravery and Mayor’s Community Service Award for his commitment to protecting Hoosiers. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our thoughts and prayers to Deputy Chief Waters’ wife, Sherry, his children and his entire family. Deputy Chief Waters left a lasting legacy on the Indianapolis community and I am grateful for his years of dedicated service to our city. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 100th Anniversary of the PokeOMoonshine fire tower. Sitting atop PokeOMoonshine Mountain since 1917, the historic fire tower has played an important role in protecting the Adirondack’s environment and wildlife by allowing lookouts to detect and report early signs of wildfires. Although it was decommissioned by 
New York State in 1988, the fire tower has been fully restored and continues to offer hikers incredible views of the Adirondack Mountains, Lake Champlain, and Vermont. In honor of the fire tower’s centennial, the Friends of PokeOMoonshine is hosting several celebratory events including hikes up the mountain, a silent art auction, and live performances. The organization, which was largely responsible for the restoration of the fire tower, is dedicated to preserving PokeO Moonshine and to educating the public about the mountain and its surrounding areas. Their efforts have expanded public access to this special place and increased awareness of our region’s rich environmental history. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to join in celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the PokeOMoonshine fire tower. It is an important piece of the Adirondack Park and a symbol of the North Country’s long tradition of outdoor engagement. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Mr. Irwin Holland. Irv Holland was a brave and courageous man who served our country in a multitude of ways and will forever be remembered as a member of one of the great generations. Mr. Holland was born in 1917, eldest child to first generation immigrants. He grew up in New York where he graduated high school and attended night school but never graduated with a college degree. In 1943, he joined the United States Army Air Corps, and became an Army Air Corps navigator, eventually reaching the rank of Second Lieutenant. In the midst of World War II, and on his maiden mission, the navigational instruments on his B–17 failed. In the dark and over the ocean Mr. Holland led three B–17 airplanes to the Ashen Islands where they landed safely. After taking off from the Ashen Islands they continued to the European Theater and in June 1943 he and several other crew members were shot down over Germany. Irv bailed out and was taken as a prisoner of war. He was a prisoner of war from June 13, 1943 to May 22, 1945, and endured difficult conditions in camp Stalag Luft 3— SaganSilesia, Bavaria, eventually moving to Nuremberg, Germany. Mr. Holland was liberated by the Americans at the end of the war. After his release in 1945 from Prisoner of War Camp, he returned to the U.S. and shortly afterwards traveled to the west coast to begin a new chapter in his life. In 1947, he met and married Barbara Donner Schwartz and soon became the father of three. ‘‘Irv’’ and Barbara moved to Fresno in 1952 from the Bay Area and Irv established the Irwin Holland Advertising Agency. He was a community minded individual with involvements in the civil rights movement, community education and the Jewish community, but politics was his real love and passion. Irwin Holland was a political animal and felt a commitment to participate and improve his community. With that in mind, he ran for several political offices in the San Joaquin Valley as well as becoming the advance man for every National Democratic Candidate who traveled the Central Valley from the mid ’50’s to the end of the 1970’s, including John F. Kennedy (before his presidency), Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, Rose Kennedy, Pierre Salinger, Humbert Humphrey, and others. All during this time he was active in the Fresno Democratic Central Committee. From 1962 to 1970 he served as Administrative Assistant for former California State Assemblyman and Senator George Zenovich and in 1974 Irv was named District Director for former U.S. Congressman John Krebs, serving at his pleasure for the two terms that Mr. Krebs was in office. In 1979, following a dream, Irwin and Barbara moved to Jerusalem, Israel. Once they became established in Israel, Irv worked as a freelance writer, writing articles about his experiences in Israel for the McClatchy Newspapers. While adapting to a new country and language Irv continued his community involvement and was involved with the Americans and Canadians in Israel, Democrats Abroad, and the San Francisco Jewish Federation’s Office in Jerusalem for several years. After fully retiring he began his ‘‘personal campaign’’ to provide ‘‘behind the scenes’’ insights about politics in the region to his friends and family at home. He forever felt that connection between the place of his birth and his new home. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to recognize a mentor and a friend, Irv Holland. A gentleman, who felt the obligation to serve both his community and country of birth as well as his newfound home. He is survived by his wife of 69 years, Barbara, who still lives in Israel and their three children: Francine, Amy, and Robbie, their five grandchildren: David, Sarah, Rachel, Hannah, and Naomi, and their four greatgrandchildren: Ami, Ophir, Arbel, and Ella. 
Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, July 27, on Roll Call vote 414, I did not vote. Had I been present, it was my intention to vote NO. 
CONGRATULATING THE SERGEANT ANDREW BRUCHER VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS POST 5499 
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Sgt. Andrew Brucher Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5499, located in Kauneonga Lake, New York, which will celebrate its 50th anniversary on August 5, 2017. At its anniversary dinner, the Post will honor two very special people: Mrs. Mabel Brucher, a Gold Star Mother, and Mr. Raymond Jankowski, a veteran of the Second World War and founding Charter Member of Post 5499. Post 5499 is named for Sgt. Andrew Carl Brucher, son of Leo and Mabel Brucher of Smallwood, New York. Sgt. Brucher was inducted into the Army on November 8, 1965, arrived in Vietnam on January 6, 1967, and died on April 4, 1967, in Da Nang, Vietnam. Having served honorably, Sgt. Brucher was awarded the Purple Heart, National Defense Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with a Bronze Star, and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal. Honoring those who serve our nation should be a top priority for all Americans, and the VFW is an essential organization that fosters camaraderie among American veterans and advocates on their behalf. Congratulations to Post 5499 on this milestone anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NAVY YEOMAN 3RD CLASS EDMUND RYAN 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, Navy Yeoman 3rd Class Edmund Ryan of Wilbraham, Massachusetts was killed when the Japanese sank the USS Oklahoma during the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. For 75 years, Yeoman Ryan was one of the nearly 400 sailors from that vessel whose identities were deemed ‘‘nonrecoverable.’’ But thanks to the advancements in DNA testing and the efforts by the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, Yeoman Ryan’s remains have been finally identified. This was possible by matching the mitochondrial DNA to family members of the deceased. This achievement gives hope to the family members of the 26,000 servicemembers from World War II that possibly they too can be identified. Next week, Yeoman Ryan will be interred in his final resting place at Arlington National Cemetery. On behalf of the First District of Massachusetts and the United States, we are eternally grateful for his service and sacrifice to his nation. And on this solemn occasion, I want to extend my best wishes to his family. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor seventeen of northeast Georgia’s brightest high school students. The National Academy of Future Scientists and Technologists and the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists selected these young scholars to represent the state of Georgia at their respective national conventions held in late June. Despite the fact that these students hailed from different parts of the district, they share a common interest in science and medicalrelated fields. Representing our state as delegates gave them a chance to discuss their interests and ideas—whether they involved becoming our nation’s next leading scientist or 
becoming the brain power behind the next iPhone. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the following outstanding young people: Omeka Bhatia, John Bradley, Justin Mayo, Tyrese Mcintosh, Andrew O’Brian, Thinh Pham Hoang, David Tran, and Ana Woodsides for attending the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. Additionally, Briana Bishop, Keah Gruduah, Andres Meza, Garrett Raxter, Angela Rivera, Lorenza RojasGonzalez, Helen Viec, and Amber York have made northeast Georgia proud by attending the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. These talented students are carving out a future for STEM fields and will help lead the next generation of innovation in our country. I am honored to represent them in Congress, and I wish them the best as they run after their dreams. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Tony Zapata, who recently concluded his service as Commander of Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Post 4696 in East Los Angeles. As a representative of East LA in Congress, I have had the honor of getting to know Tony over the years, especially in his capacity as the organizer of the annual Memorial Day and Veterans Day events at the Cinco Puntos intersection. Tony, a Vietnam veteran, comes from a family with deep military roots. His grandfather served in World War I, his father and two brothers served in WWII, two of his uncles served in Korea, and his son went to Kuwait. It should come as no surprise, then, that Tony has shown an unstinting dedication to those who serve and have served in our nation’s armed forces. Tony was born in Del Rio, Texas, and graduated from high school in 1963. In January 1965, he enlisted in the U.S. Navy. After boot camp in San Diego, California, in April 1965, he went aboard the U.S.S. Evans (DE–1023) in Bremerton, Washington, as a Machinist’s Mate Fireman Apprentice. In August 1967, he was assigned to North Island Naval Air Station in Coronado, California, as an Airman Aviation Ordnance man. He was trained in Search and Rescue operations on NHU1 Helicopters, also known as Hueys. In November 1967, Tony was sent to Okinawa, where he joined a Search and Rescue Unit with the 3rd Marine Division Temporary Attached Duty (TAD). From Okinawa, he went to Cubi Point in the Philippine Islands. At Cubi Point, he qualified with an M–60 Machine Gun(mounted). In January 1968, he went on to Da Nang, South Vietnam. After one year in Vietnam, he returned to North Island Naval Air Station, where he was Honorably Discharged in February 1969. He was awarded the National Defense Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, Republic of Vietnam Service Medal, Republic of Vietnam Service Medal, Expeditionary Medal, and Meritorious Service Ribbon. In May 1969, Tony went to work for Travelers Insurance Company as a Workman’s Compensation Investigator. After Travelers, he worked as an inspector at U.S. Can in Commerce, California, until his retirement in 2006. In 1992, Tony began to become involved with the VFW, and began fulltime VFW involvement following his retirement. In 2010, he was appointed Commander of VFW Post 4696. Tony has shown an inspiring commitment to assisting veterans and their families with their benefits. He has also been involved with helping homeless Veterans get into VA programs, including help with housing, education, and medical benefits. He has also enjoyed working with local elementary school students. In his talks with students, he has described the importance of patriotism, spoken about Memorial Day and Veterans Day, and reminded his young listeners that freedom is not free. He has also described how they can support our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan by writing letters and sending care packages to our servicemen and women overseas. On May 29, 2017, Tony stepped down as Commander for Post 4696, but I am pleased to hear that he will still be involved with the VFW as an at large member. I hope my colleagues will join me in sending Tony Zapata our deepest gratitude for his record of service overseas and here at home. His defense of our country, and his faithful support of our veterans and current servicemembers, is an inspiration to us all. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Fire Chief David Skoryi who is retiring after serving the Lockport Township community for over 25 years. Chief Skoryi was raised in Lockport and attended Taft Grade School and Lockport Township High School. He joined the Lockport Township Fire Protection District in 1980 as a firefighter and quickly rose through the ranks. He became a Lieutenant in 1993, Battalion Chief in 1998, and Assistant Chief in 2001. In 2010, Skoryi was named Lockport Township Fire District Chief. During his time with the fire district, Chief Skoryi reached a number of milestones. He was the first Battalion Chief in the department’s history and the first full time Training Officer. He also served as the Operations Chief, the Technical Rescue Team Leader, and the Swift Water Rescue Technician. Chief Skoryi has also overseen five fire station construction projects in the district. Chief David Skoryi is married to Deb Skoryi and has three grown children, two of whom still live in the area. He plans to spend his retirement with his wife, tending to a small farm the couple purchased and traveling in their motor home. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Chief David Skoryi for his public service and congratulate him on his achievements. He has spent many years protecting the people of Lockport and the surrounding areas. His dedication is greatly appreciated by the residents of the Third District of Illinois. I wish him the best in his future endeavors. HONORING BENTON POLICE CHIEF KIRK LANE HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Benton Police Chief Kirk Lane’s appointment as the new Arkansas Drug Officer. His experience and activism truly embody what all states need in the fight against illegal narcotics. Chief Lane is a graduate of the Arkansas Law Enforcement Training Academy and the FBI National Academy. After graduation, Chief Lane spent 20 years with the Pulaski County Sheriff’s Office, where he served as the Captain of Criminal Investigations. Chief Lane has gone above and beyond his duty in the fight against illegal narcotics by participating in many organizations, including the Arkansas Drug and Alcohol Coordinating Council, the Arkansas Prescription Drug Advisory Board, and the Arkansas Prescription Drug Monitoring Board. As a recipient of the 2010 Benton Citizen of the Year Award and the 2012 Marie Interfaith Award, Chief Lane is recognized for his exceptional character and devotion to community. I’m proud of my friend Chief Lane, who has proven his devotion to law and order, and he will be a great addition to Arkansas’s Drug Enforcement Agency to fight against narcotics and reduce the crime rate. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Stephen Thomas Zamora, who proudly served the people of Houston, Texas, as a professor at the University of Houston Law Center for nearly thirtysix years. Stephen Zamora was born on June 26, 1944, in Los Angeles, California. Steve graduated from Servite High School in 1962, and earned a B.A. from Stanford University four years later. It was there where he met and married his wife, Lois. Together, they worked for the Peace Corps for two years. Afterwards, Steve graduated first in his class with a law degree from the University of California at Berkeley in 1972. After law school, in 1973, Stephen served as a Postgraduate Fellow at the University Consortium for World Order Studies in Geneva, Switzerland. He would then practice international law at the World Bank in Washington D.C. from 1974 to 1978 before settling in Houston, Texas. Mr. Zamora joined the University of Houston Law Center’s faculty and served as the first dean of Hispanic origin from 1995 to 2000. He also dedicated his independent research at the Center for U.S. and Mexican Law to Mexican law and relations. For his work, he was awarded the highest distinction by the Mexican government to a foreign national, the 
Order of the Aztec Eagle, in 2006. He continued to devote his time to his professional interests until 2015. Mr. Zamora lived a long and service filled life. He was an accomplished educator, a role model to his students, and loving father and husband to his wife, Lois Zamora; his daughter, Camille Zamora, and her husband Thomas; grandsons Landon and Nate; and siblings Carol, Anita, John, Mary, Paula, and Tony; and his many nephews, nieces, aunts, cousins, and friends. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize and honor Stephen Zamora for his many years of service. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Walter Harrison, who retired as the president of the University of Hartford on June 30, 2017 after serving in that position for 19 years. In his time as president, the University of Hartford has truly flourished. Under his leadership, UHart has grown by leaps and bounds through increased enrollment, continued academic success, new academic programs and centers, and major renovations to campus facilities. He leaves the university as a place with a national reputation as a renowned academic institution. Walt is first and foremost an educator and a scholar of American literature and culture. A native of Pittsburgh, he first came to Connecticut to study at Trinity College in Hartford where he received his bachelor’s degree. He then went on to earn a master’s degree from the University of Michigan and his doctorate from the University of California—Davis. He is a veteran of the United States Air Force where he served as an officer. During his time as chair of the NCAA’s Committee on Academic Performance, he became one of the nation’s most influential voices on higher education and collegiate athletics. He has always been a champion on behalf of studentathletes and ensuring that collegiate athletics are always a part of an enriching academic experience. This culminated with Walt’s receipt of the NCAA’s Gerald R. Ford Award. Walt has not only been an extraordinary leader of the university, but has been a pillar of the Greater Hartford community. That can be seen in the two magnet schools opened by the university under his tenure and through his service on the boards of the Hartford Stage, St. Francis Hospital, MetroHartford Alliance, Suffield Academy, Hartford Consortium for Higher Education, the Connecticut Conference of Independent Colleges, and the Connecticut Science Center. Walt has contributed immensely to the fabric of our civic culture. I am proud to call Walt a friend. Anyone who knows Walt knows that he is a passionate baseball fan, particularly of his Pittsburgh Pirates. His doctoral dissertation was on baseball’s influence on the nation’s culture and he is the most knowledgeable baseball fan that one will ever meet. I wish him the best in retirement and I hope he takes his newfound free time to enjoy his family and to finally visit every big league ballpark. I would like to submit for the RECORD the undergraduate and graduate commencement addresses delivered on Walter’s last graduation ceremonies as president by my colleagues, Congresswoman MIALOVE of Utah and Congressman RICHARD NEAL of Massachusetts, two proud UHart alumni. 
THE HONORABLE MIA LOVE  It is wonderful to be with you all today. It is great to be back to a place filled with so many memories. My mind has been racing back to places and spaces on this campus; to so many lessons learned, and to so many people who made a difference in my life. My time here as a student stretched me, strengthened me, and positioned me to recognize opportunities so I can rise to my full potential. One of those amazing faculty members who challenged me to rise was Peter Flint. He was our teacher and sadly, he passed away far too soon—but he is forever a part of my life and the lives of those who were blessed by his vision and direction. Peter had a motto for those of us in musical theater. He had us memorize it—but more importantly he challenged us to live it. The motto said, ‘‘I am an artist. These are my emotions and I own them. And I like them. My talent comes from something other than myself, but I alone am responsible for it. I will dare to be bad, so that I may be good. I am an artist. I am that I am.’’ Peter continually challenged us to rise. He gave us the courage to know it was ok to be bad in the beginning and that working through the bad was the only way to rise to the good and ultimately to the best we had within us. Above all, Peter expected us to take responsibility and ownership for our talents and gifts. Winston Churchill said it this way, ‘‘To each there comes . . . a special moment when we are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do something very special, unique to our talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds us unwilling, unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.’’ The great question you will face in the days and years ahead is this, ‘‘Am I prepared to rise in such moments?’’ I hope you consider today, graduation day, the first step to accepting taps on the shoulder that will lead you to a lifetime of fine hours as you rise to the full measure of your potential. Two things for you to keep in mind as you get ready to rise. First your ability to rise will be bolstered or shackled by your ability to engage in elevated dialogue. It may seem crazy for a member of Congress to be talking about elevated dialogue—but I believe it is the key to all of our finest hours. As a nation, as individuals, and as communities we must get comfortable having uncomfortable conversations. We cannot rise if we are constantly spewing divisive and demonizing rhetoric. It is so tempting to meltdown someone’s twitter feed or blow up their Facebook page with angerfilled words of frustration. Someone wisely said, ‘‘Speak in anger and you will give the best speech you ever live to regret.’’ Even if it’s sharing a virtual speech on social media—the result is the same. Remember this, moments captured are forever and friends keep friends off YouTube. The solution to any problem begins when someone says, ‘‘Let’s talk about it.’’ We have a long way to go as country—but it starts with each of us individually being willing to have an elevated conversation about the challenges of our day. It is impossible to rise without being comfortable and confident in higher dialogue. Second, remember that your goal is to rise with, not over, others. There is an old Scottish saying, ‘‘Thee lift me and I’ll lift thee and together we’ll ascend.’’ Sadly our society tells us more and more that we should just look out for number one and not worry about anyone else. My dad came to this country with $10 in his pocket in an attempt to rise above the poverty and strife of his native Haiti. Through grit and determination he and my mom provided me, and my siblings, the opportunity to rise in pursuit of our own version of the American dream. I will always remember the day my dad dropped me off here on campus on orientation day. He was so excited and giddy as if he were the one ready to start the adventure on campus, away from home. At one point he became serious as he looked me in the eye and said, ‘‘Mia, your mom and I have worked hard to get us to this point today. You will not be a burden to society, You will give back. You will contribute. You will make a difference for others.’’ What he was telling me is that it was part of my responsibility not only to rise myself, but to bring others along with me. Just as he had done with me. I will confess that stepping onto this campus that day the thought of being a mayor, a mother or a member of congress were not remotely in my mind. But when I stepped off of this campus, as each of you will today, I was ready to rise to new roles, responsibilities and opportunities. Each of those roles has given me an opportunity to learn, to engage in elevated dialogue and help others rise to their potential. You are the rising generation. You are the leaders, not just for tomorrow, but for today. Today I challenge you to raise your sight, not just your status, as you enter the workforce and a world desperately in need of your energy, talent and commitment. Remember the second half of Churchill’s statement about those taps on the shoulder and those opportunities to rise. There is one more quote I’d like to share, by a man named John Greenleaf Whittier. He wrote, ‘‘Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these: ‘It might have been.’’’ Guys, we cannot accept ‘‘what might have been.’’ It is a haunting horrible phrase. Fifty years from now you will have far more regrets about the opportunities you didn’t take, the mountains you did not climb and the adventures you did not pursue than you will ever have for opportunities you took— even when you tried and failed. When we fail to continuously learn—we will be left to live with what might have been. When we fail to engage in elevated dialogue in our homes, communities, and places of employment—we will be left to live with what might have been. When we fail to lift others as we ourselves rise—we will be left to live with what might have been. A few years ago my family and I were at an event in our community. There was a large hotair balloon there as part of the fun. An opportunity arose for me to go up in the balloon. As I approached they told me to bring one of my children along for the ride. I called to my son Peyton, who was 7 years old, to come jump in the basket with me. He hesitated and resisted. The balloon was ready to launch and we couldn’t wait for Peyton to decide so I called to my daughter Abi who jumped in and off we went. After rising in the crisp, cool air and enjoying the amazing view of my district in Utah we started our return to the ground. As we began to descend the winds picked up and let’s just say the landing was a bit of an adventure. Peyton had watched all the fun from the ground. As we got out of the basket he came running over shouting that he was ready for his turn. Unfortunately with the now windy conditions, the balloon had to stay on the ground. 
The opportunity to rise and soar in the sky came and was gone. I took Peyton aside and told him to remember this experience. Because in life, especially here in America, if you don’t take an opportunity—it quickly passes and you never know if it will—come back. Presented with opportunity—we must rise to the occasion. Graduates—your experiences on campus have given you a view from higher up. Remember those experiences—remember what it felt like to gain that new perspective, understand that new knowledge, ace that test, master that new skill or maximize your talent. So that when life knocks you down—and surely it will—you will get back up because you know what it takes to rise. So my challenge to each of you is the same one I make to my colleagues in Congress— create opportunities every day for yourself, for those you love, and for good people everywhere to rise. To you graduates I say —You got this. This is your tap on the shoulder. This is your time. These are your days—Rise. 
THE HONORABLE RICHARD NEAL  Good morning President Harrison, PresidentDesignate Woodward, parents, friends and guests. And of course the graduate school class of 2017. I am so honored to speak at University of Hartford’s 60th Commencement Address. For me, it is a homecoming. Looking around campus and at the students and faculty brings back fond memories of when I studied here for my Master’s degree. For my first year, I worked in the Mayor of Springfield’s office during the day and went to school at night. The second year, I went to school as a full time day student. The education I received here allowed me to serve as a lecturer at UMass Amherst and other institutions for the last 28 years. The faculty certainly deserves special recognition. You blend your experience and teaching talents to help students reach their potential. As I have always said, when you reach your potential, your potential expands. I applaud you for pushing students to rely on facts and listen closely to both sides of an argument. You encourage students to be curious and examine evidence while at the same time, discourage them from insulating themselves from opposing views. It is admirable and critical at a time when many students and activists refuse to hear both sides of an argument. The university is not the place for the incurious! As a graduate student, your professors expected more from your writing, presentations and papers. In turn, you had to ensure your work and arguments were backed up with facts, not opinions. Since the beginning of this Congressional session, the House Ways and Means Committee, of which I am the leading Democrat, has been at the heart of almost every major public policy debate about issues that directly impact our nation’s economy, including: health care, tax, trade, and Social Security. My Committee colleagues on both sides of the aisle rely on facts and ensure we take time to listen to both sides of each argument. And like me, my colleagues think it is important to talk in complete sentences and give thought to something before we say anything. There is very little substantive thought and analysis that can be done in 140 characters or less. Thanks to the education I received at University of Hartford and the support of its great faculty members, it taught me to think critically and prepared me to be the new Ranking Member of the Ways and Means Committee. As a child who was raised by my aunt and grandmother on Social Security Survivor Benefits, the fact that I am standing here today having accomplished as much as I have is in due part to the great education I received throughout my lifetime. As you move forward in your careers or toward your next degree, it is imperative you keep a critical eye on facts. Because today more than ever, facts should count. And not be seen as decorations to clever arguments. Unfortunately, today facts are hazy or simply nonexistent. The 24 hour news cycle creates a constant race to get news out before anyone else. And often, facts are cast aside and ‘‘infotainment’’ takes over—entertainment is more and more disguised as news. News should not be entertaining, especially in today’s political environment. Opinions draw ratings and provide a ripe environment for fake news to thrive. Merriam Webster Dictionary is headquartered in Springfield, Massachusetts. They have become the referee in this new aged news cyclehaving to point out what words are being used correctly and when they simply are not. Who would have ever thought ‘‘bigly’’ would become part of our political vernacular? Fake news is not based on fact, instead reflects the ‘‘only if you agree with me’’ mentality. This is a dangerous precedent. As we saw at Middlebury and Berkley earlier this year, the social media mob can disrupt a campus. It reflects the common misperception that you are entitled to your own set of opinions, but not your own set of facts. The university must remain the citadel of free speech and thought. A former Clinton official recently said UC Berkley made a ‘‘grave mistake’’ when they originally cancelled an appearance earlier this year by a conservative commentator. These two people agree on almost nothing, but both fiercely defend the first amendment. Why? Because cancelling events like this sets the stage for a slippery slope towards dismantling the first amendment. A similar situation happened at Middlebury— student backlash in response to a conservative speaker sparked violence and other inappropriate behavior. Men and women in masks are inimical to representative democracy. This goes to exactly what I am talking about. Cancelling events like this lacerate the first amendment. Many students like free speech—but only if they agree with the issue. When our founding fathers wrote the constitution, they didn’t include an asterisk next to the first amendment that said ‘‘except if I don’t agree with you.’’ Students could have had an opportunity to hear a view different than their own, and used the experience to further develop and challenge their own fact based analytical thinking. Biased news does not benefit anyone. Instead, it creates a toxic environment that breeds misinformation, anger, paranoia and stifles compromise and dialogue. My staff knows not to even ask me if I will go on cable TV shows because the answer is always no. It is guaranteed to be filled with inflammatory language that is more focused on finding conflict than understanding the facts. It becomes incoherent! Experience informs our judgement. It is critical for students to engage with people with whom you don’t agree. It shapes your experience and ultimately your judgement. That’s how I informed myself. I read articles and publications that may not agree with my opinion. I talk to those across the aisle. I meet and listen to constituents from all walks of life. And I always leave knowing more than I did when I walked in. It’s all about broadening your scope. Democracy is supposed to be noisy. Backlash at Berkley and Middlebury both point to how the first amendment is put at risk—those who think free speech is fine and safe until they are offended and in turn refuse to hear or even allow other opinions to have the opportunity to share their side of the story. The first amendment is the cornerstone of our constitutional system—the first amendment guarantees a second opinion. How did we get here? Well one reason is the passage of time. I am a child of the 1960s. Younger people played a critical role in the civil rights movement and were focused on ending discrimination. As time has passed and the central figures of the 1960’s have aged, the younger generation and organizations that have historically focused on civil rights have readjusted their focus to economic justice. While not to belittle economic justice, unfortunately, free speech and nonpartisanship have fallen by the wayside. How do we get back to a place where free speech is not only protected and guaranteed, but can flourish? One simple, important first step: listen. I was recently asked how I engage with younger people. The answer was easy—the same way I engage with anyone— I listen. Today, we talk too much and don’t listen enough. We care more about our phones and posting information rather than listening. So much can be gained from listening—it generates thoughtful discussion, shows you care, expands your horizon, and often leads to new ideas and compromise. I am certainly not saying this is easy. It’s uncomfortable, but ultimately, it is an important step to protect free speech. The closing of the American mind is not helpful to growing democracy. Columnist and Harvard Professor Cass R. Sunstein put it well in a recent Boston Herald opinion piece. He talked about the energy that goes into protests and encouraged students to think through how their actions and protests will ultimately help people rather than looking inward at college life. As complex as things are today, facts are more important than ever. I challenge you to expand your potential, engage with people with opposing views, and take time to examine evidence to protect facts and discourage fake news. All of these actions ultimately protect the cornerstone of our democracy the first amendment. Thank you President Harrison, President Designate Woodward and the entire University of Hartford community. Congratulations on behalf of the United States of America. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Eileen Dennis of Atlantic, Iowa on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Eileen was born on July 27, 1917. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Eileen’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the Internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Eileen has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty five Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Eileen in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Eileen on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4 p.m., on Monday, July 31, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 3525–3632; and 14 resolutions, H.J. Res. 116; H. Con. Res. 75, 76; and H. Res. 485–495 were introduced.
Reports Filed:Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 873, to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–264); H. Res. 442, resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to President Trump’s financial connections to Russia, certain illegal financial schemes, and related information; adversely (H. Rept. 115–265); H.R. 95, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–266); H.R. 3262, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–267); H.R. 2195, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for access of the Special Counsel to certain information, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–268); H. Res. 437, resolution of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the President’s possession; adversely (H. Rept. 115–269); and H. Res. 447, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities relating to businesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump; adversely (H. Rept. 115–270).
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act: H.R. 95, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs;
Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Accountability Act: H.R. 2772, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees;
Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2017: H.R. 3262, amended, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and 
to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department; and 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’.
Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act: H.R. 873, to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia. 
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018: The House passed H.R. 3180, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, by a yeaandnay vote of 380 yeas to 35 nays, Roll No. 437. 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
H. Res. 481, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3180) was agreed to by a yeaand nay vote of 224 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 436, after the previous question was ordered without objection.
Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act: The House passed S. 114, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain highlevel employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, by a yeaandnay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 438. 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in H. Rept. 115–262 shall be considered as adopted.
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve hiring authorities of the Department, to authorize major medical facility leases, and for other purposes.’’.                         Page H6558 
H. Res. 480, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (S. 114) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous question was ordered without objection. 
Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 371, as amended by Representative Royce, to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, August 1st.
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to continue in effect beyond August 1, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–59). 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H6523. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yeaandnay votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6556–57. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 2:41 p.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, July 31 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Tuesday, August 1 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
HOUSE Bacon, Don, Nebr., E1086, E1095 Barr, Andy, Ky., E1086 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1079 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1079 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E1099 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1084 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1087 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1082, E1090, E1095, E1100 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1087 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1093 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1084, E1100 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1085, E1093, E1096, E1101 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1097 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E1091 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1077 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1082, E1089 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1090, E1100 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1092 Graves, Garret, La., E1096 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1081 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E1087 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1101 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1089 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1081 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1085, E1096 Katko, John, N.Y., E1082 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1079, E1083 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1100 Larson, John B., Conn., E1102 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1101 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1089 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1087, E1098 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1100 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1083, E1093, E1098 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1091 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1083, E1088, E1094, E1098 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1083 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1097 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1088 RosLehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1090 RoybalAllard, Lucille, Calif., E1083, E1088, E1094, E1101 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1091, E1091, E1092 Schakowsky, Janice, Ill., E1095 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1081 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1080, E1082, E1084 SheaPorter, Carol, N.H., E1080 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1081 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1086 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1089, E1099 Taylor, Scott, Va., E1081 Thompson, Glenn, Pa., E1089 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1085 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1096 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1091 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E1086 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1093 Young, David, Iowa, E1082, E1086, E1088, E1090, E1093, E1094, E1096, E1099, E1103 