Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Andrea Van de Kamp, of Pasadena, California, upon receiving the prestigious Rose Award from the Los Angeles Parks Foundation. Born in Michigan, Andrea attended Michigan State University and received her Master’s Degree from the Teacher’s College of Columbia University. Andrea has an impressive and varied career in business, fundraising and the arts. These include serving as Associate Director of Admissions for Dartmouth College, Director of Public Affairs for Carter Hawley Hale Stores, Executive Director of the Southern California Coro Foundation, Director of Development at the Museum of Contemporary Art, and President and CEO of the Independent Colleges of Southern California where she administered annual funding campaigns for 15 colleges. In addition, she was Managing Director of Sotheby’s West Coast Operations and Vice President of Sotheby’s North America. Andrea is well known for her energy, good sense of humor, and exceptional people skills, and those traits have been invaluable to the many arts organizations she has been involved with. A volunteer for the Music Center: Performing Arts Center of Los Angeles for many years, she chaired the center’s Board of Governors, chaired the Operating Company, was a member of The Blue Ribbon—the center’s women’s support group, and chaired the foundation giving fund. One of her greatest achievements was in 1995 when Andrea took up the challenge and embarked on a vigorous funding campaign and raised the remaining $264 million needed to build the Walt Disney Concert Hall. In addition to the Music Center, where she is Chair Emeritus, she served on the Walt Disney Company Board of Directors, the UCLA Hammer Museum Board of Directors, Vice Chaired the California Council of the Humanities, was CoChair of the Los Angeles Arts Task Force, as well as serving on various financial and business organizations. In addition to the Los Angeles Parks Foundation Rose Award, Ms. Van de Kamp was honored with the 2003 Junior League of Los Angeles’ Lifetime Community Achievement Award. Andrea and her late husband, former California Attorney General John Van de Kamp, have one daughter, Diana. I ask all Members to join me in thanking Andrea Van de Kamp of Pasadena, California for her extensive and outstanding contributions to the arts in the greater Los Angeles community. THE INTRODUCTION OF THE MISSING CHILDREN’S ASSISTANCE AMENDMENT ACT HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Missing Children’s Assistance Amendment Act of 2017, along with Congressional Black Caucus Chair CEDRIC RICHMOND  (D–LA), House Judiciary Committee Ranking Member JOHN CONYERS (D–MI), Congressional Caucus on Black Women and Girls Co Chair BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN (D–NJ), YVETTE CLARKE (D–NY), K AREN BASS(D–CA), GRACE NAPOLITANO (D–CA), S HEILA JACKSON  LEE(D–TX), J OYCE BEATTY (D–OH), A NDRE´ CARSON (D–IN), M AXINE WATERS (D–CA), JOHN LEWIS (D–GA), R OBERT BRADY (D–PA), FREDERICA WILSON (D–FL), and P RAMILA  JAYAPAL (D–WA). The bill would require the U.S. Department of Justice’s Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (OJJDP) to collect and publish broad demographic characteristics, including race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation and gender identity, of missing children. Congress has long recognized that missing children are a national problem. In 2013, Congress required OJJDP to conduct national incidence studies of missing children every three years instead of periodically. Such a study is now underway. However, my bill would require OJJDP to collect, break down, and publish demographic characteristics, including subgroups, of these missing children. It is critical that the public know if there is a disproportionate number of missing children of color, particularly missing girls of color, which may be an underreported national problem. Experts need to first measure the incidences, and then study whether children have been trafficked, abducted, are running away, or are missing for other reasons, and make recommendations. The last national comprehensive study of missing children by OJJDP was based on a survey conducted in 1999, known as the National Incidence Studies of Missing, Abducted, Runaway, and Thrownaway Children (NISMART–2). Currently, OJJDP is conducting a new study, known as NISMART–3. However, there is no statutory requirement that the triennial study collect or publish demographic characteristics of missing children. For instance, while NISMART–2 published race and gender data, it did not publish any subgroups, such as the number of girls of color missing. It is more important than ever to have reliable statistics on missing children. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. A TRIBUTE TO HOLLY HAMPTON— 28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my congressional district. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Holly Hampton of Echo Park, a unique neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. Holly Hampton has been a resident of Echo Park for many years, calling this historic neighborhood and community home since 1989. Ms. Hampton currently serves as Vice President of the Echo Park Historical Society’s Board of Directors, which preserves and promotes the neighborhood’s architectural and cultural heritage. Holly also serves as Chair of the Historic Echo Park Home Tours. Ms. Hampton, a professional graphic designer, has been recognized for her involvement in numerous community design projects. Most notably, she participated as a judge for the Echo Park Community Parade’s children’s art contest for the past six years, and has designed installations for the Echo Park Historical Society. She received recognition from the City of Los Angeles at the Echo Park Farmers’ Market’s 10 year anniversary for her work with Katrina Alexy, an artist, on the creation of the market logo. In 2001, Ms. Hampton purchased a home in Echo Park, and became active in the development of her local neighborhood watch, which included neighbors on Grafton Street, Lemoyne Street, Effie Street, Lake Shore Avenue and Lobdell Place. She also began partnering with the Los Angeles City Council 13th District Office to organize staircase street cleanup events in an effort to help maintain the public staircase located on her street. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Holly Hampton. 
HONORING MINNESOTA PAINTERS LOCAL 681 ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rochester, Minnesota’s Painters Local 681 on their 100th anniversary. Local 681 should be immensely proud of this achievement and of the excellent work they have done for our community over the many 
years. Organizing for fair pay and safe working conditions is a fundamental right of all workers, and I applaud Local 681 for building and preserving this important tradition. 
A TRIBUTE TO BETTY PORTO— 28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my congressional district. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Betty Porto of La Can˜ada Flintridge, California. The success of the Porto family stems from humble beginnings in Manzanillo, Cuba. After Fidel Castro’s violent revolution erupted in Cuba in the 1950s, Raul, Sr. and his wife, Rosa requested permission to leave the country. As they waited for approval, both Raul, Sr. and Rosa were dismissed from their jobs. To support their three children, Betty, Raul, Jr., and Margarita, Rosa, a talented baker, refined her recipes and started selling her cakes to neighbors and friends. The Porto family’s request to leave the country was eventually approved, and they entered the United States in the early 1970s. In the United States, they opened a bakery in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles that quickly flourished, and Betty Porto, in addition to her siblings, was there to lend a helping hand. Betty Porto attended John Marshall High School in Los Angeles, and simultaneously worked at the family’s bakery, Porto’s Bakery & Cafe´, taking care of the front of the house since she loved interacting with people and enjoyed customer service. Her mother, who valued the importance of receiving a higher education and credits a large part of her success to having a bachelor’s degree, influenced Betty’s love of learning. Upon graduating from high school, Betty received a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in political science from California State University, Los Angeles, and the University of California, Los Angeles, respectively. Her goal was to attend law school, but she quickly changed her mind as spending time with her family at the bakery had awakened her passion for the family business, and she wanted to support her parents, keeping in mind all the sacrifices they had made to give her a better life. Over the years, Ms. Porto and her siblings became increasingly involved in the community by supporting many worthwhile organizations, including Glendale Healthy Kids, American Red Cross, Glendale police and fire departments, and the Alex Theatre to name a few. For the past seven years, Betty has been a staunch supporter of Union Rescue Mission, donating the remaining food from Porto’s Bakery & Cafe´at the end of each day. She also gives tours of Porto’s Bakery & Cafe ´to cul inary students, to show them firsthand, out of the classroom setting, how to run a bakery, and has even hired some of these students to work at Porto’s Bakery & Cafe´. Betty and Rick, her husband of twentyfive years, have two daughters. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Betty Porto. f 
A TRIBUTE TO LENA KORTOSHIAN—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Lena Kortoshian of La Crescenta, California. Ms. Kortoshian attended California State University, Northridge, where she received a Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, and a Master’s Degree in Leadership and Policy Studies. For many years, Ms. Kortoshian has been a pillar of education and an avid supporter of our youth. Lena’s career in education began in 1986, when she was working as an instructional assistant at an elementary and a middle school in the Glendale Unified School District. Since then, she has served in many capacities, including as a mathematics teacher at Glendale High School and Clark Magnet High School, Assistant Principal of Herbert Hoover High School, and a Mathematics Administrator at the Los Angeles County Office of Education. Lena has also served as Assistant Principal and Associate Principal of Clark Magnet High School, and is currently Principal of the school. Lena has always dedicated her time and efforts to ensure the success of her students. She served as a volunteer math tutor with the Committee for Armenian Students in Public Schools, a nonprofit organization that addresses both the educational and social needs of immigrant children in public schools, and continues to tutor students after school, giving special attention to each student she helps. Lena is also a Member of the Board of Regents of Prelacy Armenian Schools—a board which is appointed by the Prelate and Executive Council of the Western Prelacy of the Armenian Apostolic Church of America. Over the years, Lena has received recognition for her contributions to the community, such as the Armenian American Chamber of Commerce’s ‘‘Friend of the Armenian Community’’ award. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Lena Kortoshian. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF ROBERT A.D. SCHWARTZ HON. BARBARA LEE 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay final tribute to Robert A.D. Schwartz. Mr. Schwartz died on February 18, 2017 in his Oakland, California home, at the age of 92. He was a businessman, philanthropist, patron of the arts, and jazz musician. Mr. Schwartz was born in 1925 in Chicago, and received his B.S. in June 1944 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Upon graduation, he joined the Navy and was sent to the Pacific. Bob moved to Oakland in 1951, where he founded Schwartz & Lindheim and later Keysource International, which develops and manufactures specialized keyboards for industry. He later earned a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from Golden Gate University Law School, becoming a member of the California State Bar in 1974. In 1979, Mr. Schwartz founded the Robert A.D. Schwartz Foundation. The foundation’s mission is to develop vocational, musical and citizenship educational programs. His philanthropic work also led him to serve as chairman of Urban Strategies Council, a nonprofit organization, which works to eliminate persistent poverty in the Bay Area. He also founded Peer Tutoring Resources Center, which works to support the development of caring and collaborative citizens by enhancing the use, expansion and sustainability of peer tutoring—a model engaging students as instructors and leaders in classrooms and across schools. In recognition of his contributions to the Oakland community, Bob was named Oakland Citizen of the Year in 1996, and December 14 2016 was proclaimed ‘‘Robert Schwartz Day’’ in Oakland. An avid musician, Mr. Schwartz was instrumental in reviving the Oakland Symphony, and started his own jazz band which played for seniors at local retirement homes. As chairman of the Northern California Democratic Party, Bob worked tirelessly on many campaigns, including my own campaigns for Congress. On a personal note, Bob was a trusted confidant, a brilliant strategist, and most important, a loyal friend who I loved very much. I invite my colleagues to join me as I offer condolences to his loving family, and his loving wife Debbra Wood Schwartz. Robert A.D. Schwartz will be greatly missed but his legacy as a creative spirit and a trailblazer community activist will live on as a source of inspiration for generations to come. 
A TRIBUTE TO ANNEMARIE JOHNSON—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, 
we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, AnneMarie Johnson of Silver Lake, a unique neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. Born in Los Angeles, AnneMarie Johnson has been a lifelong Silver Lake resident, and graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles. Since 2011, she has served as an AtLarge Representative on the Silver Lake Neighborhood Council. In this capacity, she has cochaired town hall meetings and has served as cochair of the Governmental Affairs Committee. Ms. Johnson is a familiar face in motion pictures and television. She has starred in numerous television series such as Melrose Place, In Living Color, In the Heat of the Night, and for a few seasons, she appeared on JAG, portraying Congresswoman ‘‘Bobbi Latham.’’ In addition, AnneMarie has appeared on Days of Our Lives, Chasing Life, Hunter, The XFiles and CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, and most recently in Pretty Little Liars, Castle, Grey’s Anatomy, Major Crimes, and NCIS: Los Angeles. AnneMarie Johnson has an impressive list of feature film credits, in addition to the remarkable roles she has had in many television series. She has appeared in Strictly Business, Robot Jox, Pursuit of Happiness, True Identity, and Sister Code among others. For many years, Ms. Johnson served as a Screen Actors Guild National Board officer, and served as the Screen Actors Guild’s first vice president for four terms. In 2016, she received the Screen Actors Guild Ralph Morgan Award, and was the first African American to receive this award since the inception of the honor in 1981. In 2017, AnneMarie received the Rosa Parks Legacy Award from the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, in recognition of her tireless efforts in the community. In addition, Ms. Johnson has volunteered with the Los Angeles Police Department, where she cocreated, coproduced and codirected a series of public service announcements called ‘‘Obey The Rules Of The Road’’ to bring attention to traffic safety. AnneMarie has been married to Martin Grey since 1996. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, AnneMarie Johnson. 
STRENGTHENING AND CLARIFYING THE 25TH AMENDMENT ACT OF 2017 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, like many people, I have noticed a renewed interest in the 25th Amendment as we have seen erratic behavior out of the White House. As I examined the Amendment, it became clear that in the case of mental or emotional incapacity, there is a glaring flaw. In the absence of Congressional action, the constitutional language depends on actions by the Cabinet. Because the Cabinet can be fired by the President, there is a natural bias that would make them reluctant to acknowledge the President’s inability to serve. It’s time to revisit and strengthen the Amendment and make sure there is a reliable mechanism in place if the President becomes unable to discharge the powers and duties of office. The 25th Amendment was adopted 50 years ago in the wake of President Kennedy’s assassination. It provides a mechanism for the succession of the President for his or her replacement in the event he or she proves unfit to serve. Under the Amendment, the Vice President and a majority of either the Cabinet or some ‘‘other body’’ designated by Congress, may remove the President from office. While the language is straightforward, it raises a host of questions. This ‘‘other body,’’ rather than the principal officers of the executive branch, is undefined and there is no guidance for how it should operate. This legislation determines the body would consist of the Vice President, advised by a majority of the living former Presidents and VicePresidents. These people have been President, or in the line of succession and understand the pressures of the office and the responsibilities the Presidency entails. They are of both parties, experienced, and well regarded by the American public. It is hard to imagine a better group to work with the Vice President to examine whether the President is able to discharge the duties of the office. When there are questions about the President’s ability to fulfill his or her constitutional responsibilities, it is in the country’s best interest to have a mechanism in place that works effectively. f 
A TRIBUTE TO PHYLLIS KIM—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Phyllis Kim of Glendale, California. Phyllis Kim received her Bachelor of Arts Degree and an Interpretation & Translation Certificate from the University of California, Los Angeles. Currently, she is a court interpreter in the Korean language in Los Angeles. For years, Ms. Kim has been very active with the Korean American Forum of California, which is dedicated to bringing public attention and recognition to the ‘‘comfort women’’ of World War II. From 1932 until the end of World War II, over 200,000 women and girls throughout Asia, many of them kidnapped, threatened, or lured from their homes under false pretenses, were forced into sexual slavery by the Imperial Armed Forces of Japan. Ms. Kim continues to raise awareness about these women, known as ‘‘comfort women,’’ and also works toward receiving a formal recognition and an apology from Japan for its past war crimes of sexual slavery by its military, and to prevent wartime crimes against women as well as children. Through the dedicated efforts of Ms. Kim and the Korean American Forum of California, the Comfort Women statue was built in Glendale, California. Phyllis makes every effort to visit the statue as often as she can to honor the Halmoni. Phyllis lives in Glendale with her husband of nine years, Roy Hong. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Phyllis Kim. f 
A TRIBUTE TO KAREN VOLPEI GUSSOW—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Karen Volpei Gussow of Burbank, California. For over twenty years, Ms. VolpeiGussow has symbolized the tireless and dedicated work of a true pillar of her community. She has given of herself with joy, humility, and grace and, along the way, has changed so many lives for the better in Burbank. Her kind and relaxed demeanor is not only evident in her treasured relationships with her husband Barry, her family and friends, but also in her charitable work in the community. Ms. VolpeiGussow has brought her incredible talent, insight, time, and energy to numerous boards and special committees over the years. She currently sits on the Boards of the Burbank Chamber of Commerce, City of Burbank Heritage Commission, Burbank Arts for All, Burbank on Parade, Burbank Business Partners, and Keller Williams Agent Leadership Council. She serves on committees for the Providence Saint Joseph Foundation Emergency Service Campaign, Boys and Girls Club of Burbank and Greater East Valley, Burbank Temporary Aid Center, and Family Service Agency of Burbank. Her past community involvement includes Ambassador Chair of the Burbank Chamber of Commerce, Docent at the Burbank Historical Society’s Gordon R. Howard Museum, and Board Member of both the Kids Community Dental Clinic and The Burbank Association of REALTORS, Community Service Foundation. Ms. VolpeiGussow’s charitable and professional work has not gone unnoticed as she was awarded 2012 Realtor of the Year by the Burbank Association of REALTORS and named Community Leader of the Year at the Boys and Girls Club of Burbank and Greater East Valley 2013 Gala Dinner. Ms. VolpeiGussow rarely says no when asked to give a helping hand, and once given, her level of leadership, support, and generosity never waivers. She is a community leader who is unafraid of challenging the ways things were done in the past as she looks towards the future with a bold new plan to make the organizations she is involved with and the City of Burbank grow and thrive. 
I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Karen VolpeiGussow. 
Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the life of Philip Kalayil who passed away on March 13 this year of natural causes. It seems like everybody who’s anybody in the city of Chicago has a story about Philip Kalayil. Philip came to Chicago from India in the mid1950s and became an early leader and organizer of the IndianAmerican community in the Chicago area. Before his untimely death, Philip had been recognized by the Association for Asian American Studies, which honored him with its Heart of Asian American Community Award. Philip’s legacy of leadership and bridge building between all racial and ethnic groups are needed now more than ever. While Philip left this world far too early, we should all take comfort in knowing that his memory and selfless service have left a mark on Chicago and our nation. The civic contributions and dedication to the IndianAmerican community by Philip Kalayil have helped Indian Americans in the Chicago area such as myself to pursue professional achievements to further the development of our community. On behalf of all of Philip’s countless friends and associates, I just want to say thank you for all that you did for the people of Illinois. You’re leaving some big shoes to fill in the city of Chicago. Mr. Speaker, I hope we might all keep in our thoughts and prayers the Kalayil family as they mourn their loss. In that spirit, I celebrate Philip’s life and think about what an impact that life made on so many people. 
A TRIBUTE TO AMANDA TRUELOVE FAIREY—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman Amanda Truelove Fairey of the Franklin Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Amanda Truelove Fairey is a cofounder and partner with her husband, Shepard Fairey, in the creative agency Studio Number One, the art and project space Subliminal Projects Gallery, and the online store Obey Giant/The Art of Shepard Fairey; all based in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. Ms. Truelove Fairey became a vocal advocate for research advancements through the MS Hope Foundation, after her own diagnosis of Multiple Sclerosis in 2013. She also believes in the importance of arts and music education for all, through her work with Art of Elysium and the Silverlake Conservatory of Music. Ms. Truelove Fairey currently sits on the board of the Library Foundation of Los Angeles and was the 2016 Chair of the foundation’s annual fundraiser, The Young Literati Toast. Funds raised at the Toast support Adult Literacy Services, a vital program of the library that breaks the cycle of low literacy throughout Los Angeles with oneonone tutoring, selfdirected and online practice, and group classes. In 2016, Ms. Truelove Fairey and her husband founded Make America Smart Again, an organization that encouraged voter education and registration during the 2016 election season. It has evolved from a call to action into a movement that empowers citizens to stay engaged and informed about social issues. Make America Smart Again has partnered with a variety of nonprofit organizations including Rock the Vote, The Young Literati, and Vote Detroit to continue its mission in building a coalition of a wellinformed citizenry. Ms. Truelove Fairey enjoys family time with her husband, Shepard and their two wonderful daughters, Vivienne and Madeline. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Amanda Truelove Fairey. f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE FAIR PAY ACT OF 2017 APRIL 4, 2017 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today is Equal Pay Day, which marks the number of additional days a woman must work to earn what a man earned by the end of last year. The 1963 Equal Pay Act (EPA), the first of the great civil rights statutes of the 1960s, has grown creaky with age and needs updating to reflect the new workforce, in which women work almost as much as men. The best case for a stronger and updated EPA occurred here in the Congress in 2003, when female custodians in the House and Senate won an EPA case after showing that female workers were paid a dollar less per hour for doing the same or similar work as men. Had these women not been represented by their union, they would have had an almost impossible task in using the rules for bringing and sustaining an EPA class action suit. Based on my own experience as the first woman to chair the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, I again introduce the Fair Pay Act (FPA) on behalf of the average female worker, who is often first steered to, and then locked into, jobs with wages that are deeply influenced by the gender of women who have traditionally held such jobs. Much of the wage inequality women experience today is because of employersteering and deeply rooted wage stereotypes, which result in wages being paid according to gender and not according to the skill necessary to do the job. I introduce the FPA because pay disparity most women face today stems mainly from the segregation of women and men in different jobs and paying women in femaledominated jobs systematically less. Twothirds of white women and three quarters of AfricanAmerican women work in just three areas: sales/clerical, service and factories. We need more aggressive strategies to break through the societal barriers present throughout history the world over, as well as employersteering based on gender, which is as old as paid employment itself. The FPA requires that if men and women are doing comparable work, they are to be paid comparable wages. If a woman, for example, is an emergency services operator, a femaledominated profession, she should not be paid less than a fire dispatcher, a male dominated profession, simply because each of these jobs has been dominated by one sex. If a woman is a social worker, a traditionally female occupation, she should not earn less than a probation officer, a traditionally male job, simply because of the gender associated with each of these jobs. The FPA, like the EPA, will not tamper with the legal burden. Under the FPA, as under the EPA, the burden will be on the plaintiff to prove discrimination. The plaintiff must show that the reason for the disparate treatment is gender discrimination, not legitimate market factors. Remedies to achieve comparable pay for men and women are not radical or unprecedented. State governments, in red and blue states alike, have shown that it is possible to eliminate the part of the pay gap that is due to discrimination. Twenty states have adjusted wages for femaledominated professions, raising pay for teachers, nurses, clerical workers, librarians, and other femaledominated jobs that paid less than comparable maledominated jobs. Minnesota, for example, implemented a pay equity plan when it found that traditionally female jobs paid 20 percent less than comparable traditionally male jobs. There may well be some portion of a gender wage gap that is traceable to market factors, but 20 states have shown that you can tackle the gender discriminationbased wage gap without interfering in the market system. States generally have closed the wage gap over a period of four to five years at a onetime cost of no more than three to four percent of payroll. In addition, many female workers routinely achieve pay equity through collective bargaining, and countless employers provide it on their own as they see women shifting out of vital femaledominated occupations as a result of the shortage of skilled workers, as well as because of the unfairness to women. Unequal pay has been built into the way women have been treated since Adam and Eve. To dislodge such deepseated and pervasive treatment, we must go to the source, the traditionally female occupations, where pay is linked with gender and always has been. 
A TRIBUTE TO AMY YANOW—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, 
we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Amy Yanow of the Hollywood Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Amy Yanow has always had a passion for community. After a career in real estate development, she obtained a Master of Business Administration from the Anderson School of Management at UCLA and combined her love of community with her love for small businesses. As coowner of two of the most notable craft beer destinations in Southern California, Mohawk Bend in Echo Park and Tony’s Darts Away in Burbank, Ms. Yanow has found innovative ways to incorporate her desire to support community and her passion for locally sourced products and services. Ms. Yanow formalized sourcing guidelines which focus on procuring products that celebrate Los Angeles and California local farming. Charitable giving is built into every level of Ms. Yanow’s restaurant strategy from menu offerings to marketing efforts. She believes in personal outreach to build lasting and meaningful relationships with her community. On behalf of Mohawk Bend, Ms. Yanow has partnered with thirty local nonprofits to achieve fundraising and awareness of communitybased initiatives in her backyard. Machine Project, 826LA, Echo Park Recreational Center, Echo Park Parenting and Education, Sandra Cisneros Academy, Fire Station 20 Echo Park, Echo Park Community Parade, Edendale Branch Library, and Food Forward are a few of the beneficiaries of her generosity. Under her guidance, Tony’s Darts Away has supported communitybased initiatives in the City of Burbank by providing funds to the Family Service Agency of Burbank, the Beagle Freedom Foundation, and KeepA Breast Foundation to name a few. Ms. Yanow and her husband, Tony Yanow, have shown great dedication to the nonprofit organization River LA and its mission to unlock the potential and beauty of the Los Angeles River’s fiftyone miles. From late 2015 until February 2016, the Yanows led a public matching grant campaign to raise funds and awareness for the creation of the community oriented recreation areas and green spaces along the river. Ms. Yanow was deeply involved in the fundraising drive by creating a public awareness campaign through personal outreach and building a comprehensive social media strategy that ultimately accomplished the fundraising goal of $500,000. Ms. Yanow is a treasure to her community and an inspiration to all who know her. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 28th Congressional District, Amy Yanow. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4:30 p.m., on Monday, April 17, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 2093–2100 were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Upton to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gene Hemrick, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:01 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4:30 p.m., Monday, April 17 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Monday, April 17 
Program for Monday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E507 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E508 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E506 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E505, E508 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E505, E505, E506, E506, E506, E507, E507, E508, E508 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E505 