Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable achievement—the 125th anniversary of Boulter Industrial Con-tractors located in Webster, New York. Found-ed in 1892 by Thomas Boulter, the company started by delivering coal and ice by horse drawn wagons and is now Western New York’s premier mover of heavy machinery for manufacturing and infrastructure projects. Even though decades have passed since those starting days, the company still displays their original wagons in remarkable condition as a reminder of how far they have come. The growth of Boulter Industrial Contractors as a family-run business is a true success story in American entrepreneurship. Under the leadership of President and CEO William S. Boulter, a fifth-generation member of the Boul-ter family, and their hard-working employees the company is proudly carrying on Thomas Boulter’s legacy. Congress should never lose sight of companies like this. That’s why a flag that has flown over the U.S. Capitol flies over Boulter today. I congratulate the Boulter family and its employees, several of which are vet-erans. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF RACHELLE D
EANNE O’NEIL 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ms. Rachelle O’Neil, who served as a constituent services representative in my District Office for 15 years. A Houston native who is proud of her Ragin’-Cajun roots, Rachelle is one of eight children born to the late Audrey Ann Colbert- O’Neil and George O’Neil, Sr. Her loving par-ents instilled a passion for education that in-spires Ms. O’Neil to this day. In fact, Mr. Speaker, she recently graduated magna cum laude with master’s degree in public adminis-tration from the University of Texas at Arling-ton. While earning undergraduate degrees from the University of Houston in psychology and political science, Ms. O’Neil won the Mickey Leland Congressional Internship opportunity, which brought her to the U.S. Capitol where she worked in former Representative Carrie P. Meek’s (D–FL) congressional office. The expe-rience, which included meeting President Bill Clinton, cemented her passion in working on the behalf of the American people. Within a few years of relocating to Atlanta, Ms. O’Neil joined my congressional staff, and Mr. Speaker, please trust me when I say that she hit the ground running. Rachelle assists constituents with judiciary, education, health, Social Security, child welfare, and transpor-tation matters, and she is a tireless advocate for women and girls. Mr. Speaker, few people can match her passionate, fierce pursuit of justice and equity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.002 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1342 October 6, 2017 
Over the years, Ms. O’Neil developed innu-merable constituent service programs and ini-tiatives, but perhaps none as personal as those that focus on future generations. In-spired by her time caring for Daniel, Princess, Annquenette, and TyRochelle, the children of her late twin sister, Michelle, Rachelle devel-oped our office’s Youth Council that sought to develop and engage young leaders in Metro Atlanta. In her personal time, Ms. O’Neil puts family and service first—caring for her nieces, neph-ews, and mentees in the Through Their I’s Mentoring Program, the Motherless Daughters Foundation, the Hank Stewart Foundation, and Source of Support. She also manages to make friends during her world travels and pur-sue exciting adventures like skydiving, white water rafting, and zip lining. Mr. Speaker, when I look at Rachelle O’Neil, I see the spirit of Barbara Jordan and the fire of Shirley Chisholm. I am so proud to have her on my team, and I thank her for the many years of tireless service to our office and Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. CONSTANCE HADDELAND, 2017 RECIPIENT OF THE PATRICK HENRY AWARD 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to recognize Ms. Constance Haddeland, a 2017 recipient of the Patrick Henry Award from the National Guard Association of the United States, which honors local civic leaders who have distinguished themselves with out-standing and exceptional service to the Armed Forces of the United States and the National Guard. ‘‘Connie’’ as we know her is a Con-stituent Services Representative in my Saint Paul, Minnesota office. She was nominated for this recognition by MG Richard C. Nash, Min-nesota National Guard Adjutant General, who presented this award to her this week at the 133rd Airlift Wing in Minnesota. For more than 10 years Connie has exem-plified a wholehearted commitment to the well- being of Minnesota service members, veterans and their families. Her efforts have resulted in quality of life benefits for National Guard mem-bers and Reservists, improved services to vet-erans and all Armed Forces Service Members serving in Minnesota. First in 2010 and again in 2012, Minnesota National Guard members returned home from deployments and found themselves without Post Deployment/Mobilization Respite Ab-sence Program (PDMRA) benefits and ‘‘bonus pay.’’ Connie spearheaded communication be-tween constituents and my office on this issue, providing updates to veteran service organiza-tions and other stakeholders, and working to ensure benefits parity for Guardsmen and Re-servists by correcting errors in the way the Department of Defense implemented this pro-gram. As coordinator for U.S. Service Academy nominations in the Fourth District, Connie has led an exemplary program, shepherding appli-cations from hundreds of students resulting in the nominations of scores of Minnesota’s best and brightest high school students to attend our nation’s prestigious service academies. Connie has touched the lives of hundreds of veterans, military personnel and their families in deep and meaningful ways through her thoughtful, patient and tireless advocacy on their behalf. Among the most poignant case-work successes include assisting the family of an ailing World War II veteran locate the serv-ice records necessary to award him the Bronze Star before he passed away. She also assisted a young soldier correct his military records, which allowed him to access GI Bill benefits to pursue a career in medicine and become a trauma surgeon. The National Guard Association of the United States Patrick Henry Award citation states it best: Connie Haddeland has distinguished herself by providing selfless and dedicated service to the Minnesota National Guard and the United States, by working long and tireless hours representing the members of the Na-tional Guard. Her steadfast professionalism, knowledge of Minnesota National Guard pri-orities, outreach efforts, and casework man-agement have significantly contributed to successful and meaningful legislation ad-vanced by Congresswoman McCollum on be-half of the men and women of the National Guard. Her dedicated service as a Con-stituent Services Representative and Service Academy Nominations Coordinator are in keeping with the finest traditions of the Na-tional Guard Association of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, I could not agree more. Please join me in paying tribute to Ms. Connie Haddeland for her many past and future con-tributions to our veterans, servicemen and women and their families. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. SANCHEZ’S SERVICE 
HON. ANDY BIGGS 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Roberto Sanchez, a resident of Arizona’s Fifth Congressional District, who re-tired from 35 years of federal service on Sep-tember 29, 2017. Mr. Sanchez began his ca-reer by serving for three years as a proud member of the United States Marine Corps. He then joined the legacy U.S. Immigration & Naturalization Service in 1985 as a Deporta-tion Officer, which later became Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE) in 2003. In 2003, Mr. Sanchez became a deputized member of the United States Marshal’s Serv-ice Fugitive Apprehension Task Force for the Northern District of Florida and five years later, he was promoted to Supervisory Depor-tation Officer. He helped establish direct over-sight to the Harris County Sheriff’s Office 287(g) program in Houston, Texas. The 287(g) program enables federal immigration officials to work directly with state and local law en-forcement to identify and remove criminal ille-gal aliens. In 2010, Mr. Sanchez was promoted to his fmal position of 287(g) Field Program Manager for ICE, where he managed and provided oversight to various 287(g) programs through-out the southwestern United States. These 287(g) programs include Harris County Sher-iff’s Office in Houston, Texas, Las Vegas Met-ropolitan Police Department, the Pinal County Sheriff’s Office in Florence, Arizona, and the Mesa Police Department. He was last as-signed to the ICE Field Office in Phoenix, Ari-zona. Mr. Sanchez has been a resident of Gilbert, Arizona since 2007. Outside of the office, Mr. Sanchez is a loyal fan of all Arizona sports teams. Most importantly, he is a dedicated family man and spends most of his time with his wife of 36 years, Shirley, his two children, Robert and Sandra, and his two Boston Ter-riers. I thank Mr. Sanchez for his extraordinary service and life commitment to our country, and congratulations to him on his retirement. f 
CONGRATULATING SARATOGA COUNTY PROSPERITY PARTNER-SHIP’S SILVER EXCELLENCE IN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AWARD 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Saratoga County Prosperity Partnership for receiving a Silver Excellence in Economic Development award for its 8@8 e- Newsletter. Saratoga County Prosperity Partnership is the leading agency in advancing economic de-velopment in Saratoga County. The Saratoga Partnership sends out a biweekly e-Newsletter featuring the top eight news items affecting the Saratoga County economy. 8@8 provides important information to stakeholders in the community as a way of creating opportunities that benefit business in Saratoga County. To recognize this important service, the Inter-national Economic Development Council pre-sented the Silver Excellence award to the Saratoga Partnership at its annual conference held in late September. This award reflects the Saratoga Partnership’s commitment to building a business environment where all companies can succeed. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate the Saratoga County Pros-perity Partnership on its well-deserved award. We are grateful that the Saratoga Partnership can provide this informative e-Newsletter to the people of Saratoga County. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MS. CHRISTINE DAVIS 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the life of a 7th District resi-dent, Ms. Christine Davis who made her tran-sition to be with the Lord on September 30, 2017. Christine Davis was born on December 20, 1934 in Bernie, Missouri to the union of Emmitt Davis and Carolyn Davis, both of whom preceded her in death. She was also preceded in death by her son Calvin Davis, brother Robert Davis and sister Darlene Armstread. Christine accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as her personal savior at an early age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.005 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1343 October 6, 2017 
under the leadership of Pastor Jesse G. Wil-son of Bernie, Missouri. Later she joined Gar-den of Prayer Missionary Baptist Church— under the leadership of Pastor Johnnie Haynie. She was a proud member of the usher board and president of the Mother’s Board. Christine relocated to the West Side of Chi-cago in the 1950’s. She loved her church and was a committed servant in attending worship, until her health prevented her to do so. Chris-tine made sure her wisdom and knowledge was passed to her family. She did everything necessary to help them succeed in life. Chris-tine lived a long and rich life. She will be re-membered as a thoughtful, caring and gen-erous person, who will be greatly missed and loved forever. Christine was employed by various jobs and later retired as a caretaker after 20 years of service. She loved spending time with her family and her church family. She prepared many great meals at home, which were en-joyed by all. Her hobbies were cooking, sew-ing, reading and watching the Chicago Bulls. Ms. Davis leaves to cherish her memories; her sisters Juanita Price, Jean Davidson and Margaret Hawes, her three daughters Elaine Rasberry (Eugene), Tarnesha Hawkins (Stan-ley) and Lawana, nine grandchildren, eleven great-grandchildren and a host of nieces, nephews, family and friends. I have no doubt that Ms. Christine Davis lived a fulfilling life and will be missed by all because ‘‘the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, not touched. But are felt in the heart.’’ Her family members are in my prayers, and it is my hope that her memory will give them comfort in the years to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SERVICE OF RUTH RILEY 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Ms. Ruth Riley, who served as my district scheduler for 16 years. It is hard to believe how quickly time passes, and throughout the years Ruth re-mains consistent and constant with a warmth and grace, which endears her to all. A daugh-ter of Ohio and a proud political science grad-uate of the University of Cincinnati, Ms. Riley moved to Atlanta to pursue a promising career in the private sector. In 2001, I invited her to join my Atlanta staff in the trusted position of serving as the district scheduler. As you well know, Mr. Speaker, scheduling is one of the most challenging and key posi-tions in any congressional office. This is espe-cially true in Georgia’s diverse and vibrant Fifth Congressional District. Every year, Ms. Riley works with me to review thousands of requests. In fact, there are more invitations for speeches, visits, and tours in Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District and the State of Geor-gia, than there are days in the year. It is never-ending work. Within our office, Ruth plays a critical role through a brand and perspective that is uniquely her own. As a result, many staff seek her counsel and comfort on difficult days. We all appreciate Ruth’s vibrant, work-life balance and love of life and art. Many know her appre-ciation of photography as a shutterbug enthu-siast, passion for beauty as a licensed esthetician, and commitment to service through the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. I know Ms. Riley’s family and friends play a critical role in supporting and shaping this dy-namic woman, and I personally believe the cherished memories of Ruth’s beloved grand-mother, Ms. V. Blondell Pryor, contribute to her work ethic and kindness. For these rea-sons, Mr. Speaker, I am particularly grateful to her family—especially her husband, James Preston Riley, Jr.; beautiful children—James Heru Thornton Riley, III, David Nkosi Erskine Riley, II, and Langston Amon Pryor Riley; and mother—Sandra Elizabeth Fletcher. Perhaps most importantly, Ms. Riley is a constant champion and advocate for each and every person; she treats everyone with a dis-tinct professionalism, courtesy, and compas-sion, which reflect her corporate experience and commitment to the principles of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of the Beloved Com-munity. Ruth remains committed to protecting the principles of democracy and ensuring the access of the people to their elected rep-resentative. It is for these reasons that I thank Ms. Ruth Riley for her trust, service, and commitment to my office and the people we serve. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, on October 5th, on Roll Call Votes 555, 556, and 557, I was not present because I was tending to my com-munity in Las Vegas, in the aftermath of the deadliest mass shooting in United States his-tory. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call vote 555, NAY on Roll Call vote 556, and NAY on Roll Call vote 557. 
f 
HONORING EDGAR BALLESTAS 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Edgar Ballestas, an extraordinary local photographer and winner of my 2017 cover photo challenge. Edgar’s image of the sun setting over the Rochester skyline is re-markable, and a testament to our city’s great beauty. Edgar is an English as a Second Language (ESOL) teacher for our local school district; and in his free time captures images through-out Rochester and Monroe County. His work often highlights our region’s proudest attrac-tions—the Susan B. Anthony and Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge, the Upper Falls in Letchworth State Park and much, much more. His pictures have even been hung in galleries like Image City Photography in Rochester. We should never lose sight of the districts and the constituents we fight for every day. Edgar’s photograph is a tribute and a reminder of why I come to Congress and work so hard for Rochester and Monroe County. I congratu-late Edgar on his work and his achievement and thank him for his tremendous submission. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. CHRIS DOMES 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to today to recognize Dr. Chris Domes and congratu-late him on the occasion of his inauguration as the sixth president of Neumann University in Aston, PA. Dr. Domes succeeds my friend of many years Dr. Rosalie Mirenda, who served Neumann and our wider community for more than four decades. Neumann University is a well-respected Catholic institution founded with the mission of nurturing the intellectual and religious spirit of its students. Neumann opened its doors as Our Lady of Angels College in 1965, with the Sisters of Saint Francis of Philadelphia edu-cating 115 female students. In the years since, it has welcomed male students and changed its name to honor Saint John Neumann, the fourth Bishop of Philadelphia and a pioneer in Catholic education in the United States. Today, Neumann educates almost 3,000 stu-dents and nearly 14,000 alumni have bene-fitted from their Neumann education. It was at a school not unlike Neumann where Dr. Domes found both his Catholic faith and his love of teaching—St. Bonaventure University, in Upstate New York. Since then, he has devoted his life to scholarship and wor-ship. Dr. Domes is exceptionally qualified for this position. He has over 31 years of experience in education and most recently served as president of Silver Lake College in Wisconsin. In this capacity, Dr. Domes oversaw a 52 per-cent expansion of the school’s enrollment and a 64 percent increase in annual fundraising. He is a proven leader who will bring years of relevant experience to Neumann. I know Dr. Domes will fit well into the Neu-mann University family and will work to make it stronger. I also wish Dr. Mirenda the best as she moves on from her position as President, and I wish the Neumann community continued prosperity with Dr. Domes at the helm. 
f 
HONORING ST. SYMPHOROSA PAR-ISH ON ITS 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. Symphorosa Parish, an exemplary Roman Catholic Parish on the Southwest Side of Chicago, Illinois, which is celebrating its 90th anniversary. Founded in 1927, St. Symphorosa Parish has remained a steadfast beacon to our local community. Father J. Leo Sharp established this parish as a place of worship to serve the religious and social needs of the people of the Clearing neighborhood. To this day, the parish continues to espouse the same welcoming spirit as it has from the outset. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.009 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1344 October 6, 2017 
In the 90 years since Father Sharp presided over the first Mass at St. Symphorosa, suc-ceeding generations have come to worship at this parish. The church, located at 6135 South Austin, has arduously carried out its mission in faith and in service to its community. All wor-shippers at the parish have come together and worked towards the fulfillment of their faith and the betterment of their community. The hard work that the parish undertakes has not gone unnoticed by the local commu-nity. St. Symphorosa runs a special ministry for children and young adults with develop-mental disabilities, hosts local Boy Scout and Cub Scout troops and operates a chapter of the St. Vincent de Paul Society to give back to those in need. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing St. Symphorosa Parish and congratulate them as they celebrate their 90th anniversary. May St. Symphorosa continue their great work in the community, while inspir-ing others through their mission and faith. 
f 
REMEMBERING FANNIE LOU HAMER, COURAGEOUS AND TIRE-LESS FIGHTER FOR VOTING RIGHTS AND SOCIAL JUSTICE WHO SPOKE TRUTH TO POWER AND TOUCHED THE CONSCIENCE OF THE NATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Congressional Black Cau-cus and a Co-Chair of the Congressional Vot-ing Rights Caucus, I rise in remembrance of Fannie Lou Hamer, a leading heroine of the Civil Rights Movement, a fearless fighter for voting rights and social justice who spoke truth to power and touched conscience of the na-tion. On this day, exactly 100 years ago, October 6, 1917, Fannie Lou Hamer was born in Mont-gomery County, Mississippi to Lou Ella and James Lee Townsend, the youngest of twenty children. Although she managed to complete several years of school, by adolescence Fannie Lou Hamer was picking hundreds of pounds of cot-ton a day. She would later meet and marry Perry Hamer, known as Pap, and work alongside him as sharecroppers at W.D. Marlow’s plan-tation near Ruleville, in Sunflower County, Mississippi. From these humble beginnings Fannie Lou Hamer would go on to become one of the iconic figures of the Civil Rights Movement that succeeded in bringing down the Jericho walls of de jure segregation and winning pas-sage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the greatest victory for civil rights and human dig-nity since the Emancipation Proclamation. Mr. Speaker, one of our proudest boasts as Americans is that ‘‘one person can make a dif-ference.’’ The life of Fannie Lou Hamer demonstrates that this is not an idle boast but a simple truth. Fannie Lou Hamer dedicated her life to the fight for civil rights, working for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, an orga-nization that engaged in acts of civil disobe-dience to fight racial segregation and injustice in the South. During the 1950s, when Fannie Lou Hamer was in her 30’s, she attended several annual conferences of the Regional Council of Negro Leadership (RCNL), a civil rights and self-help organization that ignited her passion for activ-ism. In 1962 Fannie Lou Hamer took up the call to try and register to vote in Mississippi, a state whose constitution and laws erected bar-riers such as poll taxes and literacy tests to disenfranchise African Americans. It was on the bus trip to Indianola, Mis-sissippi to register to vote that, in what would become her signature trait as an activist, she began singing African American spirituals such as ‘‘Go Tell It on the Mountain’’ and ‘‘This Lit-tle Light of Mine.’’ Singing spirituals reflected her firm belief that the struggle for civil rights was a righteous cause and toiling in this vineyard was the Christian thing to do. Fannie Lou Hamer’s courage and leadership in Indianola came to the attention of SNCC or-ganizer Bob Moses who recruited her to travel around the South doing organizing work for the organization. Being an African American activist was at that time in that place was dangerous, but that did not deter the fierce Fannie Lou Hamer: I guess if I’d had any sense, I’d have been a little scared—but what was the point of being scared? The only thing they could do was kill me, and it kinda seemed like they’d been trying to do that a little bit at a time since I could remember. 
During one of Fannie Lou Hamer’s trips she and other civil rights activists were arrested and badly beaten on the orders of police offi-cers. After recovering from the assault she re-turned to activism and the task of organizing voter registration drives: 
Sometimes it seem like to tell the truth today is to run the risk of being killed. But if I fall, I’ll fall five feet four inches forward in the fight for freedom. I’m not backing off. 
In 1964, Fannie Lou Hamer helped organize ‘‘Freedom Summer,’’ during which she was known by other activists as a motherly figure who strongly believed that the civil rights struggle should be broad-based and multi-ra-cial. Later that year, Fannie Lou Hamer helped to found and served as Vice-Chair of the Mis-sissippi Freedom Democratic Party (MDFP), which challenged the seating of the all-white and anti-civil rights Mississippi delegation to the Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. In Atlantic City, Fannie Lou Hamer ad-dressed the Democratic National Convention’s Credentials Committee, where she passion-ately recounted the problems she had encoun-tered in voter registration, including the vicious beatings she received in jail: 
All of this is on account we want to reg-ister to become first-class citizens, and if the Freedom Democratic Party is not seated now, I question America. Is this America, the land of the free and the home of the brave where we have to sleep with our tele-phones off the hooks because our lives be threatened daily because we want to live as decent human beings—in America? 
Fannie Lou Hamer’s raw, authentic, and powerful testimony was so compelling that President Lyndon Johnson hastily called a White House press conference to divert media attention, which succeeded temporarily until the broadcast networks replayed her speech, unedited and uninterrupted, on the evening news. Responding to Fannie Lou Hamer’s speech, viewers flooded the Democratic National Cre-dentials Committee with thousands of calls and letters demanding the seating of the Mis-sissippi Freedom Democratic Party delegates. Although the MDFP’s delegates were not seated, as a compromise the Democratic Party changed its bylaws to require equality of representation of state delegations to the na-tional convention, which led in turn to the se-lection of Fannie Lou Hamer as a delegate to the 1972 Democratic National Convention in Miami Beach, Florida. Fannie Lou Hamer died on March 14, 1977 in Mound Bayou, Mississippi at the age of 59, due to her poor health, a combination of a life-time in poverty, her 1963 beating, and a 1976 cancer diagnosis. Mr. Speaker, Fannie Lou Hamer was always about paying it forward: Never to forget where we came from and always praise the bridges that carried us over. 
As the third African American woman elect-ed to Congress from the State of Texas, the second to serve on the House Committee on the Judiciary, and the first to become the Ranking Democratic Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I am ever mindful and grateful of the sacrifices made by giants like Fannie Lou Hamer so that persons like me have the opportunity to serve and con-tribute to the greatness of our country. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of Fannie Lou Hamer on the 100th anniversary of her birth. Happy birthday Fannie Lou, you made a dif-ference; you made America better. 
f 
HONORING DARLENE TOOLEY ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Darlene Tooley, as she retires from Northern Circle Indian Housing Authority (NCIHA) after 39 years of exemplary service. NCIHA was formed in 1978, with Ms. Tooley as its founding Executive Director, to provide affordable housing to native families in North-ern California. Under her leadership, the orga-nization has worked with member tribes to ac-quire and place into trust over 1,000 acres of land, created 371 affordable homes, and re-placed over 30 dilapidated homes in native communities. Ms. Tooley also created First Time Homebuyer Down Payment Assistance and Tenant Based Rental Assistance pro-grams, which have helped numerous individ-uals secure housing. The breadth of Ms. Tooley’s civic contribu-tions include her service as a founding mem-ber of Indian Dispute Resolution Services, treasurer of the Nevada/California Indian Housing Association, and member of the board of directors of the Southwest Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.014 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1345 October 6, 2017 
Housing Association. She was selected by the Secretary of HUD to be a member of the first two negotiated rulemaking committees to de-velop regulations to implement Native Amer-ican Housing legislation. Darlene Tooley has led a career of service, dedicated to providing affordable housing to the Native American community. Please join me in congratulating her on her retirement and expressing our deep appreciation for her out-standing contributions to the tribes of Lake and Mendocino Counties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.016 E06OCPT1
D1063 Friday, October 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:30:05 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 10:30:40 a.m. until 9:15 a.m., on Tuesday, October 10, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 3989–3994; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 561 were introduced.
                                       Pages H7891–92 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H7892 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7891 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Phillip Ganir, SJ, Gonzaga Jesuit Community, Washington, DC.
            Page H7891 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 10:33 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on S. 585, the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06OC7.REC D06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1064 October 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:15 a.m., Tuesday, October 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE 9:15 a.m., Tuesday, October 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Biggs, Andy, Ariz., E1342 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E1341 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1339, E1342 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1344 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1344 Lewis, John, Ga., E1341, E1343 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1343 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1342 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1343 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E1343 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1341 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06OC7.REC D06OCPT1