Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, first and fore-most, I want to thank my colleagues, Rep. L
OISFRANKEL , Rep. B RENDA LAWRENCE , Rep. B
ARBARA LEE, Rep. A NNKUSTER , Rep. N ORMA  T
ORRES , Rep. S HEILA JACKSON LEE, Rep. D ON B
ACON , and Rep. M ARTHA MCSALLY, who spoke out during the May 2nd Special Order Hour on nonconsensual pornography in the military. It is critical that we continue to raise awareness about this topic and I am grateful to see Members from both parties coming to-gether to fight this predatory and humiliating practice taking place in our military. I would also like to specifically thank Reps. F
RANKEL  and L
AWRENCE for hosting the Special Order Hour on behalf of the Democratic Women’s Working Group. I am deeply passionate about stopping non-consensual pornography in the armed serv-ices, and was disappointed to miss the Spe-cial Order Hour. I had an unavoidable conflict, since at the same time I was serving as the Ranking Member of the House Armed Serv-ices Committee Military Personnel Hearing on the Annual Report on Sexual Harassment and Violence at the Military Service Academies. During the hearing, I listened to brave testi-mony from military survivors of sexual assault and harassment who also suffered retaliation after they came forward. All members of the military deserve protection from sexual vio-lence on the internet, in the academies, and every place else. Marines United, and other incidents of non-consensual pornography in the military, are examples of degrading behaviors that destroy careers and lives. When these horrific incidents occur, it is not about sex or social media policy; it is evidence of a culture of rot that is allowed to spread by military leadership. I am concerned that NCIS and military lead-ership is not taking this seriously—my staff found scores of nonconsensual pornography images on Tumblr in under 5 minutes with the search term ‘‘Tumblr Army naked.’’ These at-tacks go well beyond just the posting of the pictures. They are widespread and involve every branch of the military and all levels of command, as shown by the charge against Master Sgt. Theophilus Thomas. Why is it that other crimes are punished with a zero tolerance policy and the individual is removed from service, while stalking, har-assment, and the destruction of your col-league’s career fails to warrant the same pun-ishment from the military? These crimes pose a serious threat to troop readiness and morale and must be treated as such. I am proud to be a co-lead with Congress-woman M
CSALLY on the PRIVATE Act, which would make posting consensually taken, but nonconsensually distributed intimate photos il-legal under the UCMJ. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join together and support the PRIVATE Act and the brave men and women who put their lives on the line in service to our country. f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 4, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the American Health Care Act. My colleagues across the aisle tried and failed once before to consider this bill, but they pulled it from the House floor because they didn’t have the votes. Today, they seek to pass this. amended bill, but it’s just as flawed as the first. The changes will hurt seniors, veterans, the sick, and middle and low-income individuals. Essential health benefits guaranteed in the Af-fordable Care Act can now be waived, com-prising quality health care for those with pre- existing conditions, expectant mothers, and in-dividuals seeking mental health and substance abuse treatment. Ultimately, millions of Ameri-cans will be harmed by this bill. This second attempt to rush a vote on our nation’s health care, without a revised Con-gressional Budget Office score, was quickly and carelessly crafted to meet arbitrary, dead-lines and ill-conceived campaign promises. Protecting the central coast of California’s health care, particularly for the most vulner-able among us, is one of my top priorities. I urge my colleagues in the Majority party to focus not on partisan interests but serve the people. I will be voting no on this bill. I urge my colleagues across the aisle to do the same. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. ROSE- M
CCARTHY CATHOLIC SCHOOL 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 8, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my alma mater, St. Rose-McCar-thy Catholic School on its 100th anniversary. In 1911, the school’s founder, Father Philip Scher, became pastor of St. Brigid Church, with hopes of eventually expanding to build a hospital and a Catholic parochial school near the church. The hospital was established two years later in 1913 and was staffed by Domini-can Sisters of Kenosha. Four years later, on August 31, 1917, St. Rose Catholic School, named after St. Rose of Lima, the first Amer-ican Dominican saint, was established and was staffed by three teaching sisters. The first location of the school was in a Holy Names Society hall behind the church. The school consisted of three classrooms, sepa-rated by folding partitions where seventy-five eager students came to learn. By 1919, the teaching staff increased to five sisters and a porch was enclosed to create more class-rooms and a garage was used as a kinder-garten. In 1921, Father Peter H. McNellis im-proved the school aesthetically, added two more class rooms, and added a kitchen. En-rollment then doubled and in the following years more improvements were made to the school. In 1941, Thomas McCarthy, a parishioner, donated a generous gift to the parish in his will with the purpose of constructing a new pa-rochial school. The new school was con-structed and renamed Thomas McCarthy School in his honor. Enrollment continued to increase to 450 students, leaving the teaching sisters with their hands full. In 1997 the school was renamed from Thomas McCarthy School to a combination of its former name and its current name to create St. Rose-McCarthy Catholic School. Currently, there are 135 students in grades preschool through 8th grade. The school remains an ex-cellent educational institution in the Central Valley; it was built by, and continues to be successful due to, faithful volunteers, gen-erous donors, and the Dominican Sisters of Kenosha. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating St. Rose-McCarthy Catholic School on their 100th anniversary, and wish them continued success for many years to come. f 
HONORING MAJOR EFRAIN REYNA, JR. 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 8, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major Efrain Reyna Jr. of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedi-cation to duty and service to the Nation. After four years of faithful service in the nation’s capital, Major Reyna will transition from his present assignment as a Budget Liaison at Department of the Army Headquarters to civil-ian life back in the Great State of Texas. Major Reyna has demonstrated the invalu-able service that Army Congressional Liaisons provide Congress. He enabled countless Members and staff in developing a better un-derstanding of Army policies, operations, and requirements. His first-hand knowledge of mili-tary needs, culture, and tradition were of tre-mendous benefit to Congressional offices. Prior to service as a Liaison, Major Reyna was assigned to my office as a Military Fellow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08MY8.001 E08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE616 May 8, 2017 
where he quickly became an indispensable asset to my team. His performance was su-perb and he earned my utmost respect. His ability to build relationships and create oppor-tunities aided me greatly in securing legislative language in support of the 2009 Fort Hood shooting victims, an effort that had been a pri-ority of mine for 5 years. A native Texan from the Rio Grande Valley, Major Reyna is a distinguished military grad-uate from Saint Mary’s University where he earned a commission in the Army Aviation branch. He served with the 101st Airborne Di-vision as a Chinook helicopter pilot and pla-toon leader. From here, he deployed on his first combat tour to Afghanistan as a flight pla-toon leader in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Efrain also served with the 1st Cav-alry Division at Fort Hood, Texas, ‘‘the Great Place.’’ While there, he served in various lead-ership positions to include Chinook company commander and support battalion operations officer. Efrain conducted his second combat deployed to Afghanistan with the 1st Air Cav-alry Brigade as a company commander. His dedication to excellence has not gone unnoticed. Major Reyna’s awards and decora-tions include the Bronze Star Medal, Meri-torious Service Medal, Air Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and numerous others. He has earned the Senior Aviator Badge, Ranger Tab, Airborne Wings, and Air Assault Wings. Efrain is a graduate of the Marine Expeditionary Warfare School. He also completed a Master’s Degree from George Washington University during his time here, demonstrating his com-mitment as a Warrior and a Scholar. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to recog-nize the selfless service of Major Efrain Reyna and the support and dedication of his wife Kelly Ann and their two sons, Isaac Lee Reyna and Zachary Miers. I wish them the very best as they complete over twelve years of honorable service to our great nation and proceed to the next chapter in their lives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JESSICA NALEPA 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 8, 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jessica Nalepa, an outstanding member of my staff who is transitioning out of my office after seven years to share her tal-ents with the administration. A Virginia native, Jessi interned in my office while she was in school at George Mason Uni-versity where she earned her Bachelor of Arts in Government & International Politics and Communications, graduating cum Laude. De-spite her East Coast upbringing, Jessi soon became an honorary Texan through and through. Her outstanding work as an intern swiftly led her to become a permanent part of my team as the Director of Scheduling. Continuing to demonstrate her talents and work ethic, she moved through the ranks of my office fast: first from Scheduler to Deputy Chief of Staff and then ending her service to me as my Chief of Staff Jessi has been an integral part of my team and has served dutifully as a public servant to Texas–10 and the entire state. She also played an instrumental role in my personal growth here in Congress when she helped me in my campaign to become Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee during the 113th Congress. Possibly the toughest part of Jessi’s job was balancing my duties to serve Texans through my personal office and simultaneously ensure the safety of all Americans through my work on the committee. Despite the challenges this posed on a daily basis, Jessi always went above and beyond. She managed these dy-namics with professionalism, integrity, and a high degree of respect for the people who we serve. And, I’ll add she accomplished all of this while earning a Master’s Degree in Public Policy Analysis from George Mason Univer-sity. Jessi’s dedication to Texas’ 10th Congres-sional District and the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives is an extraordinary example of her strong commitment to her country and fel-low citizens. Even though she is departing my office, Jessi will always be part of Team McCaul and I will be forever grateful for her work. Jessi is possibly the hardest worker I have had the honor to know, and she will be sorely missed by all. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in thanking Jessi for her service to the great state of Texas and our nation, and wish her the very best of luck as she sets forth on the next chapter of her life. f 
HONORING MR. TED HALL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Ted Hall, who is being honored as the 2017 Napa Valley Grow-er of the Year at the Napa Valley Grapegrowers’ 42nd annual dinner. Mr. Hall has a long and successful history of management and leadership within the wine industry in California and throughout the na-tion. A native of Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, Mr. Hall received his undergraduate degree from Princeton University and went on to earn his MBA from Stanford University. Before coming to Napa Valley, Mr. Hall de-veloped his true love of the land while living on his family’s farm in the township of Potter, Pennsylvania. He served in the U.S. Marine Corps and is an active jazz trombonist and piano player. Mr. Hall exemplifies the values of the Napa Valley Grapegrowers. He is dedicated, shows good judgement, and pays attention to the de-tails that matter. He has served as President & CEO of Long Meadow Ranch since 1989. Additionally, Mr. Hall serves on the board of directors for numerous educational, charitable, and arts organizations. Drawing on his knowl-edge and success in the vineyard industry, Mr. Hall represents and advocates on behalf of growers as Chairman of the Napa Valley Grapegrowers and as a member of the Indus-try Issues Committee. As someone who shares his great commu-nity pride for Napa Valley, Mr. Hall looks to the region’s future by sharing his expertise with the next generation of growers and farm-ers. He is the current Chairman of the St. Hel-ena High School Agriculture Education Com-mittee and the Napa County Agriculture Pro-tection Advisory Committee (APAC). Mr. Hall supports multiple conservation easements in Napa County and is a member of a variety of public and private organizations involved in food and agriculture. Mr. Speaker, Ted Hall has had a remark-able career as a business leader in our Napa Valley community. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
PROVIDING RELIEF FROM THE FAILED OBAMACARE EXPERIMENT 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 8, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I promised the people of the Thirty-Sixth District of Texas that I would repeal Obamacare and replace it with conservative solutions. President Donald J. Trump was elected on this same platform. Last week we came together to fulfill that promise. After years of speeches, debates, elections and ‘‘show votes’’ that we knew would be ve-toed or go nowhere in the Senate, last week’s vote was the real deal. This was perhaps the most important and consequential domestic policy legislation any of us will ever see. To begin with, it serves as the largest enti-tlement reform of the Medicaid program in the program’s history and eliminates the individual and employer mandate penalties. It also stops mandatory spending on large abortion busi-nesses, such as Planned Parenthood, for one year. It isn’t the exact bill I would have written, but I am proud to say that I voted YES on the AHCA. While Republicans alone provided the votes to pass this bill, it was still the product of finding common ground to provide the American people with relief from Obamacare. Members of our conference from every ide-ological stripe and every type of district came together to improve the bill and to secure its passage. While we could certainly write a better one that allows for insurance sales across state lines, gives consumers better choices about the plans and benefits they want, and tears down the anti-trust exemption for insurers— the absurd tightrope we must walk to comply with the Senate’s reconciliation rules has forced us to write this bill with one hand tied behind our back. Like their colleagues here, Senate Demo-crats have made clear that preserving the failed experiment of Obamacare matters more than anything else, and that they would launch a fake, phony Filibuster if anything came to the Senate that did not comply with the Sen-ate procedure known as the ‘‘Byrd Rule.’’ I was extremely pleased to be part of House passage of AHCA last week and now look to the Senate to move the road blocks that con-tinue to threaten our conservative agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MY8.004 E08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE617 May 8, 2017 
IN HONOR OF PATRICK LEONARD 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 8, 2017 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Patrick Leonard of Dubuque, Iowa for his year of service as President of the Iowa Funeral Directors Association. A fellow graduate of my own alma mater, Loras College, Mr. Leonard has successfully owned and operated his funeral home in Du-buque since 1990. His year as President of the Association has been marked by faithful leadership of the IFDA Board of Governors as they pursued IFDA’s mission of promoting and supporting funeral service excellence. Since coming to Congress in 2014, I have seen firsthand the dedication, enthusiasm, and passion that Mr. Leonard brings to his profes-sion every day. Last summer, we were hon-ored to have Mr. Leonard represent the IFDA at my congressional office’s Dubuque Senior Wellness Fair. He understands that leadership is about stepping up and getting involved per-sonally in service of the mission. Mr. Leonard also finds time to give back to his community. Just last year, after months of preparation and coordination with the U.S. Navy, Mr. Leonard oversaw the return of a WWII veteran’s remains back to Iowa. Mr. Leonard expressed to me how much of an honor this was for him, and how this project signified the importance of funeral services to those who pass, and their loved ones. On behalf of the nearly 700 licensed funeral directors in Iowa, I want to again thank and recognize Mr. Leonard for his exemplary serv-ice as President of the IFDA. 
f 
HONORING THE TREFETHEN FAMILY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Trefethen family, John, Janet, Lorenzo, Hailey and, post-humously, Eugene and Catherine, for their hard work, dogged perseverance and commu-nity involvement. The Trefethen family first restored their his-toric McIntyre Winery, which is on the National Register for Historic Places, in 1973. In Au-gust of 2014 the largest earthquake in the Bay Area since 1989 caused significant damage to the winery. Rather than scrapping their winemaking operations and moving elsewhere, they stayed and rebuilt the winery and will hold a celebratory re-opening this week. Led largely by Hailey, the McIntyre building has been resurrected and now includes a new base that is earthquake resistant. The McIn-tyre building today contains 85 percent of the original building material and will use the same 19th century pipes to distill the famous Trefthen family wine. When Gene moved to the Napa Valley 50 years ago, the Trefethen family began a long tradition of community involvement. The family donates wine to many community events an-nually to be auctioned for charitable causes in-cluding children at risk and the environment, two of the family’s passions. The Wine Community is integral to our way of life in my district. The Trefethen family has done more than their part to support our com-munity. John was the founding President of the Napa Valley Grapegrowers and has served multiple terms on the Napa Valley Vinters Board. Janet served on the Board of Directors for the Queen of the Valley Founda-tion and founded the Oak Knoll District of Napa Valley, where she lead the effort to have it recognized as an American Viticulture Area in 2004. Hailey recently finished serving terms on the Board of California Institute and the Napa Valley Vintners. Mr. Speaker, on May 7, the Trefethen’s will host their winery’s grand re-opening. True to their love of community, it will feature local high school choirs, vocalists and a barbershop quartet. They have worked hard to preserve their winery. It is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 9, 2017 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 10 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To receive a closed briefing on United States special operations capabilities to counter Russian influence and un-conventional warfare operations in the ‘‘Grey Zone’’. SVC–217 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on National Security and International Trade and Finance To hold hearings to examine secondary sanctions against Chinese institutions, focusing on assessing their utility for constraining North Korea. SD–538 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine state views on the need to modernize the Endan-gered Species Act. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine emerging external influences in the Western Hemisphere. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 934, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and S. 1028, to provide for the establish-ment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy. SD–G50 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine cyber threats facing America, focusing on an overview of the cybersecurity threat landscape. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, and Makan Delrahim, of California, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, and Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine growth poli-cies for the new Administration. SD–608 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine S. 440, to es-tablish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 677, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new sur-face water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Ag-riculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, S. 685, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-thority System and the Musselshell- Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, S. 930, to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administra-tion to establish a pilot project to pro-vide increased transparency for cus-tomers, S. 1012, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1029, to amend the Pub-lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to exempt certain small hydro-electric power projects that are apply-ing for relicensing under the Federal Power Act from the licensing require-ments of that Act, and S. 1030, to re-quire the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on certain hydropower projects. SD–366 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 458, to support the education of Indian chil-dren, and S. 691, to extend Federal rec-ognition to the Chickahominy Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MY8.008 E08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE618 May 8, 2017 
Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe- Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe; to be imme-diately followed by a hearing to exam-ine S. 772, to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants, and S. 825, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Re-gional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine law enforce-ment access to data stored across bor-ders, focusing on facilitating coopera-tion and protecting rights. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Vet-erans Choice Program and the future of care in the community. SR–418 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine aging with community, focusing on building con-nections that last a lifetime. SD–562 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Althea Coetzee, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration. SR–428A MAY 11 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine pesticide registration under the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodentcide Act, focusing on providing stakeholders with certainty through the Pesticide Registration Improvement Act. SR–328A Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine cyber pol-icy, strategy, and organization. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the status of the housing finance system after nine years of conservatorship. SD–538 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement au-thorities, S. 583, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers, and S. 867, to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforce-ment officers. SD–226 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine worldwide threats. SH–216 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine the Choice 2.0 veterans program, focusing on what worked, what didn’t, and what needs to happen next. SD–124 1:30 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine worldwide threats. SH–219 MAY 17 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the growing Russian military threat in Europe, fo-cusing on assessing and addressing the challenge. SVC–208 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Govern-ment Accountability Office’s high risk list for Indian programs. SD–628 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine United States military small arms require-ments. SR–232A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M08MY8.000 E08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D502 Monday, May 8, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2785—S2820 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 1064–1070, and S. Res. 159.
                                                          Pages S2800–01 
Measures Passed: Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act: Senate passed S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
                                                                                            Page S2814 
Pueblo of Santa Clara Land Lease: Senate passed S. 249, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land. 
                                                                                            Page S2814 
National Sexual Assault Awareness Month: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 159, recognizing and sup-porting the goals and ideals of National Sexual As-sault Awareness Month.
                                         Page S2814 
Gottlieb Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services.
                                                                          Page S2796 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 57 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 123), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2796 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 9, 2017, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; and that all time during recess, ad-journment, morning business and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S2815 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 76 yeas to 22 nays (Vote No. EX. 122), Heather Wilson, of South Dakota, to be Secretary of the Air Force.
                                                      Pages S2785–96 Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Matthew Bassett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Idaho. Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Okla-homa. Damien Michael Schiff, of California, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. 7 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2819–20 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2799 
Executive Communications:               Pages S2799–S2800 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2801–02 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2802–03 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2798–99 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2803 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—123)
                                                        Pages S2795–96 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:31 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2815.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MY7.REC D08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D503 May 8, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN THE 2016 ELECTION Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concluded a hearing to examine Rus-sian interference in the 2016 United States election, after receiving testimony from Sally Quillian Yates, former Acting Attorney General, Atlanta, Georgia; and James R. Clapper, former Director of National Intelligence, Fairfax, Virginia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 2399–2404; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 318 were introduced.
                                       Pages H4185–86 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4186 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 1039, to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers au-thority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the performance of of-ficial duties (H. Rept. 115–112).
                     Page H4185 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Aderholt to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4183 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4183. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9:07 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:11 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D473) 
H.R. 244, making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. Signed on May 5, 2017. (Public Law 115–31) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 9, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hear-ings to examine United States democracy assistance, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Cyber Command; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David L. Norquist, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary (Comptroller), Robert Daigle, of Vir-ginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, and Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, all of the Department of Defense, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine maritime transportation, focusing on opportu-nities and challenges for the Maritime Administration and Federal Maritime Commission, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to hold hearings to examine water resources, focusing on the role of the public and private sectors, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China, Tulinabo Salama Mushingi, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concurrently and with-out additional compensation as Ambassador to the Re-public of Guinea-Bissau, Todd Philip Haskell, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo, and rou-tine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State; to be immediately followed by a hearing to ex-amine the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MY7.REC D08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD504 May 8, 2017 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 9 through May 12, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, post-cloture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: May 11, to hold hearings to examine pesticide registration under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodentcide Act, focusing on providing stakeholders with certainty through the Pesticide Registration Improvement Act, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: May 9, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine United States democracy assistance, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. May 11, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine the Choice 2.0 veterans program, focusing on what worked, what didn’t, and what needs to happen next, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: May 9, to hold hearings to examine United States Cyber Command; with the possi-bility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. May 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David L. Norquist, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary (Comptroller), Robert Daigle, of Vir-ginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, and Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, all of the Department of Defense, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. May 10, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities, to receive a closed briefing on United States special operations capabilities to counter Russian influ-ence and unconventional warfare operations in the ‘‘Grey Zone’’, 10 a.m., SVC–217. May 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine cyber policy, strategy, and organization, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 10, Subcommittee on National Security and International Trade and Finance, to hold hearings to examine secondary sanctions against Chinese institutions, focusing on assess-ing their utility for constraining North Korea, 10 a.m., SD–538. May 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the status of the housing finance system after nine years of conservatorship, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: May 10, to hold hearings to ex-amine growth policies for the new Administration, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 9, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hear-ings to examine maritime transportation, focusing on op-portunities and challenges for the Maritime Administra-tion and Federal Maritime Commission, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 10, Sub-committee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to ex-amine S. 440, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Res-ervoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 677, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new surface water storage projects on lands under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture and to designate the Bureau of Rec-lamation as the lead agency for permit processing, S. 685, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, S. 930, to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide in-creased transparency for customers, S. 1012, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1029, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to exempt certain small hydro-electric power projects that are applying for relicensing under the Federal Power Act from the licensing require-ments of that Act, and S. 1030, to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on certain hydropower projects, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 9, Sub-committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to hold hearings to examine water resources, focusing on the role of the public and private sectors, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. May 10, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine state views on the need to modernize the Endangered Species Act, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 9, business meeting to consider the nominations of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China, Tulinabo Salama Mushingi, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concur-rently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, Todd Philip Haskell, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nomination of John J. Sul-livan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 10, Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MY7.REC D08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D505 May 8, 2017 Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine emerging external influences in the Western Hemisphere, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: May 10, business meeting to consider S. 934, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and ex-tend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and S. 1028, to provide for the establishment and main-tenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 10, to hold hearings to examine cyber threats facing America, focusing on an overview of the cybersecurity threat landscape, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: May 10, business meeting to consider S. 458, to support the education of Indian children, and S. 691, to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe—Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe; to be immediately fol-lowed by a hearing to examine S. 772, to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants, and S. 825, to provide for the con-veyance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Re-gional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: May 10, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, and Makan Delrahim, of California, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, and Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 10, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine law enforcement access to data stored across borders, focusing on facilitating cooperation and protecting rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. May 11, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt re-porting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, S. 583, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement of-ficers, and S. 867, to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforcement officers, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 10, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Althea Coetzee, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration, 3 p.m., SR–428A. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: May 10, to hold hearings to examine the Veterans Choice Program and the future of care in the community, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 9, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. May 11, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine worldwide threats, 10 a.m., SH–216. May 11, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine worldwide threats, 1:30 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: May 10, to hold hearings to examine aging with community, focusing on building connections that last a lifetime, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MY7.REC D08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD506 May 8, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Thursday, May 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E616 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E617 Carter, John R., Tex., E615 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E616 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E615 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E615 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E616, E617 Valadao, David G., Calif., E615 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08MY7.REC D08MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST