Mr. JONES. Madam Speaker, for the past few years, I have been on the floor from time to time railing on the loss of life and waste of money in Afghani-stan. I believe we have too many in Congress who are not listening to our men and women in uniform and are ac-tually not even listening to the tax-payers who are paying the bill to be in Afghanistan. From articles written about paying for ghost soldiers—that means that they don’t exist—to the Department of Defense spending $6 million to buy nine goats, the stories just go on and on and on. There are so many examples of waste, fraud, and abuse, it is time that we in Congress realize that it is not in our best interest to stay there for 16 more years. We have already been there 16 years. And, you know, you get to a point that you just wonder. And so many of our young men and women who have fought for our country in Iraq and Afghanistan are special heroes to all of us, and we know that. This is about the policy of the Congress, not the military policy. Recently, I read an article that the former President of Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai, has actually been meet-ing with the Russians and asking the Russians to come back to Afghanistan, and he, Hamid Karzai, will set up meet-ings with the Taliban. But sometimes you just wonder who in the world is watching this absolutely wild crazy world of Afghanistan. Then this past week, there was an-other article, and I will read the title of the article, Madam Speaker: ‘‘Chi-nese Troops Appear to Be Operating in Afghanistan and the Pentagon is Okay With It.’’ Again, I repeat myself: after 16 years of war in Afghanistan, hasn’t the American soldier done enough? Hasn’t the American taxpayer paid enough for goats and paying ghost soldiers? 200,000 Afghans who don’t even exist are get-ting paid, so that means that the money ends up in the hands of the Taliban or the village leaders. You know, if the Chinese want to spend 16 years in Afghanistan, so be it. Let them have it. Think about the history of Afghani-stan, Madam Speaker. Alexander the Great was the first, and then we had the Brits that went in. In fact, Winston Churchill was a young reporter when they were in Afghanistan and he was very disillusioned with that world. Then the Russians went in for 10 years and then they left, and now we have been there 16 years. Afghanistan is a graveyard of empires. It is time for us to start looking at the sensibility of what we are doing there and does it make any sense, which is a better way of saying it. I think that at some time, Afghani-stan being the graveyard of empires, there is probably a headstone that says ‘‘Russia.’’ After 16 years, maybe there will be a headstone that says ‘‘USA.’’ And who knows? If the Chinese go and stay 16 years, there might be another headstone that says ‘‘China.’’ At that time, maybe the ghost soldiers can take the $6 million goats out to the graveyard and let them eat the grass or something. I don’t know, Madam Speaker. It gets a little bit crazy. It really does. It is time for this Congress to debate wheth-er our policy is to stay in Afghanistan or to come home from Afghanistan. I close with this. These two little girls from my district are Eden and Stephanie Balduf. Their daddy, Kevin Balduf, was a sergeant from Camp Lejeune, which is in my district. He and Colonel Palmer, from Cherry Point Marine Air Station, which also is in my district, were sent to Afghanistan to train Afghanis to be policemen. These two little girls are at the fu-neral of their daddy. Their daddy, Ser-geant Kevin Balduf, emailed his wife the day before he was shot and killed, along with Colonel Palmer, and said: I don’t trust them. I don’t trust them. I don’t trust any of them. So I say to these two little girls, your United States Congress needs to debate whether we need to stay in Af-ghanistan longer than the 16 years we have been there, or is it time to say we have done our job and it is time to come home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.000 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1598 March 8, 2017 
DAY WITHOUT A WOMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) for 5 min-utes. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Madam Speaker, today I rise to stand in solidarity on a Day Without a Woman. You will see women in red today and men with red ties in honor of today. It is 2017 and we still need a Day Without a Woman to remind this ad-ministration and Republicans in Con-gress that women deserve equal pay and access to affordable health care. Just yesterday, the assault on women continued with the GOP’s plan to pay more for less in healthcare legislation that will restrict a woman’s right to comprehensive healthcare coverage. The Republican bill also defunds Planned Parenthood. Women with no-where else to turn will lose access to essential preventative care and afford-able contraception. This is very personal for me. When I was growing up, we were poor. I had a sister that got pregnant at 15 and an-other one that got pregnant at 16. I, myself, had a condition that required me to get on a contraceptive to deal with pain that I had. I had nowhere to turn. I, myself, had to go to a clinic that saw me on a sliding scale; other-wise, I would have had nowhere to go. The fact that we are facing the threat of losing this today for women and preventive care is beyond incom-prehensible to me and scary. On this day today, without a woman, I also think about women, women like Rosa Parks, the mothers, the daugh-ters and grandchildren that took part in the Women’s March on January 21, women at the forefront of every fight for equality. I stand today with women like my mother, Teresa, an immigrant from Mexico, who raised a large family and who took care of my father when he was sick and continues to support me today. I stand today to fight for equal pay for equal work because women—and Latinas in particular—are paid only 54 cents for every $1 paid to White men. I fight in Congress for American fam-ilies so that they have economic sta-bility and can make ends meet and set their kids off to a brighter future. I will continue to fight with my sisters in Congress for health care, for immi-gration, and for human rights. All of these are women’s rights. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE 2017 MONKEY MADNESS 5K RUN AND WALK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ONES ). The Chair recognizes the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage everyone in south Florida to come out to Zoo Miami this Sunday, March 12, for the Families for Fragile X Monkey Madness 5K Run/ Walk. Fragile X syndrome is the most com-mon cause of inherited intellectual dis-ability, which results in a wide range of mental and physical impairments. It is also the most common known ge-netic cause of autism. Through events like the upcoming 5K run/walk, organizations like the Na-tional Fragile X Foundation and the Families for Fragile X are working to raise awareness and advance groundbreaking research. These events also bring together those impacted by fragile X in our community and pro-vide them with essential support and encouragement so that no one family has to go through this journey alone. I ask everyone in south Florida to join Michele and her son Matthew, as well as hundreds of other patients, caregivers, and friends whose lives have been impacted by fragile X, this Sunday for the Monkey Madness 5K Run/Walk. You can register at familiesforfragilex.com. RECOGNIZING THE FRIENDSHIP CIRCLE OF MIAMI  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Friendship Circle of Miami, a program provided by the Chabad of Kendall & Pinecrest that offers much-needed acceptance to chil-dren and young individuals with spe-cial needs by providing them with the skills to become our future leaders. Since its inception, the Friendship Circle has provided these vulnerable members of our society the oppor-tunity to participate in many pro-grams like organized sports or visual and performing arts, all while building lasting friendships. The Friendship Circle has grown from a small organization that started in Detroit to now having chapters all across our Nation and, indeed, around the world. I would like to offer a spe-cial congratulations to our Miami chapter, as it recently held its annual Walk for Friendship, raising awareness and support for the programs and serv-ices offered to our youth. Mr. Speaker, it is organizations like Friendship Circle that serve as the pil-lar of equality and celebrate each per-son’s individual qualities that make them great. I ask south Florida to join members of our community like the Pardo family—Angel, Rosie, and An-drew—in bringing a smile to the faces of some very special children in our community. 
CELEBRATING THE 56TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE  
PEACE CORPS  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, March 1 marked the 56th anniversary of the Peace Corps. The Peace Corps’ talented volunteers have accomplished a lot over the years, serving in over 140 countries across the globe. They have changed millions of lives, provided im-measurable technical assistance to communities in need, and helped create a better understanding between Ameri-cans and peoples abroad. In 2011, I was proud to author a bill that helped protect Peace Corps volun-teers. The Senate companion to that bill became law as the Kate Puzey Act, establishing policies that improved volunteer safety and ensured that they would have the resources necessary to contend with emergencies. Peace Corps volunteers exemplify the extraordinary compassion and leader-ship of our great Nation, and their se-curity is paramount as they carry out their missions abroad. I congratulate the Peace Corps on its 56th anniver-sary, and I wish it even greater success in the years ahead. CONGRATULATING JONATHAN AGUIAR AND THE  
KNOW MORE CAMPAIGN  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Jonathan Aguiar, a wonderful student at Chris-topher Columbus High School, whom I recently met, for his efforts that are known as KNOW MORE. He started this organization KNOW MORE, and it is an organization founded to raise awareness about sexual assault on high school campuses in south Florida. Anyone, regardless of age, can be-come a victim of sexual assault. Unfor-tunately, it is a crime that often goes unreported due to the detrimental scars felt by some victims. By joining together to create KNOW MORE, Jona-than and his friends have undertaken a noble effort to support victims, protect others from harm, and prepare high school students to make informed deci-sions. I thank Jonathan and Christopher Columbus High School for their work and advocacy to combat this issue that affects so many in our community and across the Nation. 
f 
MARINES UNITED The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, 4 years ago, I stood on this same floor and con-demned the online bullying of U.S. Ma-rine Corps servicewomen on a public Facebook page. Today I stand before you again, incredulous, angry, and sad, to say that absolutely nothing has changed. This weekend, news broke that the Department of Defense is investigating scores of enlisted marines for com-piling thousands of naked photos of other marines—servicewomen—often surreptitiously, and distributing them through Facebook and Google Drive. The site in question is called ‘‘Marines United,’’ claiming a membership of over 30,000 people. The photos are being tightly held due to the ongoing investigation, but all indications are they are just as repul-sive as what we saw 4 years ago. b1015 The report contains samples of the comments posted about female ma-rines, which are too obscene to read on the House floor. Online commentators also reportedly called for the rape of some of the marines portrayed in the photos, which is terrifying, given many of the women are identified by name and base. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.003 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1599 March 8, 2017 
This is not about sex or fun or boys will be boys. This is about marines de-liberately trying to degrade, humiliate, and threaten fellow marines. They en-couraged stalking, distributed stolen intimate photos, and reduced their comrades to a collection of body parts. Well, I am here to say that women marines will not be treated like sides of beef. They are warriors and should be treated as such. As one female marine who recently completed the once male-only infantry training said: ‘‘Right now I’m supposed to be able to trust every male marine. And with some of the stuff I see them saying about women, that’s just not happening.’’ This cultural rot, which has clearly regressed even further since 2013, harms our troops and our readiness. It is abundantly clear that this is not a few bad marines; rather, it is another example of a culture of rot. It is a blight that infects not just the ranks of the enlisted, but also the officer corps. Military leadership has utterly failed in their responsibility to protect their troops, punish those involved, and up-hold the professed values of the Corps. That is why the survivors of this latest atrocity did not have the confidence to notify their superiors, for fear of ret-ribution. It took a marine veteran and blogger to blow the whistle, and for that, he has been threatened with death and his wife has been threatened with rape. Back in 2013, then-Commandant Gen-eral Amos wrote to me saying, ‘‘We share your indignation,’’ regarding de-plorable images on social media that denigrate women in the United States Marine Corps. They were words—just words. I fear that military leadership will say anything to placate Congress and an outraged public, but then do nothing. I recently had the opportunity to meet with Secretary of Defense James Mattis. I found him to be engaging, thoughtful, and committed to our troops. Secretary Mattis is also a re-tired marine. Secretary Mattis, I hope that you are deeply disturbed by what we are seeing within the Corps. I hope that you are listening to servicewomen like the one whose private photos were posted in the 2013 Facebook group. One left the service in 2015, and says that just knowing her pictures are still out there has silenced her. She said: ‘‘I wanted to be a positive influence on the community. And this diminished me. It took away everything.’’ Secretary Mattis, this must change now. I call on you to hold your leader-ship accountable for these failures; to establish a culture of dramatic change. That means heads should roll. Talk is cheap. Action is what is need-ed for the integrity of the military. Survivors must be supported. That will only happen if those bad marines are drummed out of the Corps, with no ex-ceptions. JCC THREATS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) for 5 minutes. Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I rise today because there have now recently been at least 100 threats made against more than 75 Jewish community cen-ters across the country. These threats and the recent vandalism of Jewish cemeteries are despicable. I can prob-ably find much more harsh language to use, but we probably shouldn’t use it here on the House floor. Community centers of all faiths should be places where people can find peace and not feel targeted for their be-liefs. As a nation, we have to dem-onstrate that we will do everything within our power to prevent future threats and stop potential attacks. One of my first acts as a new Member of Congress was to join the bipartisan task force to combat anti-Semitism. I am sad that we even have to do this. Our group works across the aisle to combat global anti-Semitism. I have also cosponsored the Combating Euro-pean Anti-Semitism Act, which in-structs the Secretary of State to track anti-Semitism in Europe. But it is clear from these attacks, Madam Speaker, that we must also do far more here at home to combat anti- Semitism. In the coming days, I will be working with my colleagues, both Re-publicans and Democrats, to determine the additional steps that we can take to combat anti-Semitism in the United States and keep our communities safe. I make this encouragement. I encour-age all of my colleagues to ask them-selves one question: What if it were their child’s elementary school? What if it were their child’s daycare? What if it were their child’s afterschool pro-gram that had the threat of a bomb, just like the one that took my own legs? 
f 
RESIST APPEAL PROPOSAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak out against the proposal offered by the Re-publican majority to replace the Af-fordable Care Act. After nearly 7 years of repeal votes, House Republicans finally released their healthcare proposal on Monday. Simply stated, this proposal is bad for seniors, it is bad for the poor, and it is bad for the sick. It costs more and of-fers less. It raises cost on middle class Americans while giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy and to special interests. Madam Speaker, more than 12,000 of my constituents receive financial as-sistance to buy health insurance on the exchange in the commercial market. Almost all of them will get less help under the Republican proposal. Why is that? Because the proposed tax credits will vary by age and income, which means premiums will be unaffordable for the low- to moderate-income families and seniors. As premiums go up with healthcare costs over time, these tax credits don’t rise, making insurance less affordable year after year. Regarding the individual mandate, while removing it may be politically popular, experts who have studied this expect premiums to increase 25 percent when the individual mandate is elimi-nated. When the employer mandate is eliminated under the GOP proposal, fewer employers will offer insurance to their employees. Furthermore, Madam Speaker, I am opposed to the GOP proposal because it will significantly raise healthcare costs on individuals in their fifties and sixties. And why is that? Because the plan will allow insurers to charge them five times more than younger policyholders. In fact, if you are 60 years or older and making an av-erage income, under the GOP proposal your insurance bill will go up by $3,200 each year while you lose $6,000 in tax credits and subsidies. Madam Speaker, nearly 30,000 men, women, and children in my district are currently covered by the Medicaid ex-pansion provisions of the Affordable Care Act. Each of them now stands to lose coverage if the Republican Con-gress eliminates Maryland’s Medicaid expansion. Even our Republican Gov-ernor understands that much. The GOP plan to so-called modernize Medicaid essentially turns the program into a block grant program that shifts the costs to States. States simply can-not afford that. As a result, we will eventually see massive cuts to this cost-efficient program. This plan to turn Medicaid into a block grant program would hurt the working poor, children, seniors, and people with disabilities that rely on this program. This is wrong and dis-graceful. And why do Republicans want to cut Medicaid, Madam Speaker? I am not sure, but I do know they are also proposing huge tax cuts for the wealthy. Under Monday’s midnight proposal, we now see that the 400 wealthiest households in America will receive an-nual tax cuts of $7 million. The pro-posal also includes a tax break for in-surance companies that pay their CEOs over half a million dollars a year. Madam Speaker, the Republicans kept this proposal under lock and key for a reason. They scheduled a com-mittee markup without a single hear-ing or even a CBO score. The American people and their Rep-resentatives deserve to see the num-bers. That means every Member of this Congress needs to hear from the Con-gressional Budget Office: How much will it cost taxpayers? How will it im-pact our hospitals and health centers? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.005 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1600 March 8, 2017 
How many people will lose the health coverage they have right now? The American public demands and deserves to know. Madam Speaker, this is not regular order and this is not why I came to Congress. When Democrats introduced the Affordable Care Act, whether you supported it or not, we held 79 hearings over 2 years, heard from 181 witnesses from both sides of the aisle, and posted the bill online 30 days before markup. The Republicans have done none of these things. That is hypocritical and shameful. We will resist this dangerous repeal proposal, Madam Speaker. 
f 
TRUMP HOTEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss an-other glaring and scandalous drama in-volving President Trump’s conflict of interest that has been lost in the shuf-fle of the President’s nightly tweets and the daily Russian revelations. I would like to talk about the Old Post Office Building down the street on Pennsylvania Avenue. The General Services Administration solicited proposals for redevelopment of the Old Post Office Building in 2011, selected The Trump Organization in 2012, and signed a 60-year lease in 2013 to redevelop the building. For the first time in U.S. history, a sitting President now operates and profits from a private business in a tax-payer-owned Federal building. The Old Post Office Building lease agreement explicitly prohibits any elected official of the U.S. Government from serving as a lessee or from profiting under the lease. Before the President took office, ca-reer officials at GSA confirmed that the prohibition on elected officials ben-efiting from the lease is a categorical ban on any elected official, including the President, being a party to or bene-fiting from the lease. The prohibition not allowing elected officials to benefit from GSA leases exists because of the outsized influence elected officials, es-pecially the President, have over the funding and management of GSA. President Trump has violated the very terms of the lease agreement that his company entered into with the United States Government for the Trump International Hotel the very moment that he took the oath of office to become President of the United States of America. Soon, President Trump will appoint the administrator who serves at the pleasure of the President. That same administrator will be responsible for administering and managing the lease where the guy who signs his paycheck is the guy who benefits from the lease. That, ladies and gentlemen, is a classic conflict of interest. To try to hide this conflict, President Trump has announced a so-called di-vestment plan that has two of his adult children responsible for negotiating with the GSA on behalf of daddy. If you think daddy’s kids won’t make sure that daddy is happy with the adminis-trator and if you think that the admin-istrator won’t make sure that the kids are happy with him, then you would be the one who would buy some ocean-front property in Chicago. Essentially, the President controls the man exer-cising judgment on his lease. The Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee has repeatedly written to the GSA trying to get more informa-tion about this glaring problem, but we have not received a substantial re-sponse. On March 7, 2017, Ranking Member PETER DEFAZIO and I wrote to the GSA Inspector General requesting that they examine administration and management of the Old Post Office Building lease. b1030 Congress needs an independent inves-tigation to determine how and when GSA plans to resolve this breach of the lease and eliminate this conflict of in-terest, how GSA is shielding the career officials working through this conflict, and whether GSA is receiving fair mar-ket value for any amendments to the lease. This lease has already been amended five times, without any con-gressional oversight. There is also the elephant in the room as to whether this Trump hotel business is violating the U.S. Constitu-tion. It is unclear whether payments by foreign governments to the Trump International Hotel provide evidence of a violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution. There are also se-rious allegations of whether foreign diplomats are steering business toward the Trump International Hotel. Could it be that Putin has already made ar-rangements to rent the presidential penthouse suite in the Trump Hotel for $10 million a year for the next 4 years? Or perhaps he has paid $100 million for an option to lease the Grand Ballroom at the Trump Hotel over the next 4 years. The American people need and deserve answers to these very impor-tant questions. President Trump and GSA need to come clean and address these conflict of interest issues in a transparent fash-ion that protects the interests of the American taxpayers. 
f 
COACH STEVE CHAPMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Madam Speaker, today I am here to congratulate Calallen High School baseball coach Steve Chapman on his recent induction into the Texas High School Baseball Coaches Hall of Fame. Coach Chapman was born and raised in Hallettsville, Texas. After grad-uating from Hallettsville High School, he attended Blinn College and the Uni-versity of Mary Hardin-Baylor, where he received a degree in education. After graduation, he began his coach-ing career at Victoria Stroman High School as an assistant coach. In 1983, he became head baseball coach at Calallen High School. In Coach Chapman’s 33 years at Calallen, his Wildcats have won or shared 25 district championships and have been to the Region 4 finals 19 times. The Wildcats have reached the UIL State tournament on 12 occasions, played in the State championship game 8 times, and have won 3 State cham-pionships. Coach Chapman’s overall record is 967 wins, 204 losses, and 2 ties. Coach Chapman’s induction into the Hall of Fame is a testament to his hard work and the thousands of lives he has touched while coaching the Wildcats, including my long-time legislative di-rector, Blake Adami. I offer my con-gratulations to Coach Chapman, his family, and everyone at Calallen. f 
REPLACING THE ACA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) for 5 minutes. Mr. HECK. Madam Speaker, today I would like to share a letter I received from Sherry, who lives back in my hometown of Olympia, Washington. Sherry writes to me: 
My husband was a veteran. He worked as a civilian with high security clearance at White Sands Missile Range and later as a paramedic and firefighter. When I met him, I was working as a paramedic, also. We were crazy in love. But I lost him to cancer in 2009, at the age of 56. Since the day my husband died, we lost his income. I had to figure out how to raise our son, who was then 6. I sold my business on the Oregon coast, lost my house in Newport, and moved to Washington to be with my sis-ter. I found Olympia a year later and have been here since. I have qualified for food stamps for the last 8 years. We have de-pended on the food bank on and off. When all this happened, that was before ObamaCare, and the $1,000 monthly premium for insurance for my family was simply not sustainable. At first, I was able to keep my insurance through COBRA. But after that ran out, we were left to paying for some cut- rate insurance that provided very little cov-erage. When the Affordable Care Act was enacted, I finally felt relief. I got covered through the ACA, and that allowed me to direct some of the money I was paying to insurance toward food, books, clothing, or tuition. My son is now 13, and 6 foot 1, with a size 14 shoe, so we go through clothes and shoes for him like crazy. I still struggle. I still have medical bills and collections. I still struggle with food and clothes for both myself and my son. I still go to the Thurston County Food Bank in down-town Olympia. But ObamaCare allows me to follow my health closely and helps me pay for the medical care my son and I require. I have a spot on my lung that needs con-stant monitoring, and ObamaCare has al-lowed me to go in for those routine MRIs. Preventative services like mammograms are also paid for. Since my husband died, I have been focused on raising my son and getting a higher edu-cation degree. I went to massage school, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.006 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1601 March 8, 2017 
then I earned my degree at The Evergreen State College. I will graduate with a mas-ter’s degree in psychology in August. Not only will I be employable and be able to help others in the mental health field, I will also get to start whittling away at paying old medical bills and my student loans. Although I will no longer need ObamaCare since I will have health insurance through my employer, the ACA has forever changed the insurance marketplace. The insurers can’t charge me more for my preexisting condition like they could before. If the ACA had been in place when my hus-band died, I would have been able to keep my business on the Oregon coast. If the ACA had been in place when my husband died, I would have immediately qualified for insurance under the ACA, and I may have been able to keep our house. I want you to know, I am not lazy. I am a determined, self-improving mom who is raising her son alone. Before the ACA, I had to decide whether to pay for in-surance or food. I depend on the ACA. 
That is the letter from Sherry. Madam Speaker, this past Saturday, I had the opportunity to meet with more than 300 of my constituents who support accessible, affordable health care in our country. I heard from many, but still a small portion of the 750,000 Washingtonians who gained cov-erage through the ACA. The ACA is working for many people across America, and Congress should not reverse the progress we have made under it. That being said, I know there are parts of the ACA that could be im-proved upon. We all know that. We can and should make improvements in order to make healthcare insurance more affordable and more accessible to more people across our Nation. As we began this Congress, I had hope that we could have a productive, bipartisan dis-cussion about the steps we could take to do just that, but I was saddened and, frankly, dismayed by the lack of seri-ous policy efforts from my friends on the other side of the aisle. Well, the majority finally released their proposed replacement for the ACA, the so-called American Health Care Act, after weeks of hiding this se-cret bill behind closed doors. Frankly, I am not impressed by the bill. This bill offers no attempts to improve healthcare coverage or insurance cov-erage, no attempts to reduce healthcare costs or the rate of infla-tion. This bill allows insurance to charge older people more while, at the same time, reducing the subsidies for many of those very same people. The bill was presented without any indica-tion of how it will affect our budget or how many people will be kicked off their insurance under this plan. This bill does not address the bar-riers that prevent working class and middle class people from accessing and securing health insurance. In fact, the bill would likely put health insurance out of reach for millions of Americans who are in the working and middle classes. Madam Speaker, to earn the label ‘‘American,’’ a bill had better be excep-tional. The American Health Care Act is a lot of things, but exceptional is not one of them. People like Sherry are ex-ceptional. Let’s put Sherry and people in her circumstances first. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 39 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing upon us this day. During these days, the American people can see the difficulties of legis-lating for this great Nation of ours. Disagreements between and within par-ties emerge when important and sweep-ing laws are being considered. So also the push and pull of local, State, and national governmental in-terests and responsibilities can be seen to contribute to the enormity of our way of government. Be it health care or immigration, the wisdom of our Founders can perhaps be seen in their designing a governmental process that is difficult, resistant to hasty solu-tions, and demanding of those who en-gage. May the American people be patient with and supportive of this process, and may the Members of this House, especially, merit the trust of their con-stituents, those who voted for them and those who did not. And may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WOODALL led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, the Repub-licans have introduced their healthcare plan. The President said it would be better and more cost effective than the Affordable Care Act and it would offer insurance to everybody. Well, if you believe that, you believe the President has got a secret plan to defeat ISIS which he was going to give us within 30 days, that there were thousands of Muslims in New Jersey cheering 9/11, and that President Obama was born in Kenya. It is not true. What the plan they have introduced is is something that will give the wealthy unbelievable tax breaks. The 400 wealthiest people in America will get tax breaks of $7 million apiece; and the Americans who earn $200,000 a year or less will get none of those breaks, but they will pay more for their insur-ance and get less for it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.009 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1602 March 8, 2017 
The fact is property taxes will go up as less and less people are covered by insurance and they go to emergency rooms for primary care; and as hos-pitals give more uncompensated care, they have to raise your insurance rates in public hospitals and raise your prop-erty taxes. The American Hospital Association has come out against this. The Amer-ican Medical Association has come out against this. Next thing you know, the people living the lifestyles of the rich and famous at Mar-a-Lago will come out against it. 
f 
PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Eliz-abeth Oddy returned from east Africa after spending 2
1⁄2years as a Peace Corps volunteer. Before returning home, she was examined by a Peace Corps physician. She was deemed healthy and okay to come back to America. Two days after coming home, Eliza-beth went to her doctor for a regular checkup where she was diagnosed with a life-threatening illness. She had stage I thyroid cancer. Her Peace Corps insurance ended the next day. Peace Corps volunteers often have se-vere health problems upon their return from abroad. Health issues that are a direct result of serving in the Peace Corps should be covered by the Peace Corps. Volunteers like Elizabeth are the spirit of humanitarian assistance. It is our responsibility to ensure they are properly cared for both at home and abroad. My bill, the Sam Farr Peace Corps Enhancement Act, improves health care for all current volunteers and re-turned Peace Corps volunteers that contract illnesses during their service. We must continue providing support for our American angels abroad. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply troubled and disappointed that Republicans have chosen to move for-ward with their plans to dismantle the Affordable Care Act rather than work-ing in a bipartisan fashion to improve this landmark legislation. Republicans have had 7 years to work across the aisle to find solutions. In-stead, they have chosen to ignore the ACA’s success in pursuit of their sin-gle-minded focus on gutting the law. They have voted over 60 times to repeal the ACA. Could not even one of those votes have been to try to improve it if they saw these shortcomings? Mr. Speaker, the ACA expanded healthcare access to over 100,000 Rhode Islanders and 20 million people nation-wide who otherwise did not have health insurance. Unfortunately, the Repub-lican proposal jeopardizes the com-prehensive, affordable, quality cov-erage Americans received under the ACA. Mr. Speaker, the Republican plan will lead to higher costs and less acces-sible coverage, and it will strain, not strengthen, our healthcare system. Their plan disproportionately harms seniors, people with disabilities, and those who rely on Medicaid. I have long said, Mr. Speaker, that the ACA isn’t perfect, but it is an im-portant first step toward fulfilling our Nation’s promise of compassion and op-portunity because health care is a ne-cessity. It is something that is a right, not a privilege. Unfortunately, the Re-publicans’ American Health Care Act will break this fundamental promise by undermining the healthcare coverage of millions. f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT (Mr. WOODALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I rarely come down during the 1-minute time of the day, and I am glad I came down this morning for Father Conroy’s pray-er because there really is a lot of anx-iety in this country as it relates to health care. Every family in this coun-try has health care on their mind. The gentleman from Rhode Island is exactly right. We have an opportunity to work together to fix it because we all know the ObamaCare system is fail-ing. That is why we talk about how to fix it because we know that it is fail-ing. President Trump said on Monday that the Republican alternative is now open for review and negotiation. He didn’t say take it or leave it. He didn’t say pass it before you can read it. He said open for review and negotiation. I challenge my colleagues to think about our opportunity to serve not just one constituent, but all of our con-stituents. Think about our opportunity to come together and put this healthcare discord behind us for a gen-eration. I thank Father Conroy for that ad-monition this morning. I hope we will rise to that challenge. 
f 
EPA PUGET SOUND BUDGET CUTS (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose potential deep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency. According to many recent press re-ports, the EPA budget to restore our critical Puget Sound in my home State of Washington is facing a 93 percent cut. What is worse is the EPA, overall, is potentially facing a 25 percent budg-et cut, resulting in a loss of 15,000 jobs. Let us be clear that the EPA is the entity that ensures clean air, clean water, and strong human health. Be-cause of the EPA’s work on account-ability and oversight of strong environ-mental regulations, we have seen progress on pollution mitigation, shoreline restoration, water treatment, and education projects that are aimed at protecting our sound and our envi-ronment. This administration’s cuts will be devastating to our environment. By signing an executive order to move for-ward on Keystone and the DAPL pipe-line, appointing Scott Pruitt to lead the EPA, and rolling back environ-mental regulations, we are showing overt hostility to protecting our envi-ronment. We need to be investing in our envi-ronment and not slashing it, and we need to make sure that we restore our environment and preserve it for our fu-ture generations. f 
NORWICH BOYS BASKETBALL SECTION 4 CHAMPIONS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to rise and recognize and congratulate the new Section 4, Class B boys’ basketball champions, the Nor-wich Purple Tornadoes. The hard work, dedication, and sportsmanship of these young men helped lead their team to claim the Section 4 victory for the sec-ond year in a row. In the game against the Waverly Wolverines, senior forward Chris Jef-frey scored 17 hard-fought points, tak-ing Norwich into the second half lead-ing 18–17. In the final half, Norwich took the court by storm to claim the title of Section 4 champion with a final score of 49–35. On behalf of the 22nd District, con-gratulations to Norwich and Coach Brian Collier on an outstanding win. We wish you luck in the State quarter-final on March 11 against the Section 3 champions. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY AND A DAY WITHOUT A WOMAN (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of International Wom-en’s Day and to join the countless women across this Nation in partici-pating today and, yes, dressed in red to celebrate our achievements of women across the world in many fields. I stand with the women today to highlight the economic injustices women face: unequal pay, unpaid leave, gender discrimination, and the list 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.011 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1603 March 8, 2017 
goes on. Oh, yes, to repeal the Afford-able Care Act. Women are the primary bread-winners. Six out of 10 American women are paid only 80 cents on the dollar, and for women of color like me, 64 cents. But today it is so important for us to say we are faced with the dangerous and irresponsible repeal of the Afford-able Care Act, which will once again make being a female a preexisting con-dition and take away access to free preventative services like mammo-grams and cervical cancer screening. You should ask yourself: Why are they doing this markup without hear-ings? You should ask yourself: Why should families pay more? Why should those with disabilities and preexisting conditions pay more? Why should bil-lionaires benefit more? Stand with us women on Inter-national Women’s Day. 
f 
b1215 INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to join so many of my women Members of Congress to recognize and celebrate International Women’s Day. In my lifetime, women have made so much progress, but our journey toward full equality still has so far to go. More than five decades ago, a half a century, we began the work to achieve equality in the workplace when Presi-dent John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act. We took another important step forward when President Obama signed his first bill into law, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. Even with those laws, women in my congressional district still only make 72 cents on a man’s dollar. For women of color, the wage gap is even worse, 63 cents for Af-rican-American women and 54 cents for Latinas. When you consider that women make up almost half of the workforce, and women are either the sole or primary breadwinner in 40 percent of the homes, this isn’t just a women’s issue; it is a family issue. This is why we must pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to give every woman additional tools to fight for equal pay they earn on each and every payday. In a country as great as ours, we must guarantee that our daughters have the same opportunity to earn a fair and equal wage. 
f 
STEPHANIE CHANEY AND THE ACA (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, well, here we are, on Inter-national Women’s Day, 7 years from when we started the Affordable Care Act, 60 votes to repeal behind us, and yet only this week we have had the big reveal of what the plan will be for re-placement. What are we seeing? We don’t have any cost information, but we know we are going to protect wealthy insurance executives, and we know that an estimated 15 to 20 million Americans will have their health insur-ance ripped away from them. Let me introduce you to one who is concerned about her ongoing coverage. Her name is Stephanie Chaney, and she is from my district in Framingham, Massachusetts. She is a recent grad student at Lesley University, where she studied to be a clinical counselor and dance therapist. She was diagnosed with a rare and extremely painful joint disease, and because of the ACA, she got the treatment she needed. Because she was a student and not employed, the healthcare law and the changes we make are going to have a direct impact on her life. She worries that if she cannot find another afford-able plan, she will have to start over again. Let’s think of her and do the right thing by Americans with their health care. f 
DEFENSE SPENDING IS IMPORTANT (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-ber of the House Committee on Armed Services, I rise to voice my full support for the fiscal year 2017 Defense Appro-priations bill. This legislation supports our Armed Forces by helping pay our troops and provide care for our men and women in uniform and their fami-lies, and it gives our military the re-sources necessary to combat terrorism, deter our adversaries, and support our allies. The Defense Appropriations bill in-cludes a 2.1 percent pay raise for our servicemen and -women, which will help our military families like those who are currently struggling in Nevada to make ends meet. One of the most important invest-ments proposed is increasing our mili-tary readiness, which helps strengthen our national security. The legislation fully funds troop number increases au-thorized and provides an additional $6.8 billion in procurement spending. This is especially important for helping modernize our Armed Forces by ful-filling unmet requirements for addi-tional ships, weapons, and aircraft, such as the F–35 Joint Strike Fighters at Nellis Air Force Base and unmanned aerial vehicles flying counter-ISIL op-erations missions from Creech Air Force Base. Finally, the NDAA helps support pro-grams that strengthen relations with our allies. I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation. 
f 
TODAY WE RAISE OUR VOICES (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, today is International Women’s Day, a day without women. I am going to join millions of women in recog-nizing the important economic power of women in the United States and around the globe. In a few minutes, I will exit this Chamber with colleagues to show soli-darity with our sisters, who are staying away from normal duties and main-stream commerce to call attention to the inequities that women and gender nonconforming people continue to face. We are wearing red to signify our love for our sisterhood and our passionate energy to pursue measures that will advance the lives of women and fami-lies, such as equal pay, paid family leave, quality affordable child care, ac-cess to Federal health care, and free-dom from violence. In Congress, Democrats will resist ef-forts to take us back from hard-earned gains, standing strong against the un-relenting attempts by Republicans to repeal the Affordable Care Act, defund Planned Parenthood, and block access to full reproductive care. In the words of the Women’s March, today we raise our voices to say that women’s rights are human rights, regardless of a wom-an’s race, ethnicity, religion, immigra-tion status, and so forth. When women succeed, the world succeeds. f 
OPPOSING REPEAL OF THE ACA (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition of the plan to re-peal the ACA. A recent analysis of this plan concludes that 10 million people would lose their health insurance. That is mainly due to the fact that the plan would stop Medicaid expansion and shorten the Medicare trust fund. Many people in my district would be affected by this plan. 68,000 of my con-stituents are covered by the Medicaid expansion, 23,000 constituents receive assistance to afford health insurance through the exchange. If the ACA is re-pealed and the new plan implemented, thousands of my constituents, my neighbors, and my friends would lose their coverage. But don’t just take my word for it or my constituents’ word for it. Let’s ask the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office to look at the plan carefully and to give a report as to who and how many people it will affect. If you are going to take on something that af-fects so many Americans, then Amer-ica deserves to know how our health care and our lives will be impacted by your plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.013 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1604 March 8, 2017 
INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY STRIKE (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of International Wom-en’s Day, A Day Without a Woman strike. Today we are here and are joined by many of our sisters around the Nation to declare, once and for all, that women’s rights are human rights. We are here to stand in solidarity with women across the country to send a clear message: We will not rest until we create a society where all women— all women—have equal rights under the law. We are resisting and letting Presi-dent Trump and the Republicans know that we will not go back. We stand with the millions around the Nation who have walked out today, and today we are walking out for them. We are raising our voices for the millions of women who can’t because they might get fired or because they can’t afford to lose their meager wages. I encourage all of my Democratic colleagues to join us, along with Lead-er P
ELOSI , the Democratic Women’s Working Group, Congresswoman K
ATH-
ERINE CLARK , and so many others, for a walkout following these 1 minutes and attend the press conference on the House steps right outside in solidarity and in honor of all of the women in the world who are marching today and striking today for equal rights. 
f 
PROTECT THE RIGHTS OF WOMEN (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, it is ironic today that we are celebrating the international success and celebration of women when we are also working to repeal affordable quality health care for women and families. I am reminded, in fact, of my own mother, who fought during a time in the 1960s and 1970s to ensure that my sister, who was very sick and disabled, would have access to a quality public education and also to affordable health care. Quite frankly, it was not avail-able. My mother and father were finan-cially destitute. Today, as a result of trying to provide that health care, I am my mother’s caregiver. Today, I am reminded of all of the women primarily—49 million of us— providing more than $500 billion worth of long-term care and caregiving sup-port to our families, that this is a day to really celebrate that leadership, that support, and the efforts made by women. Congress, as a body, should do much, much more to preserve and pro-tect those rights of women and their families all across America. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1301, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 174 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 174 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1301) making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 2. The chair of the Committee on Ap-propriations may insert in the Congressional Record not later than Wednesday, March 8, 2017, such material as he may deem explana-tory of H.R. 1301. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ILL). The gentlewoman from Wyo-ming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 174, which provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 1301, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal 2017. I would like to thank, in particular, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , Chairman G
RANGER , and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for their hard and dedicated work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, we have no higher obli-gation as elected representatives of the people of this great Republic than en-suring for the security and defense of our Nation. We are gathered here at a tremendous time of action and achieve-ment across an array of crucial policy areas, regulatory relief for the citizens and businesses of our Nation, restora-tion of authority to our States and local communities, tax reform, ObamaCare repeal and replacement, and the list goes on. President Trump is doing what he promised during his campaign, and it is an honor to serve the people of Wyo-ming at this historic moment. But, Mr. Speaker, it is no exaggeration to say that if we fail to provide the resources our military needs to defend our Na-tion, if we fail to do what is necessary to ensure America’s Armed Forces re-main superior to all others in the world, if we fail to provide the support our men and women in uniform need to recover from 8 years of devastating policies, nothing else we are doing in this body will matter. Mr. Speaker, the need is urgent. As we meet today to debate the 2017 De-fense appropriation, our Nation faces a more complex and grave threat envi-ronment than we have faced at any-time since World War II, and possibly, Mr. Speaker, more than at anytime in our history. For 8 years, our adver-saries’ strength has grown, while our relative capabilities have stagnated and, in some instances, declined. b1230 North Korea continues its ballistic missile launches as it threatens our al-lies and interests. The Iranian nuclear agreement has bought time for Iran to continue to ad-vance its nuclear weapons program, as it reaps the windfall of at least $1 tril-lion of U.S. taxpayer funds provided to it by the Obama administration. Iran continues to threaten U.S. naval ves-sels in the Strait of Hormuz, support terrorism across the Middle East, and test ballistic missiles despite its U.N. obligations. China is rapidly building up its mili-tary, and it is targeting, in particular, technologies to try to level the playing field with our capabilities. It continues to threaten freedom of navigation and trade in the South China Sea, and to conduct cyber operations against the United States. Russia has invaded Ukraine, threat-ens Eastern Europe and the Baltics, is violating INF Treaty obligations, and openly threatening the use of nuclear weapons. Al-Qaida today exists in more coun-ties than ever before, and ISIS con-tinues to recruit and hold territory as it plans and launches attacks against the West. Most of the actors I just mentioned are also responsible for cyber attacks against the United States. Against this backdrop, Mr. Speaker, the U.S. military is vastly under- resourced. At a recent House Armed Services Committee hearing, the vice chief of staff of the Army told members that of the 58 brigade combat teams, only three are ready to ‘‘fight to-night.’’ The vice chief of naval oper-ations, Admiral William Moran, re-cently testified that more than half of all Navy aircraft are grounded due to maintenance issues and an inability to acquire the necessary parts. Our nu-clear force is aging, even as our adver-saries continue to make advancements in their own nuclear forces and capa-bilities. Our Air Force is the oldest, smallest, and least ready it has ever been. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.015 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1605 March 8, 2017 
These stories and shortfalls, Mr. Speaker, exist across nearly every as-pect of our military. America’s fight-ing men and women are the greatest fighting force and the greatest force for good our world has ever known. They deserve the resources to do their job. We have prevailed over great chal-lenges in the past, from our unlikely and miraculous founding, through our Civil War, two world wars, the Cold War, and the early years of the war on terror. We must, Mr. Speaker, marshal our forces to do so again. To prevail, Congress—this Congress—must do its job. That job begins with passing this 2017 Defense Appropriations bill. Then, Mr. Speaker, we must repeal the Budget Control Act and end sequestration. There is a rational and responsible way for us to undertake defense budgeting. The process in place today is neither. The last time our military was able to assess the threats we face and then recommend the necessary funding lev-els to defeat those threats was fiscal year 2011, over 6 years ago. We must re-turn to this standard budgeting proc-ess. In describing the effects of seques-tration several years ago, our current Defense Secretary put it this way: ‘‘No foe in the field can wreak such havoc on our security as mindless sequestra-tion is achieving today.’’ We must end this practice with all speed. This should not be a partisan issue, Mr. Speaker. It has not been in our past. Since World War II, every Amer-ican President, Republican and Demo-crat alike, has understood the impor-tance of American military superiority of ensuring a world in which America and our allies set the rules. Threatened by the Nazis and the Jap-anese, Franklin Roosevelt and George C. Marshall knew America had to be the ‘‘arsenal of democracy.’’ At the be-ginning of the Cold War, Harry Tru-man, Dwight Eisenhower, and John F. Kennedy roused the Nation to defeat freedom and liberty against com-munism. John F. Kennedy knew Amer-ica had to be ‘‘the watchmen on the walls of freedom.’’ In the 1980s, Presi-dent Reagan oversaw the defense build-up we are still benefiting from today. He knew that ‘‘war comes not when the forces of freedom are strong, it is when they are weak that tyrants are tempt-ed.’’ And in the aftermath of 9/11, it was George Bush and Dick Cheney who kept us safe, who knew we could not win this war on defense, who under-stood we had to have a military strong and capable enough to deny terrorists the safe havens from which they plot and plan and launch attacks against our fellow citizens. Mr. Speaker, now it is our turn. Across the globe, our adversaries chal-lenge us, from China to North Korea, to Iran, to Russia; across the Middle East, in Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan. Thirty-four years ago, Ronald Reagan described our duty at another time, against another enemy, this way: 
It is up to us in our time to choose, and choose wisely, between the hard but nec-essary task of preserving peace and freedom, and the temptation to ignore our duty and blindly hope for the best while the enemies of freedom grow stronger day by day. Mr. Speaker, we can no longer ignore our duty while our enemies grow stronger. We must take the first step today to begin rebuilding our military. H.R. 1301 is that first step. It increases defense spending, provides a full pay raise for our servicemen and -women, and begins to address our readiness shortfalls. This bill provides funds based on our military’s priorities for fiscal year 2017 and gets us off the cycle of continuing resolutions, which are doing real damage to our readiness and capacity. Therefore, I urge support for the rule to allow for consideration of H.R. 1301, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) for the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my appreciation to Defense Subcommittee Chairmen G
RANGER and F RELING -
HUYSEN , and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY , for their hard work in bringing this bill to the House floor today. The Defense Subcommittee is known for its ability to work in a bipartisan manner, and this bill demonstrates that this tradition continues. Last year, the House approved its version of the FY 2017 Defense Appro-priations bill. It was a deeply flawed bill filled with funding gimmicks, in-cluding a funding cliff that cut off funding for the war budget in order to boost base defense spending by $18 bil-lion. The Senate version of the Defense Appropriations bill did not contain such gimmicks and was marked up by the Senate Defense Subcommittee, the full committee, and reported out of the Senate Appropriations Committee, but it never went to the Senate floor for consideration. The FY 2017 Defense Appropriations bill that the House will consider later today is not, therefore, a conference re-port. It is being treated as if it were a conference report, namely by having a closed rule, but let us be perfectly clear that this is not a conference report. Let me also be clear, Mr. Speaker, that we could have had this type of final bill come before us last December, just as we could have brought up all of the pending FY 2017 appropriations bills before the House last December for final action. Instead, Republican leadership chose to keep nearly the en-tire Federal Government, including the Pentagon, operating at FY 2016 levels without any clarity about what their annual budgets might be. So when we hear talk about problems with military readiness or shortfalls in defense budgets, I suggest the Repub-lican leadership hold a mirror up to their faces and take some responsi-bility. This bill is 5 months late. It could also have been taken care of 3 months ago in December, and, in fact, it should have been taken care of in December. It is now making its way through an-other convoluted process today. But we still have no idea about the fate of the other pending ten appropriations bills that the Republican leadership failed to complete last December. And I say convoluted, Mr. Speaker, because when the House votes on H.R. 1301 today, it still needs to go back to the Senate, and we really have no idea what they are going to do with it. Are they going to pass it without any changes and send it to the President for signature? Or are they going to use it as a vehicle to attach the other ten appropriations bills and send it back to us as the FY 2017 omnibus that we should have completed in December? Perhaps they might consider holding on to it until the President gets around to sending Congress his request for the FY 2017 supplemental so that we fi-nally know how much Congress is actu-ally being asked to approve for Pen-tagon spending in FY 2017? So hold on to your hats because we are not done today with the defense spending bills for fiscal year 2017, one way or the other. Mr. Speaker, I know that everyone in this House wants to make sure that our men and women in uniform are well staffed, trained, and equipped to carry out the missions and duties that we have asked them to carry out. In these areas, in particular, there is much to recommend in this latest version of the FY 2017 defense bill. The same is true for the funding included in H.R. 1301 for suicide prevention, sexual assault, and medical research. I would also like to point out that H.R. 1301 totals $577.9 billion. This in-cludes $516.1 billion in the base bill and $61.8 billion in the overseas contin-gency operations account to fund the many wars in which we are engaged. Coupled with the $5.8 billion FY 2017 supplemental Congress approved last year, total defense spending for FY 2017 currently stands at $583.7 billion; and that is before we receive still another FY 2017 supplemental from the Presi-dent. Mr. Speaker, that is well over half a trillion dollars for the Pentagon, more than the combined total military spending of the next seven greatest military powers in the world. So for those who bemoan how underfunded the Pentagon is, I would argue it is more a matter of failing to set prior-ities and tens, if not hundreds, of bil-lions of dollars of waste, fraud, and abuse. Every report on every at-tempted audit of the Defense Depart-ment reveals that the Pentagon doesn’t have a clue about where the money goes. Billions and billions of dollars cannot be accounted for. No other agency in the U.S. Government gets so much money or is allowed such sloppy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.018 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1606 March 8, 2017 
accounting, yet the White House and the Congress can’t wait to throw even more billions at the Pentagon, rather than demanding accountability and setting clear spending priorities. There are also other matters of con-cern with this bill, Mr. Speaker. H.R. 1301 not only continues, but adds to the prohibitions regarding the detention facility at Guantanamo. This is all an effort to prevent Guantanamo from shutting down, which hurts America’s ability to do human rights work around the world and remains a stain on our own values and ideals. This bill continues to spend billions of dollars on the insane trillion-dollar effort to modernize and produce new generations of nuclear weapons when what we should be doing is continuing to reduce our nuclear arsenal and enter hard negotiations with other nations that have nuclear weapons to eliminate them altogether. Finally, H.R. 1301 continues to pro-vide so-called emergency funding through the OCO account to continue wars in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, and else-where. These wars are hardly unex-pected or an emergency and should, therefore, be fully incorporated into the base budget for the Pentagon. They are also wars for which Congress has not debated or approved any authoriza-tion for the use of military force. We do not have an AUMF to deploy our military forces against the Islamic State, yet we have deployed military forces in the air, at sea, and on the ground in Iraq, in Syria, and elsewhere in the region. We do not have an AUMF to deploy our military forces in the civil war in Yemen, yet we have deployed them to Yemen where one of our Navy SEALs was killed in combat and several others wounded in January. The Republican leadership continues to fail at its constitutional responsibil-ities by not bringing any AUMF before the House for consideration, despite promises to do so. So here we are in the 115th Congress, following in the failed footsteps of the 113th and 114th Con-gresses, getting ready to vote on tens of billions of dollars for wars that Con-gress has failed to authorize. I am proud of the courage dem-onstrated every single day by our men and women in uniform. I wish I could say the same thing about Congress and this House. Finally, Mr. Speaker, while I am glad that at least one of the pending appro-priations bills is going to see some ac-tion today, I wonder about the fate of the other ten. When will we see those bills, Mr. Speaker? In fact, speaking of urgent pending matters, when will we see a jobs bill? b1245 When are we going to see legislation to repair and modernize America’s in-frastructure? Will extra funds be in-cluded in the fiscal year 2017 Transpor-tation—HUD Appropriations bill, in the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, in the Interior Appropriations bill for similar improvements on Federal lands? We have all read about the replace-ment proposed by the Republican lead-ership for the Affordable Care Act, and correct me if I’m wrong, Mr. Speaker, but I am having trouble remembering how many hearings were held on that proposal so that Congress could benefit from experts in the healthcare field about whether this replacement bill will provide health care to even more Americans at less cost than the ACA. Oh, that is right, Mr. Speaker. The pro-posal is being marked up today without any hearings or expert testimony whatsoever. Especially for the new Members of this body, it is important to remember that, when the Democrats drafted the Affordable Care Act, there were dozens of hearings and 30 days prenotification before Energy and Commerce held its markup, a markup that continued over many days. And then the bill, as re-ported out of committee, was posted for over 2 months online before coming before the full House for debate on amendments and final passage. Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, if a re-placement bill to the ACA is not able to make sure that more Americans have health insurance at a lower cost, then what is the point other than poli-tics? We don’t need to see any bill that covers fewer people and forces workers, families, and individuals to pay even more for their healthcare coverage and get even less in terms of healthcare protections. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the Republican replacement bill is being marked up in committee without a score by the Congressional Budget Of-fice; and without a CBO score, then no one in this Chamber, in this city, in this Nation has any idea, has any clue how much this replacement bill will cost the taxpayer, let alone who will benefit and who will suffer under its provisions. That is simply a scandal, Mr. Speak-er, completely unacceptable. It is a cruel joke on American families, Amer-ican workers, and the States, local communities, hospitals, doctors, nurses, and healthcare providers who will have to struggle with the con-sequences of people losing their health insurance. Mr. Speaker, let’s see America’s pri-orities taken care of: a jobs bill, an in-frastructure bill. Let’s make sure we don’t weaken healthcare protections for people in this country, and let’s see all of the FY 2017 appropriations bills come before the House in the next few days so that we can complete the work that should have been done last Decem-ber. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE), the vice chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and, frankly, I want to thank her for taking on this rule and the role she plays in this House. She came to Con-gress with an extraordinary expertise in national security, probably unsur-passed by any new Member. So she is not only a valuable member of the Rules Committee, she is an important voice for the security of the United States of America in a very dangerous era. Before I begin, I want to actually agree with my friend from Massachu-setts on a couple of very important points that he made. First, I want to agree with him that this should have been done earlier. My friend is exactly right about this. This could have been done, in my view, in November and De-cember. We should have gotten it done then. We would have avoided a lot of problems that come with a continuing resolution. I am very pleased that we are moving it now, but earlier would have been better, no question about it. And that is true with every other bill, and my friend made that point as well. We real-ly should make sure that each of the appropriations bills are passed. All of the problems associated with the con-tinuing resolution are so evident for our military, are evident, frankly, in every other department. So I would hope my leadership continues to do what they are doing today and that is move these bills forward. My friend is also right, in my opin-ion, about the authorization of the use of military force. This is something we have agreed on, even when we disagree on other things. This is a congressional responsibility. The President has an-nounced he is going to announce a new strategy going forward on ISIS. I would suggest to my side of the aisle and to the administration, now would be a great time to come to the Congress so we could have this robust debate on de-ploying and using our military and dis-charge our constitutional responsibil-ities. I am less persuaded by my friend’s arguments about the spending levels here. I just point out for the record this is well below what former Sec-retary of Defense Gates, when he was Secretary in the Obama administra-tion, recommended we should be doing at this time. Frankly, that is because the last administration dropped the ball and simply didn’t listen to its own experts as to what the appropriate level of our forces should be. The underlying legislation here is an excellent bill. My friends have already talked about it in detail. I am going to take a 30,000-foot look at the bill and remind our listeners and our col-leagues, there are three important ob-jectives that this bill achieves: The first is stopping the erosion in end strength, something that went on for years under the last administration that somehow thought we would be safer if our military got smaller. That was a bad assumption. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.019 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1607 March 8, 2017 
The second is to restart the procure-ment cycle. We have fallen far, far be-hind what we should be doing in terms of replacing, upgrading, and improving the weapons systems and the commu-nication systems, every system that we move into war with and that we ask our men and women to use. And finally, this actually begins to address a problem that my friend from Wyoming discussed in great detail: readiness. We simply are not ready now to fight with the effectiveness. Now, I don’t have any doubt, if we had to de-ploy massively, that our forces would do well and they would win, but a lot of people would die because they hadn’t had the appropriate training, the ap-propriate time on task to get ready. The other great objective that this bill meets is that we finally match up spending with the authorization. Last year, we had an excellent authorization bill out of the House Armed Services Committee. Unfortunately, that doesn’t get you very far if the money doesn’t match the policies and the rec-ommendations that they advanced. This now takes care of that problem. I also remind our colleagues that passing this bill is only a first step. As my friend from Wyoming pointed out, we are going to need a supplemental later this year, just for this year. We are going to need a robust increase in the fiscal year 2018 authorization and appropriation, something that the President has committed to and some-thing I hope we can advance on a bipar-tisan basis. Finally, again, as my friend pointed out, real military buildups take years, not months and weeks. We are going to have to be at this task for several years to restore and strengthen, frank-ly, what we allowed to decline, what the last administration allowed to de-cline over several years. So this is an extraordinary first step, but it is only a first step; and I would hope my colleagues would join us on a bipartisan basis, while we have dif-ferences, but come together and put the defense of the country in a very dangerous time ahead of all else that we do. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill and the underlying legislation, and I urge the passage of the rule. Again, I want to thank my friend from Wyoming. I want to thank my friend from Massachusetts. We some-times disagree, but he makes very val-uable and very important points in some of the critiques he offers, and I hope that we heed them well. With that, again, Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of the underlying legisla-tion and the adoption of the rule. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for his kind words and for understanding that it is inappropriate for Congress to continue these wars without having a vote on an AUMF. I hope that that changes, but I appre-ciate his support, and there is bipar-tisan support for having this body ac-tually do its job. That shouldn’t be a radical idea, but, unfortunately, now-adays, doing our job seems to be some-thing that a lot of people don’t want to do. Mr. Speaker, at the very beginning of the year, the Republican majority adopted a rule to explicitly exempt the cost of any bill that repeals or amends the Affordable Care Act from a require-ment that it not increase spending by $5 billion. They effectively adopted a legislative blindfold to completely ig-nore the cost of repeal. Let me show you the poster of the language, and I am happy to provide this to my colleagues on the Repub-lican side. I will even give you my bifo-cals if you want to read it, because I think it is important that people un-derstand what it says. It says: Point of order: It shall not be in order to consider any bill that would cause a net in-crease in direct spending in excess of $5 bil-lion. Limitation: This subsection shall not apply to any bill repealing the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. Speaker, as you can see, with this act, the majority declared that they were not going to let the rules of this House, which are purportedly in place to ensure fiscal discipline, stand in the way of repealing the Affordable Care Act no matter how much it would cost American families. But, Mr. Speaker, it gets even worse. As we stand here today, Republicans have taken their head-in-the-sand ap-proach to the Affordable Care Act to a new low. Right now, both the Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees are considering Repub-lican legislation to repeal healthcare reform without providing any analysis from the nonpartisan experts at the Congressional Budget Office on the cost of their legislation. So let me put this another way. Ear-lier this year, the Republicans said: It does not matter how much it will cost to take health care away from millions of Americans. Now they are saying they don’t even want to know how much it will cost or what impact it will have on American families. Mr. Speaker, we have over 200 em-ployees at the Congressional Budget Office. That office costs nearly $50 mil-lion a year. We pay them to advise us precisely at times like this. Repub-licans have talked about repeal and re-place for 7 years. Acting like they had not enough time to weigh the cost of their actions would be laughable if it were not so irresponsible. Now, we Democrats care about health care and we care about costs and we demand to know what the im-pact of this repeal bill will be. Mem-bers should not be asked to vote on this legislation until they know the full weight of their decision. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule that would require a CBO cost estimate to be made publicly available before any legislation that amends or repeals the Affordable Care Act may be considered in the Energy and Commerce or Ways and Means Committee or on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of that amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ), who has been a leader on this issue, and he will explain this even further. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding time. The issue before us is far more basic than one’s view on the Affordable Care Act. I recognize that there is a philo-sophical difference about the Afford-able Care Act: on our side of the aisle, we think it is good legislation; on the opposite side of the aisle, they have concerns. But the issue is whether the American people, whether taxpayers, ought to know the cost of the repeal legislation, whether they have the right to know how much a legislation introduced in this House costs. Now, here is the irony: the Speaker of the House, the distinguished gen-tleman from Wisconsin, made his en-tire career demanding that we know numbers behind legislation. That was his mantra in his time of service in the House. You talk to Doug Elmendorf, who was the former Congressional Budget Office Director, and he said that the one thing he respected about the Speaker is that he would actually in-sist on the numbers, that he would want to know how much we are adding to a $20 trillion deficit. That is why it is incomprehensible to me that, in this Congress, under this Speaker, we would ever be asked to vote on legislation without knowing the financial impact of that legislation. These are basic issues: How much is the repeal legislation going to add to our deficit? How much is it going to finance tax cuts for the wealthy? How many people will it leave out of insurance or how many people would it add to insurance? There just ought to be a transparent discussion. Now, it is not just Democrats who want this transparent discussion; actu-ally, a Republican, the gentleman from Ohio, a founder of the Freedom Caucus, has expressed similar concerns. He has expressed concerns that this repeal leg-islation will balloon the deficit and ex-plode the deficit, and he wants to know the numbers. We can have as much respectful dis-agreement about how to cover people and whether the Affordable Care Act is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.020 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1608 March 8, 2017 
a good piece of legislation or not, but what we should not be debating is the public’s right to transparency. That is why I urge my colleagues to reject the previous question so that we can hold an immediate vote on requiring the Congressional Budget Office to score the repeal legislation and provide the American people with the basic finan-cial costs of the legislation. b1300 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. What is incomprehensible to me is that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem so fundamentally con-fused about what the actual issue be-fore us today is. The issue before us today is whether or not this House is going to undertake its fundamental, most important, most sacred obliga-tion under our Constitution and pro-vide for the defense of this Nation. Now, they can choose to dedicate their time to another very important topic. It is a hugely important topic and one that we will have many days to debate and discuss on this floor. Un-like under the previous leadership, Speaker P
ELOSI , our leadership, Speak-er R
YAN, has not told us we have to pass the bill before we know what is in it. Today, the issue before us in this House is whether or not we are going to provide for the defense of this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I am so grateful that our colleagues across the aisle have become so interested in the impact of the national debt on the American people. I only wish that, dur-ing their time in control of the White House, we had not doubled the national debt. I am similarly grateful that Members on the other side of the aisle would say that we should know the impact of leg-islation before we vote for it because, after all, it was former Speaker P
ELOSI  who said: Let’s vote for it so that we know what is in the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because fol-lowing an 8-year cycle of abandonment, it is time we do right by our military members and their families. I rise in support of the brave warriors stationed at Eglin Air Force Base, Naval Air Sta-tion Pensacola, and all across the globe. The 2.1 percent pay raise we pro-vide in this appropriation is a modest downpayment on what is owed to those who put themselves in harm’s way for our freedom. Our current state of military readi-ness is not acceptable. Half of the planes in our Navy cannot fly. Pilots are leaving. Marines are harvesting parts out of museums. Soldiers downrange don’t have the unrivaled equipment they need to match their unrivaled patriotism. This $583 billion appropriation is a first step. It means 74 new F–35 air-craft. The F–35 is the most capable air-craft in the sky. Pilots have greater survivability in the F–35. This matters so much to me. In my district, we are training the next generation of F–35 pi-lots to fight and win against any enemy we encounter in the skies. This legislation also reflects our val-ues by investing in cancer research and traumatic brain injury research. Now, some say we cannot focus on defense; we should focus on other do-mestic priorities. I would simply say our adversaries are not waiting. Our warfighters and military families are tired of waiting and so am I. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciated the gentleman from Florida’s comments, but I would just ask him: Why is the Republican leader-ship 5 months late in bringing a de-fense appropriations bill to the floor? We could have done this months ago. So if there was this urgency, it seems to escape the Republican leadership. I want to take issue with the gentle-woman from Wyoming when she says that what is important today and what we are debating today is only this De-fense Appropriations bill. As you know, we are currently debat-ing the rule, and the rule is a tool used to set the House agenda and to prioritize consideration of legislation. For that very reason, this is, in fact, the appropriate time for us to explain to the American people what legisla-tion we would like to prioritize, what is of grave concern to us, and what agenda we would like to pursue in this House. The fact of the matter is that, as we are speaking, the House Ways and Means Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee are marking up TrumpCare, which we know, in all like-lihood, is going to result in millions of Americans losing their health insur-ance. We also are concerned that it is going to cost the American taxpayer a boatload of money. What we are simply saying here today is that the Congressional Budget Office, which we fund and we rely on, ought to be able to give us a cost esti-mate, ought to tell us how much this is going to add to our deficit, how much it is going to cost the American people, how many people are going to lose their health care. Why in the world would you rush a major piece of legislation through com-mittee and onto the floor without even knowing what you are talking about? I mean, this process constitutes mindless legislating. This is not doing your job, and that is all we are request-ing. We can argue over whether or not you like the Affordable Care Act or you don’t. But whatever you are going to do, we ought to bring it to the floor with everybody’s eyes wide open and knowing what the impacts are going to be. Talk about lack of transparency, this TrumpCare bill was under lock and key until just a couple of days ago. It was the best-kept secret in the world. For 7 years, my friends have been talking about a replacement bill. No one ever saw it. But all of a sudden, it is brought out before the American peo-ple at a press conference and, again, in a way that doesn’t answer a lot of ques-tions. It is being rushed through com-mittee, and it is going to be rushed onto the House floor. That is not a good process. I will remind my colleagues that when the Affordable Care Act was con-sidered here in the House, the House held 79 bipartisan hearings and mark-ups on the health insurance reform in 2009 and 2010. You have held no hear-ings. None. There has been no expert testimony, no healthcare professionals, no doctors, no patients, no nurses, no families, nothing. There have been no hearings. The bill went right to mark-up. House Members spent nearly 100 hours in hearings, heard from 181 wit-nesses from both sides of the aisle, con-sidered 239 amendments, both Demo-cratic and Republican, accepted 21 amendments. Again, there have been no hearings. In markup, the Energy and Com-merce Committee adopted 24 GOP amendments. In markup, the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee adopted six GOP amendments. The original House bill was posted online for 30 days before the first committee began their markup and more than 100 days before the tricommittees formally introduced their merged bill in the House. House Democrats posted their first House bill online for the promised 72- hour review. The Senate bill voted on in the House was online for 3 months, and the reconciliation bill was online for 72 hours of review before the final vote. House Democrats heard and answered questions from constituents at more than 3,000 healthcare townhalls and public events. Tens of thousands of emails, calls, and letters were logged in congressional offices to register public comment. My friends are busy trying to avoid public town meetings. I am just simply saying that we are raising this issue because we are deeply concerned about the prospect of mil-lions of Americans losing health care and about you adding God knows what to our deficit. I don’t think it is too much to come together in a bipartisan way to say: Let us know what the costs are going to be, let us know what the impacts are going to be. And if you still want to vote for TrumpCare, you can vote for it, but you ought to know what you are voting for. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would say that not knowing what they are talking about is something with which our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are quite familiar. Ac-counts of public input really bear little 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.022 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1609 March 8, 2017 
relationship to what actually happened when ObamaCare itself was drafted in the dark of night. Imagine what it must be like if you are tuning in to this conversation and this discussion thinking that the U.S. House of Representatives is taking up the rule to debate, discuss, and pass our FY17 Defense Appropriations. In-stead, what we are hearing is a list of when bills were posted online—a list— which, as I said, bears little reality to what actually happened when ObamaCare was passed. Now, those are hugely important issues. I am incredibly proud of the job we are doing as Republicans in this body to help save a collapsing healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I think there is no high-er duty and obligation we have than to ensure that our military is second to none. No matter what kind of a job we do, as important as that is to repeal and replace ObamaCare, if we fail to address this fundamental issue and fail to provide the resources our military needs, nothing else we do in this body matters. I believe, frankly, that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle owe our men and women in uniform, they owe the policymakers at the Pentagon, they owe those people who are serving this Nation the respect of talking about the resources they need to do their job and focusing on the true issue before us today. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for H.R. 1301, which will fund our national defense for fiscal year 2017. This bill is a vital first step as we begin to work on rebuilding our military. The best way to look at de-fense spending over time is as a per-centage of U.S. gross domestic product. Since World War II, we have spent an average of 5 percent of our GDP on de-fense during peacetime. Despite a world that has gotten more dangerous, the defense drawdown in recent years cut defense spending from 5 percent of GDP to 3 percent of GDP. And in a $17 trillion economy, that is real money. Meanwhile, since Vietnam, we have spent an average of 21 percent of the Federal budget on defense. Today, we spend well below that, about 15 percent of the overall budget. Things are so bad today—and I don’t have time in 2 minutes to go into all the details—that we are actually at risk of losing more American lives than we should in the event of another war. The next step is to pass a robust de-fense supplemental and then to fund defense for fiscal year 2018 at a min-imum level of $640 billion. Anything less will not keep Americans safe and will not allow us to rebuild our mili-tary as we desperately must do. Congress must deal with sequestra-tion. Trying to fund defense at BCA levels is like trying to put a size 10 foot into a size 7 shoe. It simply doesn’t work and it is dangerous for our own security and it is dangerous for the world. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to say to my colleagues on the other side: I know you don’t like me talking about health care. If I were you, I wouldn’t want to talk about health care either. This is a serious matter, and it is a matter of security for millions and millions of Americans in our country. Again, maybe somebody over there can tell me: How much is this new TrumpCare bill going to cost? How much is it going to add to the deficit? How much are the American taxpayers going to have to pay for it? Does any-one know how many people will lose their coverage? Hello? I guess I would ask the questions: Why do we have over 200 employees at the Congressional Budget Office, who we pay $50 million a year to be able to give us these estimates, if we are not going to utilize them? Why are we doing this? It seems to me that before we do something that could harm millions of people in this country, before we could do something that could result in an increase in our deficit, why don’t we ask the experts? And we all acknowl-edge that they are experts and we pay them lots of money. Why don’t we get their advice? This whole process seems backwards. You ought not to be marking up bills when you don’t know what their im-pact is going to be. Part of our job as Members of Con-gress, in addition to holding hearings and listening to experts and listening to citizens tell us their perspective— which, again, has been totally ignored in this process of the repeal of the healthcare bill—is also to make sure that when we are voting, we know what the impact is going to be, we know whether or not it is going to have a positive impact or whether it is going to have a negative impact. Again, one of the reasons why I want to defeat the previous question is so that we can vote in a, hopefully, bipar-tisan way to get a CBO score so we know what is what. I get it. I know my colleagues don’t want to talk about health care. They would rather talk about something we should have done months ago. That is what we are doing now, we are doing old work now. This should have been done 4 or 5 months ago. I am just baf-fled why you don’t want to do your job. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We on this side of the aisle are more than happy to talk about health care. We are more than happy to talk about the really crucial work that is under-way to rescue our healthcare system from the collapse and the train wreck of ObamaCare, which my colleague’s party put into place in the dark of night with no reading of the bill. We are thrilled actually that our bill is 120 pages and that it is readable and that it is available online right now. So when he leaves the floor, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Massachusetts can go read the bill. It is also not surprising that our col-leagues do not want to talk about our national defense because the record of the last 8 years, the record of the last President is unparalleled in American history. The mess that we are having to clean up with respect to our healthcare system is matched perhaps only—and maybe even exceeded—by the damage that was done to our mili-tary and to our national security under the last administration. We think, on this side of the aisle, that it is crucially important that we do our job when the time is now to de-bate, discuss, and vote on this bill and address this topic. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ). b1315 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in favor of the 2017 Defense Ap-propriations bill, a bill providing vital funding for the United States military and intelligence communities who con-tinue to be engaged in responding, en-gaging, and destroying threats around the world. Mr. Speaker, I have the honor and the great responsibility of representing the largest concentration of Active- Duty military and veterans of any con-gressional district in the Nation. Who are they? Fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, sons, daughters, soccer coaches, neighbors. Our district has thousands of the less than 1 percent of the Nation that has gone forth over and over to fight for us; the best among us, fighting the worst in the world. In our district, Mr. Speaker, we have the largest naval base in the world, NASA, SEAL teams, Marines, Army soldiers, Air Force Combat Command, coastguardsmen, Oceana Naval Master Jet Base, national guardsmen, and many, many more. Mr. Speaker, we are moving toward the smallest Army since World War II, the smallest Air Force ever, Navy ships not being properly maintained due to budget, Marine planes not combat- ready. This is unacceptable. Our Na-tion requires a military, but our force is voluntary. We owe them more. We must take up this 2017 Defense Appropriations bill to help maintain a technological advantage. If we must send our men and women into harm’s way, let us always send these warfighters with an unfair advantage. This bill provides essential equip-ment, platforms, and upgrades. We must give our force and our industrial base predictability and stability, the right equipment, the right training, and the right military superiority. This bill not only supports the warfighters, but their families as well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1610 March 8, 2017 
who, Mr. Speaker, are the very back-bone of our forces and an integral part of the tremendous sacrifice that has taken place for our Nation. This bill provides important investments in traumatic brain injury, suicide preven-tion, sexual assault prevention, and much more. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, this bill gives a well-deserved pay raise, en-hances health care, and eases the bur-den our Nation demands on military families moving forward. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in support of this bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I surely want to make sure that we support our warfighters. My problem with the Defense bill is that we are spending so much money on things that I think are question-able. I would rather spend money on supporting our troops more than spend-ing $1 trillion over the next 3 decades building more nuclear weapons. We have more nuclear weapons than any other country in the world, and we ought to be talking about limiting nu-clear weapons and eliminating them al-together. I want to support our men and women who we put in harm’s way, but I want this Congress, I want Members of this House, to do their job. It doesn’t take any courage to sit back and have troops deployed all over the world, in harm’s way, and we don’t even take the time to actually debate an authoriza-tion for the use of military force. We are too afraid to talk about those issues. So when we talk about supporting our men and women in uniform, people ought to do a little bit of reflection on how we have not been doing our job. Again, I note my friends don’t want to talk about health care. My colleague actually said she would like to talk about health care more. Well, we should, because the fact of the matter is, as I said, as we are speaking here, the Republicans have unveiled this bill that has been in secret, that nobody has really had a chance to digest. No hearings. They want to talk about health care so much—no hearings, no expert testimony, no nothing. Right to markup; trying to rush it to the floor before we find out the true cost to the American people about what this TrumpCare bill is going to be all about; when they find out how many of them are going to lose their care; how it is going to cut Medicare; how senior citi-zens are going to see an increase in their healthcare costs; how average Americans are going to pay more for health care and get less protections; how people who are struggling in pov-erty are going to be out of luck because they are going to do away with the Medicaid guarantee to States. Health care ought to be a funda-mental right in this country, and they are taking that right away, and they are doing it in a fashion so that CBO, again, 200 employees at the Congres-sional Budget Office that Congress ap-propriates $50 million a year to support so they can do their expert work, they are doing this in a way so we are not even asking for their expert advice. What sense does that make? This is the rule. This is where we set our priorities about what our legisla-tive agenda ought to be; and all I am simply saying is vote ‘‘no’’ on the pre-vious question so we can vote on an amendment so we can demand a CBO score in the healthcare bill. By the way, that doesn’t slow down the Defense Appropriations bill. It still goes forward. Nothing stops. So let’s do what is right. Let there be a little sun-shine on this House of Representatives. There is a pattern that has developed under the Republican leadership where everything is closed. This bill that we are dealing with right now, closed rule. It is not a conference report, closed rule. We have had more closed rules in the first few months in this Congress than any Congress, I think, in history, and that is the pattern. No hearings, no dis-cussion, just go right to markup. We don’t want to know how much it is going to cost. We don’t want to know how many people are going to be thrown off of health care. Let’s just rush something through. That is mind-less legislating, and it has to stop. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. GALLAGHER). Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, over the last 8 years, the United States has experienced a sharp rise in the number of military threats from foreign ag-gressors. Last month, Russia secretly deployed two batteries of new nuclear- capable cruise missiles. North Korea test-launched four ballistic missiles just this week, and China continues to bolster its military presence in the South China Sea, while going toward a naval fleet that may surpass 351 ships by 2020. Meanwhile, our own Navy is the smallest it has been in 99 years, satis-fying only 40 percent of the demand from regional commanders. Fifty-four percent of the Air Force’s major weap-ons systems now qualify for antique ve-hicle license plates in the State of Vir-ginia. The Army, to quote the Vice Chief of Staff, is ‘‘outraged, outgunned, and outdated.’’ These are the bitter fruits of defense sequester; defense sequester which must be pulled out, root and branch. To quote Secretary Mattis: ‘‘No foe in the field can wreak such havoc on our security that mindless sequestration is achieving.’’ I agree with General Mattis. I agree that defense sequester is mindless. It is also dangerous. So today, while I speak in support of this rule and this bill, I applaud the Appropriations Committee for its critical work, and I urge my col-leagues to support final passage. This is just the first step. We will not have fulfilled our first and foremost constitutional duty to keep the coun-try safe until we have completely eliminated defense sequester and truly begun the process of restoring peace through strength. Einstein’s words are as true today as they were in 1931, when he said of America: ‘‘The part of passive spec-tator is unworthy of this country and is bound in the end to lead to disaster all around.’’ If we do not act now to rebuild and modernize our military, if we continue to play the role of passive spectator, not only will it lead to disaster, at some point we will no longer be worthy of global leadership. So to my colleague, I will say that this is our job. This is our most basic job. So let’s do what the American peo-ple sent us here to do to keep the coun-try safe, restore peace through strength. That is doing our job. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Wyoming, and I ap-preciate the hard work of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Chairman G
RANGER on this very important bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the FY17 Department of Defense Ap-propriations bill, and I urge voting and adoption of this bill. I served 26 years in uniform, and I can say, firsthand, that continuing res-olutions are bad for our troops. It is ur-gent that we pass this bill. One reason is that we are in a military readiness crisis like I have not seen in my life-time. This bill provides over $215 billion for readiness, an increase of $5.2 billion above the FY16 enacted budget. This increase includes funding for flight time for our pilots, maintenance for our aircraft, and base operations, among other things. It also provides more than $6.8 billion for procurement of aircraft, ships, and helicopters for our troops. The bill fully funds the mighty A–10 Warthog, and it has continued funding for upgrades for this critical plane, ex-tending its service life by starting the re-winging of the remaining 110 air-craft in the fleet. It also increases funding to maintain our asymmetric electronic warfare advantage, devel-oped and tested at Fort Huachuca, in my district. Finally, it provides funding for im-portant missile programs, from air-to- air missiles to missile defense. Our troops are counting on us. Let’s stop the bickering, and let’s pass this bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.026 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1611 March 8, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I am going to again urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote to defeat the previous question so we can actually bring an amendment to the floor to demand CBO tell us how much the Republican healthcare bill is going to cost and what its impact is going to be on the American people. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you why I am worried. The AARP estimates that the Republican repeal bill could in-crease premium costs by $8,400 for a 64- year-old earning $15,000 a year, and it could put at risk the health care of millions of vulnerable Americans. Now, we have over 200 employees at the Congressional Budget Office. That office costs nearly $50 million a year. We pay them to advise us precisely at times like this. We ought to rely on their information. We ought to ask for their guidance. Before marking up bills, before rushing bills to the floor that could adversely impact millions and millions of Americans that could break the bank in this country, we ought to find out what we are talking about. We can walk and chew gum at the same time. You can pass the Defense bill and you can also pass an amend-ment that tells us how much this Re-publican healthcare bill is going to cost. We ought to do both. So defeat the previous question so that we can bring this amendment to the floor. Let a little sunshine in on this process. Let the American people know what is going on here. I think that is the appropriate way to proceed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1301 is the first step we must take in rebuilding our military. It is only a first step. We must also repeal the Budget Control Act and end seques-tration if we are going to truly address our shortfalls. We must return to a ra-tional budgeting process at the Pen-tagon, where spending is based upon defending the defeating threats to this Nation, not arbitrary and devastating across-the-board cuts. Mr. Speaker, nearly 70 years ago, President Harry Truman addressed this body about the growing Soviet threat to Eastern Europe. He said: ‘‘There are times in world history when it is far wiser to act than to hesitate. There is some risk in action. There always is. But there is far more risk in failure to act.’’ President Truman continued: ‘‘We must be prepared to pay the price for peace or, assuredly, we shall pay the price for war.’’ Today, Mr. Speaker, I urge that we begin to pay the price for peace. I urge support for the rule and for the under-lying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 174 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: SEC. 2. In rule XXI add the following new clause: 13. (a) It shall not be in order to consider a bill or joint resolution proposing to repeal or amend the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (PL 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconcili-ation Act of 2010 (PL 111–152), or part thereof, in the House, in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, or in the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means, unless an easily searchable electronic estimate and comparison prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Office is made available on a publicly avail-able website of the House. (b) It shall not be in order to consider a rule or order that waives the application of paragraph (a). 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1330 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 725, INNOCENT PARTY PROTECTION ACT Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 175 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 175 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 725) to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.027 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1612 March 8, 2017 
The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the under-lying legislation. Current Federal court rules allow trial lawyers to en-gage in picking their preferred venue. In particular, trial lawyers are able to file suit against the defendant in one State while keeping their case in a dif-ferent State’s court. When a lawsuit is filed against a de-fendant in another State, trial lawyers may also sue a defendant in the State where they want the trial to occur. This keeps the case in the lawyers’ pre-ferred State court. Many times the target of the lawsuit is a large, national business. But if the only defendant in the case is an out-of- State business, then the case can be heard in Federal court. Because of this, the trial lawyer will then also sue an innocent local individual or a small business in order to keep the case be-fore a local court. Usually, the case against the inno-cent local defendant is dropped once the case is safely back in State court, but it is dropped only after the inno-cent local defendant has spent time and money dealing with the lawsuit. This practice is wrong. This practice perverts our justice system and causes needless pain. Trial lawyers should not have the power to subject innocent local individuals and small businesses to costly and time-consuming lawsuits just to rig the system. This kind of abuse of litigation is unjust and must be stopped. A well-respected Federal appeals court judge, J. Harvie Wilkinson of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, has publicly supported Congress putting an end to this abuse. He has suggested that Congress provide judges greater leeway in making the proper decision on whether a case should be removed to Federal court. He has also suggested that Congress give Federal judges greater discretion to determine early on in a case whether a local party has been fraudulently sued. The Innocent Party Protection Act provides these exact changes. In 2014 Judge Wilkinson addressed these proposals and said: That is exactly the kind of approach to Federal jurisdiction reform that I like be-cause it is targeted. And there is a problem with fraudulent ju-risdiction law as it exists today, I think, and that is that you have to establish that the joinder of a nondiverse local defendant is to-tally ridiculous and that there is no possi-bility of ever recovering. 
That is very hard to do. So Judge Wilkinson went on: 
So I think making the fraudulent joinder law a little bit more realistic appeals to me because it seems to me the kind of inter-mediate step that addresses some real prob-lems. 
The legislation that this rule makes in order is the solution to the problem that Judge Wilkinson identifies. The underlying legislation would protect innocent local defendants in two main ways. First, the Innocent Party Pro-tection Act allows Federal judges more leeway when determining whether a de-fendant has been fraudulently joined to a lawsuit for the purpose of keeping the case out of Federal court. When a judge has a case before his or her court, the judge will have clear guidelines for determining whether the locality of a defendant can be dis-regarded in establishing whether the case will proceed in Federal or State court. However, this in no way in-fringes on our State court systems. The judge must conclude that the de-fendant will not face a liability under applicable State law. Once that conclu-sion is reached, the judge then may re-lease the innocent defendant from the case. This provision keeps legal claims in Federal Court that properly belong there by allowing Federal judges to de-cide whether a local party is truly a le-gitimate defendant and not simply en-snared in a case for the sole purpose of keeping the case in a trial lawyer- friendly State court. This is a fair and efficient solution to the problem. Secondly, the Innocent Party Protec-tion Act establishes a uniform ap-proach for evaluating whether a plain-tiff has a good-faith intention of seek-ing judgment against a local defendant. While the U.S. Supreme Court has long recognized the right of courts to consider whether a plaintiff has a good- faith intention of seeking a judgment against a local defendant, the applica-tion of this principle has not been uni-form. The Innocent Party Protection Act simply codifies this longstanding prin-ciple and permits Federal judges to limit a lawsuit to the appropriate de-fendant. Plaintiffs with legitimate claims against both a local and out-of-State defendant will be able to pursue their case in State court. However, if no le-gitimate claim exists, the out-of-State defendant will have the opportunity to have the case heard in a neutral forum. By codifying this principle, we effec-tively protect innocent individuals and small businesses from bad-faith litiga-tion. Mr. Speaker, the underlying legisla-tion is a fair solution to one type of frivolous litigation. I support this ef-fort, and I thank Chairman GOODLATTE  and the Judiciary Committee for bring-ing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate a rule for a piece of legislation that will, in the final analysis, make it more dif-ficult for hardworking Americans to stand up to corporate malfeasance; a piece of legislation that jettisons a his-tory of legal precedent in the blink of an eye because, well, it helps keep the deep pockets of the ultrawealthy as deep as possible. I learned this law in law school in 1959, but it was in existence way before that time, and now my friends across the aisle are going to tell us that this legislation is needed because it will protect small businesses. This is a feint, folks. Small businesses—indeed all of us—have been and continue to be protected by the century-old jurispru-dential rule that the Republicans come here today to upend. In reality, all this bill will do is make it more difficult for regular folks across this country to bring lawsuits against massive cor-porations. I shudder to think what would have happened in the critically important asbestos case had this particular law been in effect; and there are many more. This bill will make it more expensive both in time and treasure for our fel-low Americans to hold corporations re-sponsible in the courtroom, a need all the more prevalent today as my friends across the aisle have been busy gutting regulations at a dizzying pace. Let me make it clear, after we finish, my colleague from Colorado and I are going to go back to the Rules Com-mittee to discuss some more judicial reform. A lot of it is stuff that is going to harm little people in the courts and to cause them not to have access to the court system, as have many of the reg-ulations that we have already dis-approved. Let us be clear, the American people didn’t vote for dirty water, but that is what they got with this Republican majority when it voted to repeal a rule that barred corporations from dumping mining debris into our drinking water, helping powerful mining companies by hurting all of the rest of the people in their near curtilage. The American people didn’t vote to weaken the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that is what this ma-jority did when it passed a bill adding more hurdles to the SEC rulemaking process, making it more difficult for the agency to protect consumers, help-ing Wall Street while putting our econ-omy at risk. I will make a prediction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.012 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1613 March 8, 2017 
here. It may not happen right away, but just like we saw the Great Depres-sion that we are just coming out of, we are likely to see that same kind of sit-uation again by virtue of lessening the rules against violations in securities. The American people didn’t vote to drug test Americans on unemployment insurance—degrading the hardworking men and women in this country—but that is what this Republican majority did without delay. Mr. Speaker, the list really does go on and on. In fact, just yesterday, Re-publicans continued to chant the cor-porate clarion call with the unveiling of what I now will call their shameful replacement of the Affordable Care Act. Until there is a resolution, I am going to call it TrumpCare. My colleagues like to tout how short the bill is compared to the Affordable Care Act. Well, the American people will be surprised to find that, in that brevity, Republicans managed to repeal an Affordable Care Act provision that placed a limit on insurance executives’ compensation. Let me repeat that. They managed to repeal a provision that placed a limit on insurance execu-tives’ compensation. The insurance ex-ecutives shouldn’t be too surprised by this, however. Repeatedly, Republicans have shown they represent corporate interests over the interests of the American people. But my Republican colleagues didn’t stop there. Their so-called replace-ment, the Trump bill, also claims to have done away with the individual mandate. What they don’t tell you is that, instead, their plan calls for fun-neling money to the insurance compa-nies in the form of a 30 percent sur-charge if an individual goes without health insurance. Let me tell all the older Americans and 80-year-old people like me to get ready because they are going to be able to charge you just exactly what they want to charge you, and all—mine and yours—insurance is going to go up if this particular measure were to become law. That is right. Under the Republican healthcare proposal, if you, the Amer-ican worker, goes without healthcare coverage for longer than 2 months—say you couldn’t after a new plan between jobs—then Republicans give insurance companies the right to charge you 30 percent higher premiums. That is ridic-ulous. Republicans didn’t get rid of the indi-vidual mandate. They just turned the mandate into a windfall for insurance companies—a windfall that is going to work out great for insurance execu-tives now that Republicans also re-moved the cap on their compensation tax deductions. Mr. Speaker, let us not lose sight of the fact that it took Republicans 7 years of undermining the Affordable Care Act to finally come up with this proposal for replacing it. b1345 Their plan would kick millions of Americans off their health insurance and force millions more to pay higher premiums. It would take health care away from the poor, give tax cuts to the rich, and pull the rug out from under seniors, families, and children. In fact, this plan is so bad that Re-publicans literally hid not only their horrific proposal, but themselves, from their constituents. Many of their Mem-bers are seeing it just in the last 36 hours. They did this by callously brushing off townhall meeting after townhall meeting. Why all the smoke and mirrors re-garding something as simple as this measure is in light of the fact that they ran on replacing it? Why hide it and why rush it and why go through this charade that most of us know and several Senators said yesterday will be dead on arrival? Actually, let me ask the American people. Who do you think the Repub-lican Party is representing, you or cor-porate America? Mr. Speaker, we are not even a full 2 months into the Republican-led gov-ernment and, in addition to the uncon-stitutional Muslim bans—and notice I said ‘‘bans,’’ because the old one is nothing but the new one, and the new one is the old one, minus one, and that is the country of Iraq—we have the Re-publican denial of clear Russian influ-ence in our most recent election. Let me be very clear about this par-ticular aspect. All of the intelligence agencies have indicated that there was Russian interference in this last elec-tion. I don’t understand why we are not totally outraged and why there is not extraordinary emphasis on this kind of action against our fundamental democ-racy. It is ridiculous that we are around here doing things that we know are not likely to pass the United States Senate and that we are disapproving regula-tions, yet we cannot get an inde-pendent commission to make a deter-mination of how this impact occurred. And we do know that it occurred. I am outraged, and I would hope more Amer-icans would be as well. We have also seen the almost imme-diate recusal of the Attorney General due to his inability to be forthright with our Senate colleagues; wild and baseless claims emanating from late- night Twitter storms from 1600 Penn-sylvania Avenue or Mar-a-Lago; and we have a Republican Party dedicated to ensuring that their corporate bene-factors can rest easy, no matter the harm they cause to everyday working Americans. Are we addressing any of these con-cerns here today? I would imagine my colleague, right-ly, will come back and argue that all the things that I just talked about are not this particular rule. Well, this rule is not even deserving of that kind of consideration, largely for the reason it is yet another structured rule dis-allowing Members of this House to have an opportunity to have input into a measure that is getting rid of a cen-tury of precedent in our judiciary. No, what we are doing is debating obscure civil procedure rules that date back to the days of President Teddy Roosevelt. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to remind the gentleman from Florida that we are debating the special order of busi-ness from rules and that all comments must be relevant to the rule or the un-derlying bill. This particular underlying bill has to do with a rule of civil procedure and fraudulent joinders. It does not have to do with the gentleman’s healthcare re-placement act or his thoughts on the healthcare replacement act, insurance executive’s compensation, individual mandates, tax cuts for the rich, Russia, Iraq, although I did appreciate the gen-tleman’s memories from law school the year that I was born. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, it is a delight for me to join the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) on a piece of legislation that actually has his name on it, he is responsible for, under-stands, and is prepared today to fully debate. I would also like to thank the gen-tleman from Florida, a member of the Rules Committee, for not only coming down to offer his argument against the facts of the case as they reside today on this important piece of legislation, but I also want to acknowledge that I know the frustration. I know there is a lot of frustration. There is a lot of frustration from our colleagues who have lost the House, the Senate, and the Presidency. They are in the middle of what might be called wandering, as they have called it, in the darkness or in the doldrums of being deep in the minority. With that said, there is an agenda that is being laid out before the Amer-ican people. It happened, Mr. Speaker, directly as a result of what we call an election—an election where all these issues, or most of them that have been discussed by the gentleman, were fully debated not only in a theater near you, but directly in congressional contests, in senatorial contests and the debates for the President of the United States. The facts of the case are really pret-ty simple. The Republican Party will be talking about all the issues that the gentleman brought up today right be-fore our eyes. Probably on C–SPAN, trying to compete against us, is a hear-ing in the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. The gentleman, G
REG WALDEN , the chairman of the committee, over the weekend released the text of the chair-man’s mark, the ‘‘bill’’ of the Repub-lican Party of how we are going to look at health care. It is true that we have Chairman D
EVIN NUNES of the Intelligence Com-mittee looking at the issue that was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1614 March 8, 2017 
brought up of Russia. We have forth-rightly, over the weekend, said: All right. We are being asked to look at this. Just so you know, media, Amer-ican people, we are going to do that. We are going to do what you have asked because we believe it is the right thing to do: open hearings, open de-bate, acknowledgement of the issues, and a certainty that we will go look into it, and we are going to let you know what we find. That is really where we are. This morning, at 8 a.m. in my office, I cohosted with the gentleman from Florida an opportunity for the Amer-ican Bar Association. We brought in, from across this country—I didn’t bring them in; they came into my of-fice from across the country—a number of well-established, thoughtful, and ar-ticulate people. We didn’t ask: Are you Republican? We didn’t ask: Are you Democrat? We said: You represent your organization, and we want to hear from you. This is the kind of leadership that I believe not only myself but also the gentleman, Mr. H
ASTINGS , wants to be associated with. We want to be associ-ated with listening to the American people, trying to be thoughtful about what we do and have equal participa-tion. The gentleman knows that at the Rules Committee yesterday we had a very thoughtful person representing the Republican Party. The gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) came up. We had Mr. B
UCK, who was able to come and talk about this issue today. In fact, it might be an arcane issue to the American people, but it consumes a lot of time, and it has a deliberative ef-fect on the outcome of important cases in Federal courts and State courts across the country. We feel like it is worthy of an afternoon, an afternoon at the Rules Committee, to fully vet the legislation and an afternoon here on the floor of the House of Represent-atives. But like any other good majority, we have a lot of other things going on, and we are looking at the Affordable Care Act, how it worked and how we might thoughtfully replace it. We are looking at the issues related to Russia. We are looking at the American Bar Associa-tion. Members of Congress are extremely busy, but, Mr. Speaker, I think, with great respect, we should give the au-thor of the bill, Mr. B
UCK, his time to come and thoughtfully explain why we are doing what we are doing. I am just a dadgum chairman of the committee. I just do the things that I hope are necessary to look at every single item and being fair—being fair in the ability that people have to come and bring their ideas and trying to be fair in trying to bring them down here. So I want to thank the gentleman for acknowledging this body is busy. This body is engaged in, as we speak, a pub-lic, open debate about what direction health care should go. What I would like to offer is my eval-uation of where we are going to be. We are going to be at a point where we do not have to scare people about where we have been or why we are going to a place. I am on what is known as ObamaCare. As a Member of Congress, I am legally required to be on ObamaCare for health care. But, Mr. Speaker, it is twice as expensive as what I had before; and it is not work-ing for me, it is not working for my family, and it is not working for a lot of people. So we are trying to look at how we might carefully, thoughtfully, artfully work with the American people, so we put the bill up and let you see it. We don’t have to pass it to find out what is in it. We are trying to read the bill and understand it first. Mr. Speaker, it is not a pledge. It is a hope that every single Member of this body will understand what is in the bill before they can respectfully, whether somebody disagrees or agrees with it, explain the bill for what is cor-rect. What is correct about the bill is this: if you like your own doctor, you can keep your own doctor. If you like your own healthcare plan, even if it is ObamaCare, you can do that, too. The Republican Party is open about what we believe. We are trying to be thoughtful with the American people. Mr. Speaker, I believe, with the lead-ership that we have of PAULRYANwho has attempted to work through a dif-ficult issue, the American people will understand why Republicans not only won the election, but why Republicans have better ideas in health care, too. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I have great respect for the chairman of the Rules Committee and he knows that. I just heard him say his insurance went up under ObamaCare. Mine did, too. I also want to remind him that, if this measure as offered yesterday were to become law, his and my insurance is going to go up again. So we weren’t doing all of the things that you said you were going to do by bringing the price down. In addition, we don’t even know what CBO’s score is with respect to this matter. You said that you are reading it to understand it now, yet Members are in the Energy and Commerce Committee, as you explained, marking it up, and they don’t even know what CBO’s score is. I will get back to that in a few min-utes about all these people we pay over there to do that work, and then we are not utilizing them. I also want to address my friend from Colorado and have him understand that I am not precluded from presenting to the American public what legislation we wish to prioritize. As the gentleman knows, we are cur-rently debating the rule. This is a tool used to set the House agenda and to prioritize consideration of legislation. For that very reason, this is, in fact, the appropriate time for us to explain to the American people what legisla-tion we would like to prioritize and what agenda we would like to pursue in this House. I won’t reiterate it, in the interest of time. I will have a previous question that will demonstrably show what legisla-tion we think we should be addressing. I will do that for as long as I am given the opportunity to manage rules. I will come down here and present the posi-tion of the Democratic Party so that they understand our priorities and not necessarily am I hidebound by this rule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1400 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, without continuing the dialogue, I would like to at least respond to the gentleman and look right at you, Mr. Speaker, and tell you, in fact, we are going to have a CBO score. We are going to have a CBO score when we have an agreed- upon bill. This is a process that is open. The bill is being proposed. The bill is going to be debated. Then there are going to be votes. For them to presume that they know the score before they know the out-come is not the way the chairman of the committee looks at it. Mr. W
ALDEN  looks at it that he is going to let the committee vote and come up with a bill, and there are significant changes that could happen one way or another. I think it would be a presumptuous viewpoint to say here is the bill and here is the score, take it or leave it. I know Chairman W
ALDEN very well, and G
REGWALDEN is trying to operate off openness and the agreement to look at the bill. When it is finalized, a score will become available. I appreciate the gentleman bringing this issue up. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding. I especially thank him for bringing this legislation before this Congress. I rise in support of this rule and the underlying bill. We are addressing the topic that we used to call fraudulent joinder. I like the title of this bill bet-ter, as pointed out by Ms. S
LAUGHTER  last night. We call it the Innocent Party Protection Act. It is more accu-rate and it is more descriptive. The other fraudulent joinder piece tends to put people to sleep who aren’t oper-ating in this arena. I know that the gentleman from Col-orado (Mr. B
UCK) has operated in this arena. He has significant experience and frustrating experience watching in-nocent parties being drug into litiga-tion just so that an opposing attorney can utilize that jurisdiction within a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.033 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1615 March 8, 2017 
particular State where they think they have a friendly venue. First, Mr. Speaker, I make the point from the beginning, which we don’t often enough do here, and that is our pledge we made some years ago that all of our legislation would be indexed back to the Constitution. We don’t al-ways address that in the debate. I just turn my pocket Constitution to Article III, section 1. It says: ‘‘The ju-dicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and es-tablish.’’ We agree with that. I have made this point that all of the Federal courts are completely under the jurisdiction of the United States Congress. If we de-cided that we wanted to abolish a Fed-eral district, we could do that. In fact, it happened 200 years ago, two dis-tricts. I don’t propose such a thing, but I am just asserting the power of Con-gress, which hasn’t been questioned or challenged, I would point out. Under section 2, it says: ‘‘The judi-cial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising . . . between Citizens of different States. . . .’’ This is a tool, then, that the fraudu-lent joinder attorneys use to drag peo-ple into litigation who may have noth-ing to do with it whatsoever. It is a problem. It is a problem, we know, not just because there are complaints out there from innocent parties that have been wrapped up in litigation and re-quired to defend themselves and hire attorneys and spend thousands of dol-lars—tens of thousands—hundreds of thousands of dollars in order to protect their economic interests even though they have zero involvement in the case and perhaps zero chance of having any judgment brought against them. So apparently the judges who make these decisions look at rule 11 and they find enough latitude in there that they allow the defendants to stay on the case, and I will call them being fraudu-lently joined to the case. We need to tighten up these rules. We need to send a very clear message to the courts so that they have got some guidelines to live by because it is their job, of course, to read the law, take their di-rections from the United States Con-gress, and act accordingly. I think just this debate and the debate we had in the last Congress help us in that cause. The next thing I pick up from the Constitution, the next thing is the bill itself, and prevention of fraudulent joinder is under section 2. It sets out four different categories that would be cause for the court to release a defend-ant. And it says the joinder of the de-fendant is described in this paragraph. It says it is fraudulent if the court finds that in one of four different cat-egories there is actual fraud in the pleading of jurisdictional facts, which, with respect to that defendant, if there is actual fraud, that is pretty much a no-brainer, should be released from the case. That is pretty simple. I am glad it is now an opportunity to go into statute. Second is if it is based on a com-plaint and the materials submitted under the paragraph, it is not plausible to conclude that the applicable State law would impose liability on that de-fendant. In other words, if it is implau-sible for the defendant to have a liabil-ity, then the court can release that de-fendant under this act should it be-come law. That is also, to me, a no- brainer. As one who has been a defendant in lawsuits, I would reflect, Mr. Speaker, that when I first ran for office, there were some people who thought that I should just simply capitulate to what-ever their legal demands were. Even though I have only been in the court-room a couple handful of times throughout the 40-some years of busi-ness that we have done as King Con-struction, I had four of them lined up against me at the same time. They thought that I would just have to set-tle out of court. It is a frustrating thing to not see a liability but have that leverage brought against you. I have experienced that, and that ani-mates me on this. The third component is if a State or Federal law clearly bars all claims in the complaint against that defendant. All right, that is also a simple provi-sion. But the fourth one is another one that deserves consideration, and that is that there be a good faith intention. Otherwise, if there is no good faith in-tention to prosecute the action against that defendant or to seek a joint judg-ment which would include that defend-ant, then that defendant can be re-leased from the case. We need to streamline our courts, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I would just summarize this case in that it is not only me, it is not Mr. B
UCK alone, it is not Mr. S
ESSIONS alone, it is the American people who are calling out for this kind of relief. It is not just the American people—we might con-sider them to be laypersons in this— but it is also the courts. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Harvie Wilkinson, as Mr. B
UCKquoted, spoke to this issue. The Supreme Court of the United States has spoken to this issue under ‘‘plausible’’ versus ‘‘specula-tive.’’ Professor Martin Redish also has spoken on this subject matter. The Third Circuit spoke to the Briscoe issue. The final piece is the Fifth Circuit has essentially adopted a very similar, if not identical, policy. We need to codify this. This is our chance to do so. I urge adoption of the rule and support of the underlying rule. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Iowa for his thoughts. May I inquire how much time is re-maining on my side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Colorado has 10 minutes remaining. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I would ad-vise the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ) that I have no additional speakers. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule which would modify the rules of the House to re-quire a cost estimate from the Congres-sional Budget Office before any legisla-tion that would amend or repeal the Affordable Care Act may be considered in committee or on the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce are marking up repeal legis-lation today. Legislation this signifi-cant should not advance through the committee process, let alone the House, without first hearing from our nonpartisan budget experts at the Con-gressional Budget Office on what the cost and overall impact will be. Mr. Speaker, we have over 200 em-ployees at the Congressional Budget Office. We pay them collectively—and administrative duties—nearly $50 mil-lion a year to advise us at times ex-actly like this. House rules already require the Con-gressional Budget Office cost estimates to be included in committee reports. We are simply trying to improve and strengthen this principle of trans-parency in order to ensure that we know the cost of this repeal legislation before we vote, and that includes the members in the Committee on Energy and Commerce today who are marking this up so as how they would know the cost before they vote in committee today. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is not too late for my friends across the aisle to tether themselves to the ideals that have made this country great for generations; ideals that, if we are to be saved from the rushing current we presently find ourselves being dragged down by, will be, as they always have been, those ideals which save us from ourselves. We are a nation built upon the strength of immigrants, of teachers, of doctors, of mill workers, garbagemen and -women, small-business owners, and farmers. We are a nation of dream-ers and innovators, respectful of our in-dividuality and mindful of our unparal-leled power once unified in common cause. At some point, my Republican friends will, I hope, realize that their unabashed and wholesale championing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.035 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1616 March 8, 2017 
of corporate interests at the expense of hardworking Americans is a losing cause. For the sake of our environ-ment, our children, our grandchildren, and our unborn children, I hope this day is earlier rather than later. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and the underlying measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, the rule before the House today is simple. It provides for the consideration of the Innocent Party Protection Act. Mr. Speaker, we often speak of the Federal regulations or taxes inhibiting job growth in our country, but there are other headwinds that our Nation’s job creators face as well. One of those headwinds is frivolous litigation. I believe strongly that anyone and everyone should have access to justice. Everyone who is injured deserves to have their day in court, and they should have the opportunity to make their case. However, sometimes trial lawyers take advantage of our justice system and seek to gain an unfair ad-vantage against a defendant. Trial law-yers may try to go court shopping in order to rig the case against the de-fendant. One way they may seek to secure their preferred venue is to sue a per-fectly innocent individual or a small business who happens to reside in the jurisdiction within which the trial law-yer desires to pursue the case. After some time, the innocent party is often released from the litigation, but not before incurring legal costs as well as emotional and opportunity costs. Each time an innocent small-business man or woman has to divert their attention from growing their business and divert resources away from investing in their employees and creating jobs and divert energy away from expanding their in-volvement in our communities, and in-stead they are forced to direct their at-tention toward defending themselves from a frivolous legal claim, each time this happens is a missed opportunity for creating jobs and for realizing eco-nomic growth. The Innocent Party Protection Act defends our small-business men and women from bad faith lawsuits. It pro-vides relief from trial lawyers who seek out friendly courts in order to pursue their cases. It balances the needs of justice with proper restraints on decid-edly unjust actions. The Innocent Party Protection Act is a good and eq-uitable solution. I ask my colleagues in the House to support our local busi-nesses and defend them against frivo-lous lawsuits. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the reso-lution. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. Rein in this abuse of our justice system. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE  and Chairman Sessions for bringing this bill before us. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 175 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 2. In rule XXI add the following new clause: 13. (a) It shall not be in order to consider a bill or joint resolution proposing to repeal or amend the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (PL 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconcili-ation Act of 2010 (PL 111–152), or part thereof, in the House, in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, or in the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means, unless an easily searchable electronic estimate and comparison prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Office is made available on a publicly avail-able website of the House. (b) It shall not be in order to consider a rule or order that waives the application of paragraph (a). 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question on House Resolution 175 will be followed by 5-minute votes on adoption of House Resolution 175, if ordered; ordering the previous question on House Resolution 174; and adoption of House Resolution 174, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 230, nays 184, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 129] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.036 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1617 March 8, 2017 
Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Bishop (GA) Brooks (AL) Cleaver Crist Cummings Gonzalez (TX) Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jordan Meeks Moore Palazzo Pittenger Titus Welch 
b1436 Messrs. O’HALLERAN, MOULTON, and WALZ changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 129. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 185, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 130] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Allen Cleaver Cummings Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Pelosi Suozzi Titus Welch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.014 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1618 March 8, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 130. Stated against: Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 130. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1301, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 174) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1301) mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 232, nays 189, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 131] YEAS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—8 
Cleaver Cummings Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Reed Roskam Titus Welch 
b1451 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 131. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Can the Chair tell me whether the CBO has scored the Amer-ican Health Care Act, which is cur-rently being marked up in the Ways and Means Committee? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has not stated a proper par-liamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that the Speaker will not respond. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15-vote minute vote on the motion to adjourn will be followed by a 5-minute vote on adoption of House Resolution 174, if or-dered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 127, noes 295, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 132] AYES—127 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Grijalva 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.042 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1619 March 8, 2017 
Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Matsui McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Quigley Raskin Richmond Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Soto Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—295 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Esty Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Amodei 
NOT VOTING—6 
Cleaver Cummings Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Titus Welch 
b1509 Mr. SCHWEIKERT, Mr. KILMER, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. D
ELAURO and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to adjourn was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1301, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the resolution (H. Res. 174) pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1301) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 185, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 133] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.020 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1620 March 8, 2017 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Cleaver Cummings Dunn Hunter Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Moulton Sensenbrenner Smith (NJ) Titus Welch 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call No. 134. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\H08MR7.REC H08MR7bjneal on DSK30MX082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1621 March 8, 2017 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY DIRECTING THE ATTORNEY GENERAL TO TRANSMIT CERTAIN DOCUMENTS TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES RELATING TO THE FINAN-CIAL PRACTICES OF THE PRESI-DENT Mr. GOODLATTE, from the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, submitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–28) on the resolution (H. Res. 111) of inquiry directing the Attorney General to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the financial practices of the Presi-dent, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 174, I call up the bill (H.R. 1301) making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 174, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1301 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, for military functions administered by the De-partment of Defense and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $40,042,962,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for else-where), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $27,889,405,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $12,735,182,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (ex-cept members of reserve components pro-vided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation ca-dets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $27,958,795,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,524,863,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equiv-alent duty, and expenses authorized by sec-tion 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,921,045,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on ac-tive duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on ac-tive duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $744,795,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,725,526,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $7,899,423,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,283,982,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $32,738,173,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as author-ized by law, $38,552,017,000: Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emer-gencies and extraordinary expenses, to be ex-pended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for con-fidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $5,676,152,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $36,247,724,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and ex-traordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.051 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1622 March 8, 2017 
of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as authorized by law, $32,373,949,000: Provided, That not more than $15,000,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Ini-tiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $34,964,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Tech-nical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $5,023,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is available only for expenses relat-ing to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance ap-propriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and main-tenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $480,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign se-curity forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterter-rorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $2,743,688,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $929,656,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and trans-portation; care of the dead; recruiting; pro-curement of services, supplies, and equip-ment; and communications, $271,133,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; re-pair of facilities and equipment; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; travel and transpor-tation; care of the dead; recruiting; procure-ment of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,069,229,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the Na-tional Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of sup-plies and equipment (including aircraft), $6,861,478,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; sup-plying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for re-pair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; trav-el expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while in-specting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bu-reau, $6,615,095,000. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  A
RMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,194,000, of which not to ex-ceed $5,000 may be used for official represen-tation purposes. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $170,167,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appro-priation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $289,262,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $371,521,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $9,009,000, to remain available until transferred: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are re-quired for environmental restoration, reduc-tion and recycling of hazardous waste, re-moval of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar pur-poses, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of De-fense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this ap-propriation: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  U
SEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $222,084,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1623 March 8, 2017 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the De-partment of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
VERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND C
IVICAID For expenses relating to the Overseas Hu-manitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid pro-grams of the Department of Defense (con-sisting of the programs provided under sec-tions 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $123,125,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018. C
OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance pro-vided by contract or by grants, under pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Pro-gram authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $325,604,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. TITLE III PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,587,598,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,533,804,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, includ-ing ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and in-stallation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other ex-penses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,229,455,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,483,566,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $6,147,328,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $16,135,335,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and re-lated support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equip-ment layaway, $3,265,285,000, to remain avail-able for obligation until September 30, 2019. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $633,678,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construc-tion, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and ar-mament thereof, plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $773,138,000; Carrier Replacement Program, $1,255,783,000; Carrier Replacement Program (AP), $1,370,784,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,187,985,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $1,852,234,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,699,120,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $233,149,000; DDG–1000 Program, $271,756,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $3,614,792,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,563,692,000; LPD–17, $1,786,000,000; LHA Replacement, $1,617,719,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $73,079,000; Moored Training Ship, $624,527,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $128,067,000; Service Craft, $65,192,000; LCAC Service Life Extension Program, $82,074,000; YP Craft Maintenance/ROH/SLEP, $21,363,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $626,158,000; Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $160,274,000; and Polar Icebreakers (AP), $150,000,000. In all: $21,156,886,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided, That additional obligations may be in-curred after September 30, 2021, for engineer-ing services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be con-structed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act for production of the com-mon missile compartment of nuclear-pow-ered vessels may be available for multiyear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1624 March 8, 2017 
procurement of critical components to sup-port continuous production of such compart-ments only in accordance with the provi-sions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328)). O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and mod-ernization of support equipment and mate-rials not otherwise provided for, Navy ord-nance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $6,308,919,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For expenses necessary for the procure-ment, manufacture, and modification of mis-siles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equip-ment, appliances, and machine tools, and in-stallation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehi-cles for the Marine Corps, including the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,307,456,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; special-ized equipment; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erec-tion of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to ap-proval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $14,253,623,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,348,121,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,733,243,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,589,219,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; lease of passenger motor ve-hicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $17,768,224,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procure-ment, production, and modification of equip-ment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of struc-tures, and acquisition of land for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $4,881,022,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019. D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of De-fense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $64,065,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $8,332,965,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $17,214,530,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V– 22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $27,788,548,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,778,550,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this para-graph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid In-novation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to in-clude program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept dem-onstration; engineering, testing, and valida-tion; and transition to full-scale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the pur-pose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the De-partment of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. O
PERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , D
EFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evalua-tion, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, pro-duction decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $186,994,000, to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2018. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,511,613,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1625 March 8, 2017 
TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $33,781,270,000; of which $31,277,002,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018, and of which up to $15,315,832,000 may be avail-able for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $402,161,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for procurement; and of which $2,102,107,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018, shall be for research, development, test and eval-uation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, de-velopment, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV preven-tion educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assist-ance activities conducted primarily in Afri-can nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for re-search, development, test and evaluation, not less than $1,014,600,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical re-search programs. C
HEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  D
ESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provi-sions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chem-ical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $523,726,000, of which $119,985,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $49,533,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $20,368,000 for activities on mili-tary installations and $29,165,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, to assist State and local governments, and of which not more than $13,700,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018, shall be for the destruction of eight United States-origin chemical munitions in the Republic of Pan-ama, to the extent authorized by law; $15,132,000 shall be for procurement, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, of which $15,132,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $388,609,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, shall be for research, devel-opment, test and evaluation, of which $380,892,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counter-drug ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military per-sonnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and main-tenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $998,800,000, of which $626,087,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $118,713,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $234,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program; and $20,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the ap-propriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained else-where in this Act. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $312,035,000, of which $308,882,000 shall be for operation and main-tenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and pay-ments may be made on the Inspector Gen-eral’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $3,153,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, $514,000,000. I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  A
CCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $515,596,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any per-son not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of De-fense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase au-thorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is com-puted under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in ex-cess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own em-ployees, whichever is higher: Provided fur-ther, That this section shall not apply to De-partment of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplo-matic missions whose pay is set by the De-partment of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limita-tions of this provision shall not apply to for-eign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. S
EC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,500,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made avail-able in this Act to the Department of De-fense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which trans-ferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which origi-nally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other au-thority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be avail-able to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for re-programming of funds, unless for higher pri-ority items, based on unforeseen military re-quirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017: Provided further, That trans-fers among military personnel appropria-tions shall not be taken into account for pur-poses of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this sec-tion. S
EC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budg-et activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the ta-bles titled Explanation of Project Level Ad-justments in the explanatory statement re-garding this Act, the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those pro-grams, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced ta-bles described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2017: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1626 March 8, 2017 
(2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by budget activity and pro-gram, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in sub-section (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such re-programming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense- wide’’; (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working cap-ital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed trans-fer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to work-ing capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war re-serve material inventory, unless the Sec-retary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. S
EC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 cal-endar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liabil-ity in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the con-gressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quan-tity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s li-ability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procure-ment of aircraft, that includes, for any air-craft unit to be procured through the con-tract for which procurement funds are re-quested in that budget request for produc-tion beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor asso-ciated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for a multiyear procurement contract as follows: AH–64E Apache Heli-copter and UH–60M Blackhawk Helicopter. SEC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic as-sistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assist-ance costs incidental to authorized oper-ations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humani-tarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such fa-cilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian pa-tients from American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Mi-cronesia, Palau, and Guam. S
EC. 8012. (a) During fiscal year 2017, the ci-vilian personnel of the Department of De-fense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the management of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limita-tion (known as an end-strength) on the num-ber of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2018 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2018 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2018. (c) As required by section 1107 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinven-tion Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Al-lowances, and the management of the work-force strength shall be done in a manner con-sistent with the budget available with re-spect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to apply to military (civilian) techni-cians. SEC. 8013. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States un-less such malt beverages and wine are pro-cured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided, That, in a case in which the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is lo-cated: Provided further, That such local pro-curement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic bev-erages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with an-other State: Provided further, That alcoholic beverages other than wine and malt bev-erages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. S
EC. 8014. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional ac-tion on any legislation or appropriation mat-ters pending before the Congress. S
EC. 8015. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a full-time student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a full-time student is credited to-ward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided fur-ther, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8016. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Prote´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Prote´ge´Program developmental as-sistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the au-thority of this provision or any other trans-fer authority contained in this Act. S
EC. 8017. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the De-partment of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manu-factured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1627 March 8, 2017 
treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the ag-gregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components pro-duced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service re-sponsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. S
EC. 8018. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Working Capital Fund, Army’’, $140,000,000 shall be available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. S
EC. 8019. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to de-militarize or destroy small arms ammuni-tion or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for fur-ther use. S
EC. 8020. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Cap-ital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. S
EC. 8021. Of the funds made available in this Act, $15,000,000 shall be available for in-centive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a sub-contract award to any subcontractor or sup-plier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or in-dividuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be consid-ered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under sec-tion 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appro-priated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That not- withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisi-tion of commercial items produced or manu-factured, in whole or in part, by any subcon-tractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small busi-ness owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. S
EC. 8022. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international polit-ical or psychological activities. S
EC. 8023. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contribu-tions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. SEC. 8024. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $40,021,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corpora-tion, of which— (1) $28,000,000 shall be available from ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to sup-port Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activi-ties involving youth programs; (2) $10,337,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,684,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle pro-curement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activi-ties in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. S
EC. 8025. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an orga-nization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation con-sisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, ex-cept when acting in a technical advisory ca-pacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the de-partment from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Govern-ment grants, for absorption of contract over-runs, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2017, not more than 5,750 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to pre-viously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the de-fense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intel-ligence Program (NIP) and the Military In-telligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2018 budget request, submit a report pre-senting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each de-fense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $60,000,000. SEC. 8026. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro- vided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of the military de-partment responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided fur-ther, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 8027. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate, the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives. S
EC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense- related articles, through competition be-tween Department of Defense depot mainte-nance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency con-cerned, with power of delegation, shall cer-tify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. S
EC. 8029. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a for-eign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall re-scind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursu-ant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from for-eign entities in fiscal year 2017. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1628 March 8, 2017 
SEC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. S
EC. 8031. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accord-ance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under sub-section (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Sec-retary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a–1). S
EC. 8032. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the De-partment of Defense for operation and main-tenance may be used to purchase items hav-ing an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. S
EC. 8033. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated Janu-ary 27, 2014. S
EC. 8034. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in mili-tary resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local com-munity: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or to-bacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. S
EC. 8035. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the pur-pose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to cus-tomers of the Department of Defense Work-ing Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fis-cal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for pro-curement. (b) The fiscal year 2018 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2018 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropria-tion contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2018 procure-ment appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8036. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central In-telligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, ex-cept for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund dur-ing this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and develop-ment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall re-main available until September 30, 2018. S
EC. 8037. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this Act and hereafter for the Defense Intel-ligence Agency may be used for the design, development, and deployment of General De-fense Intelligence Program intelligence com-munications and intelligence information systems for the Services, the Unified and Specified Commands, and the component commands. S
EC. 8038. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environ-mental impacts, including training and tech-nical assistance to tribes, related adminis-trative support, the gathering of informa-tion, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. S
EC. 8039. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of inten-tionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall deter-mine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the per-son should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or prod-ucts purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of De-fense, in expending the appropriation, pur-chase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competi-tive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. SEC. 8040. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relo-cate any element of a United States Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force— (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment re-quired to consolidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or relocation yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. S
EC. 8041. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the de-partment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the lim-itations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and cer-tifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate that the granting of the waiver will re-duce the personnel requirements or the fi-nancial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to improve the effectiveness and effi-ciencies of biometric activities and to inte-grate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency es-tablished to administer the Air Force Mor-tuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Oper-ations for the Department of Defense and au-thorized Federal entities. S
EC. 8042. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act shall be available to con-vert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of De-fense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organiza-tion plan developed by such activity or func-tion; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for per-formance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or func-tion by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1629 March 8, 2017 
(A) 10 percent of the most efficient organi-zation’s personnel-related costs for perform-ance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an ad-vantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the work-ers who are to be employed in the perform-ance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer- sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian em-ployees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwith-standing any administrative regulation, re-quirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or in-dustrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list es-tablished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits- Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in ac-cordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified firm under at least 51 per-cent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot mainte-nance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or func-tion of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or out-sourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, sub-section (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or out-sourcing of commercial activities. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 8043. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, 2015/2017, $15,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2015/2017, $23,045,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2015/2017, $88,000,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2015/2017, $11,933,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, 2015/2017, $43,600,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2015/ 2017, $57,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2015/2017, $25,500,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, 2016/2018, $34,594,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, 2016/2018, $5,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2016/2018, $84,100,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $6,755,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $5,307,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, 2016/2018, $6,968,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2016/ 2020: DDG-51 Destroyer, $50,000,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2016/ 2020: LPD-17, $14,906,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2016/ 2020: LX (R), (AP), $236,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $56,374,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/ 2018, $383,200,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/ 2018, $34,700,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/2018, $100,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/2018, $56,369,000; ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’, 2016/2018, $2,600,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Army’’, 2016/2017, $33,402,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Navy’’, 2016/2017, $31,219,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’, 2016/2017, $532,550,000; and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Defense-Wide’’, 2016/2017, $64,500,000. SEC. 8044. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the author-ized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air Na-tional Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any ad-ministratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military tech-nicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. S
EC. 8045. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that pur-pose. S
EC. 8046. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Mili-tary Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserve provide intel-ligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. S
EC. 8047. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appro-priations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activi-ties may be transferred to any other depart-ment or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. SEC. 8048. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domes-tic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense re-quirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to ac-quire capability for national security pur-poses: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commer-cial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the re-striction shall apply to ball or roller bear-ings purchased as end items. S
EC. 8049. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to retire, divest, re-align, or transfer RQ–4B Global Hawk air-craft, or to disestablish or convert units as-sociated with such aircraft. S
EC. 8050. None of the funds made available by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procure-ments are open for award to all certified pro-viders of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehi-cle-class systems: Provided, That the award shall be made to the provider that offers the best value to the government. S
EC. 8051. In addition to the amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available else-where in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organiza-tions and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. S
EC. 8052. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national se-curity purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. S
EC. 8053. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision in this Act, the Small Business Inno-vation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set- asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the ex-tent they contribute to the extramural budg-et. S
EC. 8054. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a con-tractor under a contract with the Depart-ment of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8055. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred, to be used in support of such per-sonnel in connection with support and serv-ices for eligible organizations and activities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1630 March 8, 2017 
outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8056. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of sec-tion 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unex-pended balance, an obligation or an adjust-ment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the ex-pired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that ac-count; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current ap-propriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subse-quent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the au-thority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro- vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. S
EC. 8057. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equip-ment of the National Guard Distance Learn-ing Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall es-tablish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associ-ated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. S
EC. 8058. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relation-ships to give Fleet Forces Command oper-ational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and con-trol relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Pro- vided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notifi-cation unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any pro-posed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational re-quirements. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8059. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-wide’’, $25,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Coun-sel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Depart-ment of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are trans-ferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. SEC. 8060. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or in-ventory requirements: Provided, That this re-striction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping, and test activi-ties preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs fund-ed within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. S
EC. 8061. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with re-spect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from for-eign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limi-tation with respect to that country would in-validate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate recip-rocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under con-tracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any rea-son other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limi-tation regarding construction of public ves-sels, ball and roller bearings, food, and cloth-ing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. S
EC. 8062. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Depart-ment of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8063. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Serv-ice Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Cen-ter for Public Service Training and Develop-ment Act (2 U.S.C. 1105). S
EC. 8064. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability dem-onstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national inter-est to do so. SEC. 8065. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly re-port to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. S
EC. 8066. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serv-ing on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground- based elements of the National Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System. S
EC. 8067. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any non-governmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center- fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor pene-trator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-pierc-ing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a con-tract that requires the entity to dem-onstrate to the satisfaction of the Depart-ment of Defense that armor piercing projec-tiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of De-fense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. S
EC. 8068. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under sec-tion 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organi-zation specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, so-cial, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by- case basis. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8069. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $75,950,170 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the ac-quisition of real property, construction, per-sonal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts en-tered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Pro- vided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the max-imum extent consistent with the national se-curity, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 8070. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1631 March 8, 2017 
(1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budg-et, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassi-fied P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are appor-tioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be con-strued to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Pro-gram budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is other-wise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal re-porting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management proc-esses. Such study shall include a comprehen-sive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed pro-posals defined under subsection (c), the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-retary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alter-natives will help achieve auditability, im-prove fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and in-telligence committees. S
EC. 8071. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby ap-propriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the deter-mination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible mili-tary beneficiary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8072. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $600,735,000 shall be for the Israeli Coopera-tive Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $62,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rock-et threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $266,511,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, in-cluding cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $150,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, of which not more than $90,000,000, subject to pre-viously established transfer procedures, may be obligated or expended until establishment of a U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for SRBMD; $204,893,000 shall be for an upper- tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regula-tions, and procedures, of which not more than $70,000,000 subject to previously estab-lished transfer procedures, may be obligated or expended until establishment of a U.S.- Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier; and $67,331,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program includ-ing development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8073. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $160,274,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro- vided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appro-priations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2017: LPD–17 Am-phibious Transport Dock Program $45,060,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2011/2017: DDG–51 De-stroyer $15,959,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2017: Littoral Com-bat Ship $3,600,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2017: Littoral Com-bat Ship $82,400,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2017: Expeditionary Fast Transport $6,710,000; and (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2017: Expeditionary Fast Transport $6,545,000. S
EC. 8074. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2017 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. S
EC. 8075. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new pro-gram, project, or activity unless such pro-gram, project, or activity must be under-taken immediately in the interest of na-tional security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8076. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in con-tingency operations for the Military Per-sonnel accounts, the Operation and Mainte-nance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency oper-ation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided fur-ther, That these documents shall include es-timated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhib-its OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Depart-ment of Defense Financial Management Reg-ulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. SEC. 8077. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile de-fense system. S
EC. 8078. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $157,000,000. S
EC. 8079. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of na-tional defense requirements during the non- hurricane season. S
EC. 8080. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States per-sons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitu-tion as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. S
EC. 8081. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of un-manned aerial vehicles. S
EC. 8082. Up to $10,120,000 of the funds ap-propriated under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Pro-gram for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Co-operation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided, That funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding au-thorities for humanitarian assistance, secu-rity assistance or combined exercise ex-penses: Provided further, That funds may not be obligated to provide assistance to any for-eign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. S
EC. 8083. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall re-main available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appro-priated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2018. S
EC. 8084. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1632 March 8, 2017 
of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appro-priations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. S
EC. 8085. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees to establish the baseline for applica-tion of reprogramming and transfer authori-ties for fiscal year 2017: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the con-gressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. S
EC. 8086. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, re-structure, or realign Army Contracting Com-mand—New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Con-tracting Command—New Jersey sites with-out 30-day prior notification to the congres-sional defense committees. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 8087. Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Defense, the following funds are permanently rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Acquisi-tion Workforce Development Fund: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: From ‘‘Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, Defense’’, $531,000,000. S
EC. 8088. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assist-ance under section 1206 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3456), or peace-keeping operations for the countries des-ignated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child sol-diers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Pre-vention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. S
EC. 8089. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, $67,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available, notwith-standing any other provision of law, to the Secretary of Defense acting through the Of-fice of Economic Adjustment of the Depart-ment of Defense to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, and supplement other Federal funds to address the need for assistance to support critical existing and enduring military installations and missions on Guam, as well as any potential Depart-ment of Defense growth, for purposes of ad-dressing the need for civilian water and wastewater improvements. SEC. 8090. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in ac-cordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-tional Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropria-tions, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notifi-cation period may be reduced for urgent na-tional security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a re-programming or transfer of funds in accord-ance with section 102A(d) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that re-sults in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congres-sional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security require-ments. S
EC. 8091. The Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years intelligence pro-gram (including associated annexes) reflect-ing the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. S
EC. 8092. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’’ means the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8093. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the ap-propriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department con-cerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8094. Funds appropriated by this Act for operation and maintenance may be avail-able for the purpose of making remittances and transfer to the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8095. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 8096. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal con-tract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provi-sion of an existing agreement with an em-ployee or independent contractor that man-dates that the employee or independent con-tractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be en-forced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or sub-contract if the Secretary or the Deputy Sec-retary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national secu-rity interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall trans-mit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this sub-section not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8097. From within the funds appro-priated for operation and maintenance for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1633 March 8, 2017 
the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $122,375,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for pur-poses of section 1704(b), the facility oper-ations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and sup-porting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by sec-tion 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided fur-ther, That additional funds may be trans-ferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Pro-gram to the Joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 8098. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8099. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8100. Upon a determination by the Di-rector of National Intelligence that such ac-tion is necessary and in the national inter-est, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, trans-fer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unfore-seen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017. S
EC. 8101. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8102. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprison-ment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8103. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other for-eign country, or any other foreign entity ex-cept in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). S
EC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). S
EC. 8105. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Sec-retary of Defense, or any other official or of-ficer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of under-standing, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, determines that it is in the vital na-tional security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the con-gressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the trans-fer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federa-tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. S
EC. 8106. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8107. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders ap-pointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia pay-ments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal in-jury, or death that is incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this sec-tion may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipi-ent is determined by the local military com-mander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be com-pensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘For-eign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) NATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Sec-retary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram should be determined pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should in-clude such factors as cultural appropriate-ness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) L
EGAL ADVICE .—Local military com-manders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this sub-section. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Depart-ment of Defense regulations. (f) W
RITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. S
EC. 8108. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or mainte-nance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accord-ance with section 1042 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. S
EC. 8109. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Web site in a searchable format. S
EC. 8110. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the perform-ance of a flight demonstration team at a lo-cation outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a per-formance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was can-celed during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. S
EC. 8111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Se-curity Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to sec-tion 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1634 March 8, 2017 
title 18, United States Code) of any elec-tronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic commu-nication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. S
EC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 8113. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Fed-eral agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Pro- vided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8114. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or ex-pand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the con-gressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military oper-ation being conducted by United States Spe-cial Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive the prohibitions in this sec-tion if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary cir-cumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the con-gressional defense committees of such waiv-er. S
EC. 8115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolu-tion (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hos-tilities is clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in con-travention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to di-vest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any A– 10 aircraft, or to disestablish any units of the active or reserve component associated with such aircraft. S
EC. 8117. None of the funds provided in this Act for the T–AO(X) program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following compo-nents unless those components are manufac-tured in the United States: Auxiliary equip-ment (including pumps) for shipboard serv-ices; propulsion equipment (including en-gines, reduction gears, and propellers); ship-board cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. S
EC. 8118. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $336,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8119. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $1,155,000,000. S
EC. 8120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to divest or retire, or to prepare to divest or retire, KC–10 air-craft. S
EC. 8121. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to di-vest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any EC– 130H aircraft. S
EC. 8122. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or par-ticipants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and De-partment of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (en-closure 3, 14a and 14b). S
EC. 8123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. S
EC. 8124. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $274,524,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes re-lated to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Pro- vided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and ex-penses related to the National Defense Re-serve Fleet. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8125. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $20,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, and up to $75,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Re-search, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ to develop, replace, and sus-tain Federal Government security and suit-ability background investigation informa-tion technology systems of the Office of Per-sonnel Management or other Federal agency responsible for conducting such investiga-tions: Provided, That the Secretary may re-program or transfer additional amounts into these headings or into ‘‘Procurement, De-fense-Wide’’ using established reprogram-ming procedures applicable to congressional special interest items: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement, not supplant any other amounts made available to other Federal agencies for such purposes. S
EC. 8126. None of the funds made available by this Act for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization pro-gram may be obligated or expended for pre- milestone B activities after March 31, 2018. S
EC. 8127. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8128. Additional readiness funds made available in title II of this Act for ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be trans-ferred to and merged with any appropriation of the Department of Defense for activities related to the Zika virus in order to provide health support for the full range of military operations and sustain the health of the members of the Armed Forces, civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense, and their families, to include: research and de-velopment, disease surveillance, vaccine de-velopment, rapid detection, vector controls and surveillance, training, and outbreak re-sponse: Provided, That the authority pro-vided in this section is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority pro-vided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 8129. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to por-nography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 8130. (a) The Ship Modernization, Op-erations and Sustainment Fund established by section 8103 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2013 (division C of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 321) is hereby termi-nated, effective as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (b) Any unobligated balances in the Ship Modernization, Operations and Sustainment Fund as of the date of the enactment of this Act are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 8131. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. S
EC. 8132. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, any transfer of funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center pursu-ant to section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as appli-cable. S
EC. 8133. No amounts credited or other-wise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be trans-ferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department spe-cific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). S
EC. 8134. The explanatory statement re-garding this Act, printed in the House of Representatives section of the Congressional Record on or about March 8, 2017, by the Chairman of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, shall have the same effect with respect to the allo-cation of funds and implementation of this Act as if it were a Report of the Committee on Appropriations. S
EC. 8135. No funds provided in this Act shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials avail-able to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1635 March 8, 2017 
the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A de-partment or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with ac-cess to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. Each In-spector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure rel-evant to the information provided by the es-tablishment over which that Inspector Gen-eral has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $1,948,648,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $327,427,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $179,733,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $705,706,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $42,506,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $11,929,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $3,764,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $20,535,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $196,472,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,288,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $15,693,068,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $7,887,349,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,607,259,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,556,598,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $6,476,649,000: Provided, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not to exceed $920,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, shall be for payments to re-imburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to ade-quately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclu-sive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing spe-cialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and sta-bility operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional de-fense committees outlining the amounts in-tended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, shall be available to pro-vide support and assistance to foreign secu-rity forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterter-rorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, up to $30,000,000 shall be for Operation Observant Compass: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congres-sional defense committees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $38,679,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $26,265,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,304,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $57,586,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1636 March 8, 2017 
$127,035,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $20,000,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
FGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,262,715,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, to the se-curity forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with ex-isting projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Af-ghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate ad-justments, and other necessary contract ac-tions to complete existing projects, and asso-ciated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the au-thority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Pro- vided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any per-son, foreign government, or international or-ganization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the con-gressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense com-mittees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activ-ity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equip-ment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional de-fense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruit-ment and training of female security per-sonnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C OUNTER -ISIL T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Train and Equip Fund’’, $980,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided fur-ther, That these funds may be used, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may de-termine, to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas, including Jordan and Lebanon, resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That amounts made avail-able under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or indi-viduals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropria-tion account, notify the congressional de-fense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and re-tain contributions, including assistance in- kind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justifica-tion for such waiver is submitted to the con-gressional defense committees, the Commit-tees on Appropriations and Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equip-ment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant and re-turned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the De-partment of Defense upon written notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That equipment pro-cured using funds provided under this head-ing, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant may be treated as stocks of the Department of De-fense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, in-cluding, but not limited to, the number of in-dividuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $313,171,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $405,317,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehi-cles, Army’’, $395,944,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Army’’, $290,670,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Army’’, $1,343,010,000, to remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1637 March 8, 2017 
available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $367,930,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $8,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $65,380,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Navy’’, $99,786,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Marine Corps’’, $118,939,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $927,249,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $235,095,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $273,345,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $3,529,456,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Defense-Wide’’, $244,184,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  A
CCOUNT  For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $750,000,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Re-serve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this para-graph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $100,522,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $78,323,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $67,905,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $159,919,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $140,633,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $331,764,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Inter-diction and Counter-Drug Activities, De-fense’’, $215,333,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. J
OINT IMPROVISED -THREAT DEFEAT FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the ‘‘Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund’’, $339,472,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Direc-tor of the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization to investigate, develop and pro-vide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, personnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of impro-vised explosive devices: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein to appropriations for military personnel; operation and mainte-nance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accomplish the purpose pro-vided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 5 days prior to making transfers from this ap-propriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $22,062,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2017. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may, with the approval of the Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1638 March 8, 2017 
of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the author-ity in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construc-tion associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for op-eration and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of over-seas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction include all in-house Govern-ment costs. S
EC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may pur-chase for use by military and civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of re-sponsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger car-rying vehicles. S
EC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Com-manders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not ex-ceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6-month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quar-ter, the Army shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees quarterly com-mitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided fur-ther, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes de-scribed herein for a project with a total an-ticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a written no-tice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military cam-paign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the pro-posed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agency of the United States Govern-ment or a third-party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and main-tenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. SEC. 9006. Funds available to the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined op-eration with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting mili-tary and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees re-garding support provided under this section. S
EC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. S
EC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Na-tions Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Re-form and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Depart-ment of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). S
EC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the ap-proval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That the AROC must approve the re-quirement and acquisition plan for any serv-ice requirements in excess of $50,000,000 an-nually and any non-standard equipment re-quirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has con-vened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. S
EC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for oper-ation and maintenance may be used to pur-chase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of De-fense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Com-mander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. SEC. 9011. From funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, up to $60,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to support United States Government transition activities in Iraq by funding the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and security assistance teams, including life support, transportation and personal secu-rity, and facilities renovation and construc-tion, and site closeout activities prior to re-turning sites to the Government of Iraq: Pro- vided, That to the extent authorized under the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, the operations and activi-ties that may be carried out by the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, in-clude non-operational training activities in support of Iraqi Minister of Defense and Counter Terrorism Service personnel in an institutional environment to address capa-bility gaps, integrate processes relating to intelligence, air sovereignty, combined arms, logistics and maintenance, and to manage and integrate defense-related institutions: Provided further, That not later than 30 days following the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for transitioning any such training activities that they determine are needed after the end of fiscal year 2017, to ex-isting or new contracts for the sale of de-fense articles or defense services consistent with the provisions of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.): Provided fur-ther, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a written notice con-taining a detailed justification and timeline for the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq at each site where such operations and activities will be conducted during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 9012. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appro-priated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be used to pro-vide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. S
EC. 9013. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to pro-cure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9014. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative’’, $150,000,000 is hereby ap-propriated, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including train-ing; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and serv-ices; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weap-ons or defensive articles provided to the Gov-ernment of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1639 March 8, 2017 
this heading, notify the congressional de-fense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was trans-ferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written no-tification to the congressional defense com-mittees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 9015. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9014 of this Act. S
EC. 9016. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9014 for ‘‘Assist-ance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9017. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reim-bursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist or-ganizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neigh-boring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and in-telligence agencies are not intervening extra-judicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear- related material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judi-cial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterter-rorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced per-sons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by- case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, ex-ercises such waiver authority, the Secre-taries shall report to the congressional de-fense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Paki-stan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classi-fied form if necessary. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9018. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to im-prove the intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer au-thority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees on the proposed uses of these funds: Pro- vided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any pro-gram, project, or activity specifically lim-ited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2017. S
EC. 9019. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent in-volvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian terri-tory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congres-sional consultation and reporting require-ments of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 9020. None of the funds in this Act may be made available for the transfer of ad-ditional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghani-stan National Security Forces or the Af-ghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congres-sional defense committees of the Afghani-stan Air Force’s medium airlift require-ments. The report should identify Afghani-stan’s ability to utilize and maintain exist-ing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to provide additional support to the Afghani-stan Air Force’s current medium airlift ca-pacity. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 9021. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide, DSCA Coalition Support Fund’’, 2016/ 2017, $300,000,000; ‘‘Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund’’, 2016/2017, $200,000,000; ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, 2016/ 2017, $150,000,000; and ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/2018, $169,000,000. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 9022. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That amounts rescinded pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Con-gress for contingency operations directly re-lated to the global war on terrorism pursu-ant to section 3(c)(2) of H. Res. 5 (112th Con-gress) and as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 403(a) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress) are designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide: Coalition Support Funds’’, XXXX, $11,524,000. SEC. 9023. (a) The Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicle Fund provided for by sec-tion 123 of Public Law 110–92 (121 Stat. 992) is hereby terminated, effective as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) Any unobligated balances in the Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicle Fund as of the date of the enactment of this Act shall, notwithstanding any provision of sub-chapter IV of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code, or the procedures under such subchapter, be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. S
EC. 9024. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subse-quently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN ) and the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1301, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present H.R. 1301, the Defense Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2017. In total, this bill provides $577.9 bil-lion in funding for the Department of Defense: $516.1 billion in discretionary funding and $61.8 billion in overseas contingency operations and global war on terrorism funding. When combined with the funding pro-vided in the continuing resolution sup-plemental enacted in December, total defense funding for fiscal year 2017 equals $584 billion, consistent with the top line provided in the National De-fense Authorization Act, and $10.9 bil-lion more than fiscal year 2016 levels. Mr. Speaker, strengthening our na-tional security and rebuilding our mili-tary starts today, with this agreement, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.024 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1640 March 8, 2017 
the first step after years of cutbacks. Our Armed Forces and intelligence community are currently operating under a continuing resolution, which denies them stability and predict-ability, both of which they have not had for many years. H.R. 1301 provides that stability, re-moving defense funding from under continuing resolution autopilot, pre-venting further damage to our national defense and providing additional sup-port for our men and women in uniform and their families. Our troops serve with honor in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, South Korea, Japan, across the Baltics, the Sinai, and Africa on the ground, in the air, and aboard ships across the globe doing the work of freedom. Mr. Speaker, this agreement rejects the troop reductions proposed by the previous administration, providing for increased end-strength levels author-ized by the NDAA: 1.3 million Active Duty troops and 813,000 National Guard and Reserve troops, all of whom work as one team. Our bill also fully funds the author-ized 2.1 percent pay raise and provides increased funding for Defense Health Programs to ensure full care for all of our warfighters, their families, and military retirees. This agreement also ensures that our Armed Forces have the training and equipment they need to conduct suc-cessful missions. Funding is increased for key readiness programs that pre-pare and train our troops and that modernize essential military installa-tions. It reverses the previous adminis-tration’s cuts to procurement, pro-viding for additional production of state-of-the-art aircraft and ships. In addition, we enhance cyber and ISR programs, or intelligence, surveil-lance and reconnaissance programs, ca-pabilities our combatant commanders badly need. This reflects congressional priorities. We took into account the views of each and every Member who worked with us throughout the process. This is a bipar-tisan, bicameral agreement that de-serves the support of the House. I thank Chairwoman K
AYGRANGER  for her efforts in bringing this bill to the floor today and for taking over the leadership of the Defense Sub-committee in January. I also thank the subcommittee’s ranking member, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , for his contributions to this bill and the earlier bill. He has been an excellent partner throughout this process, and I am grateful for our continued strong working relationship. In addition, I commend N
ITALOWEY , the ranking member of the full com-mittee, for her partnership and com-mitment to completing all of our ap-propriations work. Lastly, I thank the staff of the sub-committee that is behind me, both mi-nority and majority, as well as our per-sonal offices and the full Appropria-tions Committee for their tireless work putting this bill together. In particular, I would like to ac-knowledge Will Smith and David Pomerantz, the outgoing staff directors for the Appropriations Committee, both majority and minority, in this re-markable committee. Both have made immeasurable contributions to the Ap-propriations Committee in this institu-tion, and we are indebted for their service. We thank both of them and wish them both the best. Mr. Speaker, today our Nation faces a dangerous and unpredictable world. At the same time, our Armed Forces are struggling to have our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines fully trained and ready to meet every con-ceivable threat. That important work to address that critical situation starts with this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the agreement, and I reserve the balance of my time. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT SUBMITTED BY MR. FRELINGHUYSEN, CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPRO-PRIATIONS REGARDING H.R. 1301 The following is an explanation of the ef-fects of this Act, which makes appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2017. Unless otherwise noted, ref-erences to the House and Senate reports are to House Report 114–577 and Senate Report 114–263, respectively. The language contained in the House and Senate reports warrant full compliance and carry the same weight as language included in this explanatory state-ment unless specifically addressed to the contrary in the bill or this explanatory statement. While repeating some language from the House or Senate reports for empha-sis, this explanatory statement does not in-tend to negate the language referred to above unless expressly provided herein. 
DEFINITION OF PROGRAM , PROJECT , AND 
ACTIVITY  For the purposes of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177), as amended by the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Reaffirmation Act of 1987 (Public Law 100– 119), and by the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–508), the terms ‘‘pro-gram, project, and activity’’ for appropria-tions contained in this Act shall be defined as the most specific level of budget items identified in the Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act, 2017, the related classified annexes and explanatory statements, and the P–1 and R–1 budget justification documents as subsequently modified by congressional action. The following exception to the above defi-nition shall apply: the military personnel and the operation and maintenance ac-counts, for which the term ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ is defined as the ap-propriations accounts contained in the De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act. At the time the President submits the budget request for fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary of Defense is directed to transmit to the congressional defense committees budget justification documents to be known as the ‘‘M–1’’ and the ‘‘O–1’’ which shall identify, at the budget activity, activity group, and sub- activity group level, the amounts requested by the President to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for military per-sonnel and operation and maintenance in any budget request, or amended budget re-quest, for fiscal year 2018. 
REPROGRAMMING GUIDANCE  The Secretary of Defense is directed to continue to follow the reprogramming guid-ance for acquisition accounts as specified in the report accompanying the House version of the Department of Defense Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2008 (House Report 110– 279). For operation and maintenance ac-counts, the Secretary of Defense shall con-tinue to follow the reprogramming guide-lines specified in the conference report ac-companying H.R. 3222, the Department of De-fense Appropriations Act, 2008. The dollar threshold for reprogramming funds shall re-main at $10,000,000 for military personnel; $15,000,000 for operation and maintenance; $20,000,000 for procurement; and $10,000,000 for research, development, test and evaluation. Also, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is directed to continue to pro-vide the congressional defense committees annual DD Form 1416 reports for titles I and II and quarterly, spreadsheet-based DD Form 1416 reports for Service and defense-wide ac-counts in titles III and IV of this Act. Re-ports for titles III and IV shall comply with guidance specified in the explanatory state-ment accompanying the Department of De-fense Appropriations Act, 2006. The Depart-ment shall continue to follow the limitation that prior approval reprogrammings are set at either the specified dollar threshold or 20 percent of the procurement or research, de-velopment, test and evaluation line, which-ever is less. These thresholds are cumulative from the base for reprogramming value as modified by any adjustments. Therefore, if the combined value of transfers into or out of a military personnel (M–1), an operation and maintenance (O–1), a procurement (P–1), or a research, development, test and evalua-tion (R–1) line exceeds the identified thresh-old, the Secretary of Defense must submit a prior approval reprogramming to the con-gressional defense committees. In addition, guidelines on the application of prior ap-proval reprogramming procedures for con-gressional special interest items are estab-lished elsewhere in this statement. FUNDING INCREASES  The funding increases outlined in the ta-bles for each appropriation account shall be provided only for the specific purposes indi-cated in the tables. 
CONGRESSIONAL SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided or items for which funding is spe-cifically reduced as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ are congres-sional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount, as specifically addressed in the explanatory statement. 
CLASSIFIED ANNEX  Adjustments to classified programs are ad-dressed in the accompanying classified annex. 
BUDGET LIAISON SUPPORT TO THE HOUSE  
AND SENATE DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS  
SUBCOMMITTEES  The House and Senate Defense Appropria-tions Subcommittees rely heavily on offices within the Comptroller organizations of the military departments and the Office of the Secretary of Defense to conduct their over-sight responsibilities and make funding rec-ommendations for the Department of De-fense. Established in the 1970s in accordance with a recommendation of the Blue Ribbon Defense Panel, these offices facilitate the ap-propriate flow of information between the House and Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittees and the Comptroller of the respective department or agency. In the early 1990s, the House and Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittees restated the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.052 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1641 March 8, 2017 
support these organizations provide to the Committees and noted that ‘‘while the var-ious offices of legislative affairs offer great assistance to DoD and the Congress, they do not provide the expertise and the direct rela-tionship to the Comptroller organizations which are essential to the effective commu-nication between DoD and the Committees on Appropriations.’’ Further, the explanatory statement ac-companying the Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act, 2016 echoed the imperative to maintain the existing liaison structure to achieve the highest level of communication and trust between the Department of De-fense and the House and Senate Defense Ap-propriations Subcommittees. The House and Senate Defense Appropria-tions Subcommittees repeat this support for the budget liaison organizations and reit-erate previously stated concerns that efforts to incorporate these organizations into the military and Office of the Secretary of De-fense legislative affairs offices would be dele-terious to the appropriations process and to the utility of the budget liaison operation. Therefore, the agreement retains a provision in title II of this Act from previous years that prohibits the use of funds in this Act to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the Service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office. 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES  The agreement fully funds the fiscal year 2017 base budget requirement of $6,734,000,000 for the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, and the defense agencies cyberspace activities, an increase of $992,000,000 over the fiscal year 2016 enacted level. While the Service and defense-wide budget justification material, as well as the Depart-ment of Defense classified cyberspace activi-ties information technology investments budget justification materials, provide some level of detail, much of the funding is encom-passed within larger programs and funding lines, which limits visibility and congres-sional oversight of requested funding for cyberspace activities specifically. Beginning in fiscal year 2018, the Depart-ment of Defense Chief Information Officer is directed to modify the cyberspace activities exhibit in order to provide increased visi-bility and clarity into the cyberspace activi-ties funding requirements and changes to funding requirements from the previous fis-cal year enacted levels, to segregate civilian and military pay, and to provide a crosswalk between the cyberspace activities justifica-tion books and the Services and defense-wide budget justification material. Further, in order to provide additional clarity and to enhance oversight, the Depart-ment of Defense Chief Information Officer, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and the Service Secre-taries, is directed to conduct a review of the budget justification material and provide a proposal to the House and Senate Appropria-tions Committees not later than September 1, 2017, for how to clearly delineate the De-partment of Defense cyber investment ac-tivities requested in the operation and main-tenance, procurement, and research, develop-ment, test and evaluation accounts as part of the budget justification material begin-ning with the fiscal year 2019 budget submis-sion. The Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller) and the Chief Information Officer are encouraged to consider establishing a unique cyber sub-activity group for operation and maintenance accounts and individual cost codes, projects, or program elements for pro-curement and research, development, test and evaluation accounts as part of this re-view. The Department of Defense cyberspace ac-tivities table provided shows the amount of funding provided to each Service and de-fense-wide account in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. Funding appropriated therein may be used only for cyberspace activities as defined by the classified cyberspace activities infor-mation technology investment budget re-quest for fiscal year 2017. The Secretary of Defense is directed to use normal prior ap-proval reprogramming procedures to transfer funding out of any operation and mainte-nance, procurement, or research, develop-ment, test and evaluation accounts as identi-fied in the table titled ‘‘Department of De-fense Cyberspace Activities’’ for any purpose other than cyberspace activities. The De-partment of Defense Chief Information Offi-cer shall submit to the House and Senate Ap-propriations Committees two reports not later than May 30, 2017, and November 30, 2017, which provide the mid-year and end of fiscal year financial obligation and execu-tion data for cyberspace activities of each year. This language replaces the language in-cluded under the heading ‘‘Cyberspace Oper-ations’’ in House Report 114–577. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1642 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 411 here eh08mr17.001rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBERSPACE 
ACTIVITIES 
(Includes cybersecurity, cyberspace operations, and research and development) 
[In thousands of dollars] 
DEPARTMENT OF ARMY 
Military Personnel Operation and Maintenance Procurement Research, Development, Test and Evaluation 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF ARMY DEPARTMENT 
OF NAVY 
Working Capital Fund, Defense Military Personnel Operation and Maintenance Procurement Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF NAVY 
DEPARTMENT OF AIR FORCE 
Military Personnel Operation and Maintenance Procurement Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF AIR FORCE DEFENSE-WIDE 
Working Capital Fund, Defense Operation and Maintenance Procurement Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation 
TOTAL, DEFENSE-WIDE 
TOTAL, CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS Fiscal Year 2016 Fiscal Year 2017 
Enacted Recommended 
159,366 163,409 606,353 760,989 
94,268 233,789 85,131 171,389 
945,118 1,329,576 
116,954 127,484 
220,828 263,388 395,951 
452,003 150,890 104,228 65,580 91,057 
950,203 1,038,160 
257,054 286,464 766,756 
1,020,518 
268,253 326,627 253,519 356,922 
1,545,582 1,990,531 
345,221 323,513 1,222,789 1,311,556 74,125 
60,628 658,702 
679,723 
2,300,837 2,375,420 5,741,740 
6,733,687 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1643 March 8, 2017 
QUARTERLY CYBER OPERATIONS BRIEFING The Secretary of Defense is directed to provide quarterly briefings to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees on all of-fensive and significant defensive military op-erations in cyberspace carried out by the De-partment of Defense not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter. TITLE I—MILITARY PERSONNEL The agreement provides $128,725,978,000 in Title I, Military Personnel. The agreement on items addressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1644 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 414 here eh08mr17.002rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
RECAPITULATION 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, ARMY ............................. . 401028 0182 40,042,962 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY ............................. . 27,951,605 27,889,405 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS ..................... . 12.813,412 12,735,182 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE ........................ . 27,944,615 27,958,795 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY ................. , ............ . 4,561,703 4,524,863 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY .............................. . 1 '924. 155 1,921,045 
RESERVE PERSONNEL. MARINE CORPS ...................... . 744,995 744,795 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE .... , ................... ,. 1,742,906 1,725,526 
NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL. ARMY ....................... . 7,910,694 7,899,423 
NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE .................. . 3,280,065 3,283,982 
---""'-··---- ... ..... _ ... __ .,_ .. ,.., 
GRAND TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL ................ . 128,902,332 128,725,978 
============ ::;:::====== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1645 March 8, 2017 
SUMMARY OF MILITARY PERSONNEL END STRENGTH 
Fiscal year 2016 authorized Fiscal Year 2017 Budget request Final bill Change from request Change from fiscal year 2016 
Active Forces (End Strength) Army ........................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 475,000 460,000 476,000 16,000 1,000 Navy ........................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 329,200 322,900 323,900 1,000 ¥5,300 Marine Corps ................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 84,000 182,000 185,000 3,000 1,000 Air Force ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 320,715 317,000 321,000 4,000 285 
Total, Active Forces ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,308,91 5 1,281,900 1,305,900 24,000 ¥3,015 
Guard and Reserve Forces (End Strength) Army Reserve ................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 98,000 195,000 199,000 4,000 1,000 Navy Reserve ................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 5 7,400 58,000 58,000 – – – 600 Marine Corps Reserve ........................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 38,900 38,500 38,500 – – – ¥400 Air Force Reserve .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 69, 200 69,000 69,000 – – – ¥200 Army National Guard ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 342,00 0 335,000 343,000 8,000 1,000 Air National Guard ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 105, 500 105,700 105,700 – – – 200 
Total, Selected Reserve ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 811,000 801 ,200 813,200 12,000 2,200 
Total, Military Personnel ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 2,119,915 2,083,100 2,119,100 36,000 ¥815 
SUMMARY OF GUARD AND RESERVE FULL-TIME STRENGTH 
Fiscal year 2016 authorized Fiscal Year 2017 Budget request Final bill Change from request Change from fiscal year 2016 
Army Reserve: AGR ............................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 16,261 16,261 16,261 – – – – – – Technicians .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 7,395 7,570 7,570 – – – 175 Navy Reserve: AR ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 9,934 9,955 9,955 – – – 21 Marine Corps Reserve: AR ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 2,260 2,261 2,261 – – – 1 Air Force Reserve: AGR ............................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 3,032 2,955 2,955 – – – ¥77 Technicians .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 9,814 10,061 10,061 – – – 247 Army National Guard: AGR ............................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 30,770 30,155 30,155 – – – ¥615 Technicians .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 26,099 25,507 25,507 – – – ¥592 Air National Guard AGR ............................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 14,748 14,764 14,764 – – – 16 Technicians .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 22,104 22,103 22,103 – – – ¥1 
Totals: AGR/AR ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 77,005 76,351 76,351 – – – ¥654 Technicians .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 65,412 65,241 65,241 – – – ¥171 
Total, Full-Time Support ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 142,417 141,592 141,592 – – – ¥825 
MILITARY PERSONNEL OVERVIEW  The agreement provides the resources re-quired for an additional 24,000 active forces and 12,000 selected reserve forces, as author-ized by current law and above the requested end strength levels, in order to meet oper-ational needs for fiscal year 2017. The agree-ment also provides the funding necessary to support a 2.1 percent pay raise for all mili-tary personnel, as authorized, effective Janu-ary 1, 2017. 
REPROGRAMMING GUIDANCE FOR MILITARY  
PERSONNEL ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to submit the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414) for each of the fiscal year 2017 ap-propriations accounts not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The Sec-retary of Defense is prohibited from exe-cuting any reprogramming or transfer of funds for any purpose other than originally appropriated until the aforementioned re-port is submitted to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees. The Secretary of Defense is directed to use the normal prior approval reprogramming procedures to transfer funds in the Services’ military personnel accounts between budget activities in excess of $10,000,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided or have been specifically reduced as shown in the project level tables or in para-graphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are con-gressional special interest items for the pur-pose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be car-ried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the ex-planatory statement. Below Threshold Reprogrammings may not be used to either restore or reduce funding from congressional special interest items as identified on the DD Form 1414. MILITARY BANDS  Military bands honor and celebrate warfighters, promote patriotism during com-munity events, inspire servicemembers, and enhance efforts to recruit and retain troops. Band engagements play an important sup-port role for national security and joint op-erations, opening diplomatic doors for polit-ical and military discussions while building trust and confidence with foreign military and civilian authorities. However, the activi-ties of military bands must not detract from the core competencies of the military. The Secretary of Defense should review opportu-nities to ensure that only the critical func-tions of military bands are supported while minimizing impacts on funding for essential readiness, military personnel, moderniza-tion, and research and development activi-ties. MILITARY PERSONNEL, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1646 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 420 here eh08mr17.003rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
50 MILITARY PERSONNEL, ARMY 
100 ACTIVITY 1: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS 
150 BASIC PAY ............................................ . 6,846,876 6,846,876 
200 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL .................................. . 2,015,554 2,015,554 
250 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .......................... . 2,241,563 2,241,563 
300 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE ...................... . 285,488 285,488 
350 INCENTIVE PAYS ..................................... , .. 85,542 85,542 
400 SPECIAL PAYS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........................ . 367,175 367,175 4 
50 ALLOWANCES ........................................... . 212,392 212,392 
500 SEPARATION PAY ....................................... . 201 '125 201 '125 
550 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX .................................. . 521,218 521 '218 
600 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 .. . .. .. . .. .. . .. . .. . .. .. . .. .. 12, 776, 933 12, 776, 933 
650 ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
700 BASIC PAY, ...................................... , . , .. . 12,429,886 12,429,886 
750 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL .................................. . 3,663,328 3,663,328 
800 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .......................... . 4,701,364 4,701,364 
850 INCENTIVE PAYS ............ , ..... , .................... . 90,342 90,342 
900 SPECIAL PAYS ......................................... . 395,840 395,840 
950 ALLOWANCES ........................................... . 707,120 707,120 1000 
SEPARATION PAY ....... , ............... , ............... . 523,385 523,385 
1050 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 950,887 950,887 
.............. -........ --........................ -
11 00 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2 ........................... . 23,462,152 23,462,152 
1150 ACTIVITY 3: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF CADETS 
1200 ACADEMY CADETS ............................... , ....... . 81 '184 81 '184 
1250 ACTIVITY 4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
1300 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE ....................... 1,240,112 1 '240' 112 
1350 SUBSISTENCE- IN-KIND ................................... 594,481 574,481 
1400 FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE ............. 813 813 
.... "' ............. --................. ---
1450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 .......•...........•........ 1,835,406 1,815,406 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1647 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 421 here eh08mr17.004rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
1500 ACTIVITY 5: PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION 
1550 ACCESSION TRAVEL ..................................... . 155,211 155.211 
1600 TRAINING TRAVEL ...................................... . 149,240 149,240 1650 
OPERATIONAL TRAVEL .................................. . 428,891 428,891 
1700 ROTATIONAL TRAVEL . . . . . . . . ......................... , . 710,007 710,007 
1750 SEPARATION TRAVEL. ................................... . 302,576 302.576 1800 
TRAVEL OF ORGANIZED UNITS ............................ . 4,033 4,033 1850 
NON-TEMPORARY STORAGE ................................ . 14,073 14,073 1900 
TEMPORARY LODGING EXPENSE ...... , ..................... , 47' 766 47,766 
.. .., .......... ~ -.... "' .................... ~ 
1950 TOTAL. BUDGET ACTIVITY 5 .. , ....... , ................ . 1,811,797 1,811,797 
2000 ACTIVITY 6: OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS 
2050 APPREHENSION OF MILITARY DESERTERS ................... . 621 621 
2100 INTEREST ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS ............... . 132 132 
2150 DEATH GRATUITIES .................................... ,. 38,000 38,000 
2200 UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS ................................ . 168,656 168,656 
2250 EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 634 634 
2300 ADOPTION EXPENSES ............ , ..... , ................. . 576 576 
2350 TRANSPORTATION SUBSIDY ............................... . 11,284 11 '284 
2400 PARTIAL DISLOCATION ALLOWANCE ........................ . 251 251 
2450 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ............... . 97.362 97,362 
2500 JUNIOR ROTC .......................................... . 27,522 27,522 
2550 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 6 ........................... . 345,038 345,038 
2600 LESS REIMBURSABLE$ ...................... , ............ . ·284.328 ·284,328 
2650 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT ............................. . 34,780 
============ ===========~ 
2700 TOTAL, ACTIVE FORCES, ARMY .......................... 40,028,182 40,042,962 
6300 TOTAL. MILITARY PERSONNEL. ARMY .................... 40,028,182 40,042,962 
============ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1648 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 422 here eh08mr17.005rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
Budget Request 
BA-4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL SUBSISTENCE-IN-KIND 
Excess growth 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances Increase 
in Army end strength/pay raise Excess 
to requirement 594,481 Final Bill 
574,481 
-20,000 
34,780 
-37,220 843,000 -771,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1649 March 8, 2017 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1650 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 424 here eh08mr17.006rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
6400 MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY 
6450 ACTIVITY 1: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS 
6500 BASIC PAY ............................................ . 4,120,767 4,120,767 
6550 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL .................................. . 1,214,093 1,214,093 
6600 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .......................... . 1,497,045 1 '497' 045 
6650 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE ...................... . 170' 255 170,255 6700 
INCENTIVE PAYS ....................................... . 132,868 132,868 6750 
SPECIAL PAYS ......................................... . 428,731 428' 731 
6800 ALLOWANCES ......................................... . 118,231 118,231 
6850 SEPARATION PAY ...................................... . 47,200 47.200 
6900 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX .................................. . 313,964 313,964 6950 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 8,043,154 8 '043' 1 54 
7000 ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
7050 BASIC PAY ............................................ . 8,940,145 8,940,145 
7100 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL ................................. . 2,636,817 2,636,817 
7150 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING ......................... . 4,254,377 4,254,377 
7200 INCENTIVE PAYS ....................................... . 103,685 103,685 7250 
SPECIAL PAYS ......................................... . 752,380 752,380 
7300 ALLOWANCES ..... 544,072 544,072 7350 
SEPARATION PAY ....................................... . 1 61 '985 161,985 
7400 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX .................................. . 683,920 683,920 7450 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2 ........................... . 18,077,381 18,077,381 
7500 ACTIVITY 3: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF MIDSHIPMEN 
7550 MIDSHIPMEN ....................................... . 81 '580 81 '580 
7600 ACTIVITY 4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
7650 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE ....................... 804,972 804,972 
7700 SUBSISTENCE-IN-KIND ................................... 378,674 378,674 7750 
FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE ............. 10 10 
... --...... ~ -... "' .. -~·~~-~ 
7800 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 .... ' '' . ' . ' ..... ' .. '' .. ' ' ''' 1,183,656 1 '183' 656 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1651 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 425 here eh08mr17.007rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
7850 ACTIVITY 5: PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION 
7900 ACCESSION TRAVEL ..................................... . 
7950 TRAINING TRAVEL ...................................... . 
8000 OPERATIONAL TRAVEL .................................. . 
8050 ROTATIONAL TRAVEL ................................... . 
8100 SEPARATION TRAVEL. ................................... . 
8150 TRAVEL OF ORGANIZED UNITS ...................... . 
8200 NON-TEMPORARY STORAGE ................................ . 
8250 TEMPORARY LODGING EXPENSE ....... . 
8350 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 5 . . . ...................... . 
8400 ACTIVITY 6: OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS 
8450 APPREHENSION OF MILITARY DESERTERS .................. . 
8500 INTEREST ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS ............... . 
8550 DEATH GRATUITIES ..................................... . 
8600 UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS ......... . 
8650 EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 
8700 ADOPTION EXPENSES .................................... . 
8750 TRANSPORTATION SUBSIDY .............................. . 
8800 PARTIAL DISLOCATION ALLOWANCE ........................ . 
8900 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) .............. . 
8950 JUNIOR ROTC .......................................... . 
9000 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 6 .......................... . 
9050 LESS REIMBURSABLES ................................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
84,530 
66,298 
184,700 
228.489 123,633 24,746 12,686 16,225 741,307 
71 
1 '060 13,500 
78,956 16.505 
250 
8,434 
30 
20,234 
14,990 154,030 
·329,503 FINAL 
BILL 
84,530 66,298 
184,700 
228,489 123,633 24,746 12,686 16,225 741,307 
71 
1 '060 13,500 
78.956 16,505 
250 
8,434 
30 
20.234 14,990 154,030 
-329,503 
9100 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT .................... , ... , . . . . . -62,200 
============ ===~====~=~: 
9200 TOTAL, ACTIVE FORCES, NAVY .......................... 27,951,605 27,889,405 
11000 TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY ..................... 27,951,605 27,889,405 
============ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1652 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 426 here eh08mr17.008rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances 
Increase in Navy end strength/pay raise Budget Request Final Bill 
-62,200 
-175,000 112,800 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1653 March 8, 2017 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1654 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 428 here eh08mr17.009rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
12000 MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 
12050 ACTIVITY 1: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS 
12100 BASIC PAY ............................................ . 12150 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL ................................. . 
12200 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .......................... . 12250 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE ...................... . 12300 
INCENTIVE PAYS ....................................... . 
12350 SPECIAL PAYS ......................................... . 
12400 ALLOWANCES ........................................... . 12450 
SEPARATION PAY ....................................... . 
12500 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX .................................. . 
12550 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 
12600 ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
12650 BASIC PAY ............................................ . 
12700 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL ................................. . 12750 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .......................... . 
12800 INCENTIVE PAYS ................. . 
12850 SPECIAL PAYS ........................................ . 
12900 ALLOWANCES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........................ . 12950 
SEPARATION PAY ...................................... . 13000 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX .................................. . 13050 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2 ........................... . 
13100 ACTIVITY 4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
13150 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE ...................... . 
13200 SUBSISTENCE-IN-KIND .................................. . 13250 
FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE .......... . 
13300 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1,543,145 
454,866 
511 '997 
65 '927 
31 '661 
3,582 
35,359 
13' 077 
117,478 
2' 777' 092 
4,840,416 
1,425,856 1,557,367 
9' 137 116,757 289,349 97,926 369,924 
8,706,732 
440,800 
386,455 
1 0 
827,265 FINAL 
BILL 
1 ,543,145 454,866 511,997 65,927 31.661 3,582 35,359 
13' 077 
117,478 
2' 777' 092 
4,840,416 
1,425,856 
1,557,367 
9' 137 116,757 289,349 97,926 369,924 
8,706,732 
440,800 
386,455 
10 
827,265 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1655 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 429 here eh08mr17.010rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
13350 ACTIVITY 5: PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION 13400 
ACCESSION TRAVEL .............................. . 64,291 64,291 13450 
TRAINING TRAVEL ...................................... . 7' 185 7' 185 
13500 OPERATIONAL TRAVEL 130,620 130.620 
13550 ROTATIONAL TRAVEL 107,630 107,630 
13600 SEPARATION TRAVEL .................................... . 109,224 109,224 
13650 TRAVEL OF ORGANIZED UNITS ............................ . 380 380 13700 
NON-TEMPORARY STORAGE ................. . 7,942 7,942 
13750 TEMPORARY LODGING EXPENSE. . . . . . . .................... . 5,473 5,473 
-... --~~------ .. ..... ~--·-----
13850 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 5 ........................... . 432,745 432,745 
13900 ACTIVITY 6: OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS 
13950 APPREHENSION OF MILITARY DESERTERS ................ . 395 395 
14000 INTEREST ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS ............... . 19 19 
14050 DEATH GRATUITIES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...................... . 12,900 12,900 
1 41 00 UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS ................................ . 77' 928 77' 928 14150 
EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 7' 125 7' 125 
14200 ADOPTION EXPENSES .................................... . 116 116 
14250 TRANSPORTATION SUBSIDY ....•........................... 2 '122 2' 122 
14300 PARTIAL DISLOCATION ALLOWANCE ........................ . 1 01 101 
14400 JUNIOR ROTC ..... 3,589 3,589 
--.... ~ .. ------ ----~- ..... -... --
14450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 6 ........................... . 104,295 104,295 
14500 LESS REIMBURSABLE$ .............. . -34,717 ·34,717 
14600 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT ............................. . -78,230 
============ ============ 
14650 TOTAL, ACTIVE FORCES, MARINE CORPS .................. 12,813,412 12,735,182 
16000 TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS ............. 12,813,412 12,735,182 
===~======== ======~~~~~= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1656 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 430 here eh08mr17.011rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances Permanent 
change of station restoral 
Increase in Marine Corps end strength/pay raise Budget Request Final Bill -78,230 
-112,030 20,000 13,800 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1657 March 8, 2017 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1658 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 432 here eh08mr17.012rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
17000 MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
17050 ACTIVITY 1: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS 
17100 BASIC PAY .. , ......................................... . 
17150 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL ....................... , .......... . 1 7 
200 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .......................... . 
1 7 250 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 
17300 INCENTIVE PAYS .. 
17350 SPECIAL PAYS .... 
17 400 ALLOWANCES .............................. , ............ . 17450 
SEPARATION PAY . , .................................... . 17500 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX .................................. . 17550 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 17600 
ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
17650 BASIC PAY ............................................ . 
17700 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL .................................. . 17750 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING ........................ .. 
17800 INCENTIVE PAYS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 17850 
SPECIAL PAYS .......... . 
17900 ALLOWANCES. . . . . . . . . 17950 
SEPARATION PAY ............................ , ......... . 18000 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
4,886,786 
1,433,571 
1,507,570 
199,210 
230,325 303,925 
110,509 
54,540 373,187 
9,099,623 
8, 811 '898 
2,591,637 
3,674.509 
35,601 
357,581 
503,008 109,908 
674,109 
18050 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2............................ 16,758,251 
18100 ACTIVITY 3: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF CADETS 
181 50 ACADEMY CADETS ....................................... . 72' 144 
18200 ACTIVITY 4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
18250 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE ...................... . 1,007,662 
18300 SUBSISTENCE-IN-KIND ........... , ...................... . 131,986 
18350 FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE. 8 
18400 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . 1,139,656 FINAL 
BILL 
4,886,786 1,433,571 
1 '507' 570 
199,210 230,325 303,925 
110,509 54,540 
373,187 9,099,623 
8,811,898 
2,591,637 
3,674,509 
35,601 
357,581 
503,008 109,908 674,109 
16,758,251 72,144 
1,007,662 
131,986 
8 
1,139,656 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1659 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 433 here eh08mr17.013rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS} 
18450 ACTIVITY 5: PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION 
18500 ACCESSION TRAVEL ..................................... . 
18550 TRAINING TRAVEL ...................................... . 
18600 OPERATIONAL TRAVEL .................................. . 
18650 ROTATIONAL TRAVEL .................................. . 
18700 SEPARATION TRAVEL .................................... . 18750 
TRAVEL OF ORGANIZED UNITS ............................ . 
18800 NON-TEMPORARY STORAGE ................................ . 18850 
TEMPORARY LODGING EXPENSE ............................ . 
18950 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 5 ........................... . 19000 
ACTIVITY 6: OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS 
19050 APPREHENSION OF MILITARY DESERTERS ................... . 
19100 INTEREST ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS ............... . 19150 
DEATH GRATUITIES .................................... . 
19200 UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS ................................ . 
19300 EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 
19350 ADOPTION EXPENSES .................................. . 
19400 TRANSPORTATION SUBSIDY.. . . . . . ....................... . 19450 
PARTIAL DISLOCATION ALLOWANCE ........................ . 19550 
RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ............... . 
19600 JUNIOR ROTC ... 
19650 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 6 ........................... . 
19700 LESS REIMBURSABLE$ ................................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
90,791 71,207 265,682 567,998 147,938 
9,204 
23,664 
34,701 
MM~~----,. ....... 
1,211,185 
16 
2,691 
16,000 
53' 431 
79 
435 
4,841 
723 
29,445 
18,200 
125,861 -462,105 FINAL 
BILL 
90,791 
71 '207 
265,682 567,998 
14 7 '938 
9,204 
23,664 34,701 
______ ....... ~ .. --
1,211,185 
16 
2,691 
16,000 
53,431 
79 
435 
4,841 
723 
29,445 
18,200 
125,861 
19750 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT.............................. 14,180 19800 
TOTAL, ACTIVE FORCES, AIR FORCE .................... 27,944,615 27,958,795 
21000 TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE ................ 27,944,615 27,958,795 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1660 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 434 here eh08mr17.014rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances 
Increase in Air Force end strength/pay raise Budget Request Final Bill 
14,180 
-192,220 206,400 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1661 March 8, 2017 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1662 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 436 here eh08mr17.015rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
23000 RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY 
23050 ACTIVITY 1 : RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
23100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING {15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48) ....... . 
23150 PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACTIVE DUTY) ..... . 
23200 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ..................... . 23250 
PAY GROUP P TRAINING (PIPELINE RECRUITS) ............ . 
23300 MOBILIZATION TRAINING 
23350 SCHOOL TRAINING ...................................... . 
23400 SPECIAL TRAINING ..................................... . 
23450 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ........................... . 
23500 EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 
23550 HEALTH PROFESSION SCHOLARSHIP ....................... . 
23600 OTHER PROGRAMS ...................................... . 23650 
TOTAL. BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1 '549' 028 
41,018 
216,524 
11,514 
326 
224,758 
281,611 
2,120,835 
4. 124 
59,937 
52,028 
4,561,703 FINAL 
BILL 
1,549,028 
41,018 
216,524 
11 '514 
326 
224,758 
281,611 
2,120,835 
4' 124 
59,937 
52,028 
4,561,703 
23800 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT...... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . • 36,840 
24000 TOTAL RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY ...................... . 4,561,703 4,524,863 
============ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1663 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 437 here eh08mr17.016rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances 
Increase in Army Reserve end strength/pay raise Budget Request Final Bill 
-36,840 -89,940 53,100 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1664 March 8, 2017 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1665 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 439 here eh08mr17.017rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
26000 RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY 
26050 ACTIVITY 1: RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
26100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING ( 15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48} ....... . 625,660 625,660 
26150 PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACTIVE DUTY) ..... . 7,369 7,369 
26200 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ..................... . 62,904 62,904 
26250 MOBILIZATION TRAINING ................................ . 8,732 8,732 
26300 SCHOOL TRAINING. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... . 50,441 50,441 
26350 SPECIAL TRAINING ..................................... . 112,504 112,504 
26400 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ........................... . 1 '004' 041 1 '004' 041 
26450 EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 1 OS 105 26500 
HEALTH PROFESSION SCHOLARSHIP ......................•.. 52,399 52,399 
26550 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 , 924,155 1,924,155 
26600 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT.............................. -3,110 
27000 TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1, 924, 155 1,921,045 ------------------------ ==:=========== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1666 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 440 here eh08mr17.018rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances Navy Reserve pay raise Budget Request Final Bill 
-3,110 
-8,010 4,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1667 March 8, 2017 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1668 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 442 here eh08mr17.019rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
28000 RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 
28050 ACTIVITY 1: RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
28100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48) ....... . 28150 
PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACT DUTY) ........ . 
28200 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ..................... . 
28300 MOBILIZATION TRAINING ................................ . 
28350 SCHOOL TRAINING ...................................... . 2 8 4 
0 0 SPECIAL T RA I N IN G . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . 
28450 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ........................... . 
28500 PLATOON LEADER CLASS ................................. . 28550 
EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 
28600 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
274,555 43,539 
124,902 2,096 24,607 29,000 
237,484 
8' 124 
688 
744,995 FINAL 
BILL 
274,555 43,539 
124,902 2,096 24,607 29,000 
237,484 8' 
124 
688 
744,995 
28700 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT .. ,.............. . . . . . . . . . . . . . -200 29000 
TOTAL. RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS ............. . 744,995 744,795 
============ ======;===== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1669 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 443 here eh08mr17.020rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances 
Marine Corps Reserve pay raise Budget Request Final Bill 
-200 
-2,100 1,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1670 March 8, 2017 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1671 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 445 here eh08mr17.021rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
30000 RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
30050 ACTIVITY 1: RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
30100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48) ....... . 696,068 696,068 
30150 PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACTIVE DUTY} ..... . 98' 1 33 98,133 
30200 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ..................... . 55,568 55,568 
30250 PAY GROUP P TRAINING (PIPELINE RECRUITS) ............. . 2,559 2,559 
30300 MOBILIZATION TRAINING ................................ . 703 703 30350 
SCHOOL TRAINING ...................................... . 159,593 159,593 
30400 SPECIAL TRAINING ..................................... . 244,844 244,844 
30450 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ........................... . 409,615 409,615 
30500 EDUCATION BENEFITS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................. . 12' 533 12,533 
30550 HEALTH PROFESSION SCHOLARSHIP ........................ . 60,301 60,301 
30600 OTHER PROGRAMS (ADMIN & SUPPORT) ..................... . 2,989 2,989 
-... _ .. ______ ... ___________ ... 
30650 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 1,742,906 1,742,906 
30750 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT ............................. . -17,380 
·------·--·--_____ ... .,. ............. 
31000 TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE ................ . 1,742,906 1,725,526 
===:::::;::::;:===== ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1672 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 446 here eh08mr17.022rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances Air Force Reserve pay raise Budget Request Final Bill 
-17,380 -21,780 4,400 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1673 March 8, 2017 
NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1674 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 448 here eh08mr17.023rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
32000 NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, ARMY 
32050 ACTIVITY 1: RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
32100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48) ....... . 2,561,418 2,561,418 
32150 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ..................... . 551,868 551,868 
32200 PAY GROUP P TRAINING (PIPELINE RECRUITS) ............ . 46,202 46,202 32250 
SCHOOL TRAINING ...................................... . 546,563 536,563 
32300 SPECIAL TRAINING ............... , ............ , ........ . 570,009 590,659 
32350 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ........................... . 3,632,138 3,632,138 
32400 EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 2,496 2,496 
---··"'·----· ..,_,.._ .. __ .,.. ____ 
32450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 7,910,694 7,921,344 
32600 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT ............................. . -21,921 
............... --... .., ..... ........ _ ....... ______ 
33000 TOTAL. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, ARHV .............. . 7,910,694 7,899,423 ------------ ============= ------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1675 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 449 here eh08mr17.024rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request 
SCHOOL TRAINING 
Unjustified increase 
SPECIAL TRAINING 
Program increase -State Partnership Program 
Cyber protection teams 
Operation Phalanx 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances 
Program increase -trauma training Increase 
in Army National Guard end strength/pay raise 546,563 
570,009 Final Bill 
536,563 
-10,000 
590,659 
3,750 
6,900 10,000 
-21,921 
-120,000 
1,579 
96,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1676 March 8, 2017 
NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1677 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 451 here eh08mr17.025rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
34000 NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
34050 ACTIVITY 1 : RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
34100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48) ...... . 
34150 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ..................... . 
34200 PAY GROUP P TRAINING (PIPELINE RECRUITS) ............ . 34250 
SCHOOL TRAINING ...................................... . 
34300 SPECIAL TRAINING ..................................... . 34350 
ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ........................... . 
34400 EDUCATION BENEFITS ................................... . 34450 
TOTAL. BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 
34 700 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
35000 TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE ......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
934,650 131,022 10,555 349,904 
167,077 
1 '678' 355 
8,502 
-.. -......... -...... -
3,280,065 
3,280,065 FINAL 
BILL 
934,650 131,022 
10,555 
349,904 
169,027 
1,678,355 
8,502 
... -.. -..... 
3,282,015 
1 '967 
3,283,982 
============ ==========~= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1678 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 452 here eh08mr17.026rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
Budget Request 
SPECIAL TRAINING 
Program increase -State Partnership Program 
UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 
Unobligated/Unexpended balances Program increase 
-trauma training Air National Guard pay raise 167,077 Final Bill 
169,027 
1,950 
1,967 
-8,000 
1,367 
8,600 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1679 March 8, 2017 
TITLE II—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE The agreement provides $167,603,260,000 in Title II, Operation and Maintenance. The agreement on items addressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1680 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 454 eh08mr17.027rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
RECAPITULATION BUDGET 
REQUEST FINAL 
BILL 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33,809,040 32,738,173 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ......................... 39,483,581 38,552,017 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ................. 5,954,258 5,676,152 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE .................... 37,518,056 36,247,724 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE -WIDE...... . . . . . . . . . . . 32,571,590 32,373,949 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE................. 2,712,331 2,743,688 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 927,656 929,656 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE. MARINE CORPS RESERVE......... 270,633 271,133 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE............ 3,067,929 3,069,229 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD ......... , 6,825,370 6,861,478 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD........... 6,703,578 6,615,095 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES... 14,194 14,194 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION. ARMY... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 170,167 170,167 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 281 , 762 289, 262 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE.................. 371,521 371,521 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE-WIDE............... 9,009 9,009 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES 197,084 222,084 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID........ 105,125 123,125 
COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 325,604 325,604 
============ ------------------------
GRAND TOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........ , ... 171, 318, 488 167,603,260 
=======::::.::::;;== ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1681 March 8, 2017 
REPROGRAMMING GUIDANCE FOR OPERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to submit the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414) for each of the fiscal year 2017 ap-propriation accounts not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The Sec-retary of Defense is prohibited from exe-cuting any reprogramming or transfer of funds for any purpose other than originally appropriated until the aforementioned re-port is submitted to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees. The Secretary of Defense is directed to use the normal prior approval reprogramming procedures to transfer funds in the Services’ operation and maintenance accounts be-tween O–1 budget activities in excess of $15,000,000. In addition, the Secretary of De-fense should follow prior approval re-programming procedures for transfers in ex-cess of $15,000,000 out of the following budget sub-activities: Army: Maneuver units Modular support brigades Land forces operations support Force readiness operations support Land forces depot maintenance Base operations support Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Navy: Mission and other flight operations Aircraft depot maintenance Mission and other ship operations Ship depot maintenance Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Marine Corps: Depot maintenance Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Air Force: Primary combat forces Combat enhancement forces Operating forces depot maintenance Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Mobilization depot maintenance Training and recruiting depot maintenance Administration and service-wide depot maintenance Air Force Reserve: Depot maintenance Air National Guard: Depot maintenance Additionally, the Secretary of Defense should follow prior approval reprogramming procedures for transfers in excess of $15,000,000 into the following budget sub-ac-tivity: Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard: Other personnel support/recruiting and ad-vertising With respect to Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide, proposed transfers of funds to or from the levels specified for de-fense agencies in excess of $15,000,000 shall be subject to prior approval reprogramming procedures. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE SPECIAL  
INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided or have been specifically reduced as shown in the project level tables or in para-graphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are con-gressional special interest items for the pur-pose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be car-ried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the ex-planatory statement. Below Threshold Reprogrammings may not be used to either restore or reduce funding from congressional special interest items as identified on the DD Form 1414. 
READINESS  The agreement provides additional readi-ness funds for the Services within the oper-ation and maintenance accounts. This fund-ing shall be used only to improve military readiness, including increased training, depot maintenance, and base operations sup-port. None of the funding provided may be used for recruiting, marketing, or adver-tising programs. The funding provided is a congressional special interest item. The Sec-retary of Defense and the Service Secretaries are directed to submit a detailed spending plan by sub-activity group to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees not less than 30 days prior to the obligation of these funds. These transfers may be implemented 30 days after congressional notification un-less an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees. 
ENERGY INDEPENDENCE AND SECURITY ACT  The agreement does not include a provi-sion included in the House-passed version of H.R. 5293 that referenced the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007. It is noted that the enforcement of section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 may lead to higher fuel costs for federal fleets in the absence of competitively priced new generation fuels that emit fewer emis-sions. In carrying out this statute, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Service Secretaries should work to ensure that costs associated with fuel purchases necessary to carry out their respective missions should be mini-mized to the greatest extent possible. CIVILIAN PAY RAISE  Although the agreement does not include additional funds specifically for the civilian pay increase from 1.6 percent to 2.1 percent, sufficient funding is available within the ap-propriations accounts to fully fund the in-crease due to assets created by the civilian hiring freeze and the extended length of H.R. 2028, theFurther Continuing and Security As-sistance Appropriations Act, 2017. 
AQUEOUS FILM FORMING FOAM  The use of the fire-extinguishing agent Aqueous Film Forming Foam (AFFF) by the Department of Defense has been linked to elevated levels of perfluorinated chemicals (PFCs) on military bases and in neighboring communities. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Na-tional Institutes of Health, PFCs have ad-verse impacts on human health. The Navy and Air Force have begun remediation of PFC contamination. The Secretary of De-fense is encouraged to require all Services to establish procedures for prompt and cost-ef-fective remediation. In addition, the Sec-retary of Defense is directed to submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees not later than 120 days after the enact-ment of this Act that assesses the number of formerly used and current military installa-tions where AFFF was or is currently used and the impact of PFC contaminated drink-ing water on surrounding communities. The report should also include plans for prompt community notification of such contamina-tion, when the contamination was detected, and the procedures for timely remediation. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1682 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 460 eh08mr17.028rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. ARMY 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1: OPERATING FORCES 
LAND FORCES 
10 MANEUVER UNITS ....................................... . 
20 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ............................. . 
30 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADES .............................. . 
40 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ................................. . 
50 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ....................... . 
60 AVIATION ASSETS ...................................... . 
LAND FORCES READINESS BUDGET 
REQUEST 
791,450 
68,373 438,823 
660,258 
863,928 
1 1 360 1 597 
70 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT.................... 3,086,443 
80 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS......................... 439,488 
90 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE......................... 1,013,452 
LAND FORCES READINESS SUPPORT 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................... 7,816,343 
11 0 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, & MODERNIZATION .. 2,234,546 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............... 452,105 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDER'S CORE OPERATIONS ................. 155.658 
170 COMBATANT C0~1MANDERS ANCILLARY MISSIONS ............... 441 '143 FINAL 
BILL 
561,026 68,373 436,313 
650,258 
863,928 1,357,686 2,537,011 439,488 376,128 7,816,343 2,259.546 441,256 
155,658 
441,143 
TOTAL' BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ...... ' .............. ' . ' ... ' 19 '822' 607 18' 404 I 157 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 2: MOBILIZATION 
MOBILITY OPERATIONS 
180 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ................................... . 336,329 336,329 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS ............................ . 390,848 415,848 
200 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .............................. . 7' 401 7,401 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2 .......... , ................ . 734,578 759,578 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1683 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 461 eh08mr17.029rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 3: TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
ACCESSION TRAINING 
210 OFFICER ACQUISITION .................................. . 
220 RECRUIT TRAINING ..................................... . 
230 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING ............................ . 
240 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............... . 
BASIC SKILL AND ADVANCED TRAINING 
250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ........................... . 
260 FLIGHT TRAINING ...................................... . 
270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ................... . 
280 TRAINING SUPPORT ..................................... . 
RECRUITING AND OTHER TRAINING AND EDUCATION 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ........................... . 
300 EXAMINING ............................................ . 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ..................... . 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ...................... . 
330 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............... . 
TOTAL. BUDGET ACTIVITY 3 ........................... . 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ............................ 
360 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES ......................... , ... 
370 LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES .......................... 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ................................. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
131.942 
47,846 
45,419 
482,747 
921,025 
902,845 
216,583 
607,534 
550,599 
187.263 189,556 
182.835 171,167 
4,637,361 
230,739 
850,060 
778' 757 
370,010 FINAL 
BILL 
131,942 
47,846 45,419 
482,747 
927,525 902,845 
214,583 
593,534 535,599 
187,263 189,556 182,835 176,667 
4,618,361 
230,739 
850,060 
743,757 
370.010 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1684 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 462 eh08mr17.030rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
SERVICEWIDE SUPPORT 
390 ADMINISTRATION ....................... . 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................... . 
41 0 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT .................................. . 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .............................. . 
430 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ................................ . 
440 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ............................... . 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ............................... . 
460 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................. . 
SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS 
4 70 SUPPORT OF NATO OPERATIONS ........................... . 
480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ....................... . 
OTHER PROGRAMS 
OTHER PROGRAMS ....................................... . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
451 '556 
1 '888' 123 
276,403 
369,443 
1,096,074 
207,800 
240,641 
250,612 
416,587 
36,666 
1,151,023 
8,614,494 FINAL 
BILL 
451 '556 
1,896,523 
276,403 
369,443 
1 '096' 07 4 
207,800 
240,641 
250,612 
416,587 
36.666 
1,120,423 
8,557,294 
EXCESS WORKING CAPITAL FUND CARRYOVER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -150,000 
OVERESTIMATION OF CIVILIAN FTE TARGETS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -60,000 
RESTORE READINESS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 285,000 
PROGRAMMED SAVINGS UNACCOUNTED FOR. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -15. 000 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN ARMY END STRENGTH. 337,000 
LONG TERM TOY WAIVERS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 , 783 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY... . . . . . . . . . . . 33,809.040 32,738,173 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1685 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 463 eh08mr17.031rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 
111 MANEUVER UNITS 
Unjustified growth 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 
113 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE Unjustified program growth 114 THEATER LEVEL 
ASSETS 
Unjustified growth 116 
AVIATION ASSETS 
Unjustified program growth 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Travel-unjustified program growth 
Program decrease not properly acounted for 
Program increase -trauma training 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 
123 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
Program increase 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 
132 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION Program 
increase 133 MANAGEMENT AND 
OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS Unjustified program growth 212 
ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS Program 
increase 
321 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING Program 
increase -language capabilities 
323 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 
Unjustified program growth 324 
TRAINING SUPPORT 
Unjustified growth 
331 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 
Unjustified program growth 335 
JUNIOR ROTC Program 
increase 
411 SECURITY PROGRAMS 
C!as§>ified adjustment 
OPM rates unjustified growth 423 
LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES Program 
decrease not properly accounted for Budget Request 
791,450 438,823 
660,258 
1,360,597 3,086,443 
1,013,452 2,234,546 452,105 390,848 921,025 216,583 607,534 550,599 171,167 1,151,023 778,757 Final Bill 
561,026 
-5,424 -225,000 
436,313 
-2,510 650,258 -10,000 
1,357,686 -2,911 2,537,011 -6,592 
-43,000 160 -500,000 
376,128 
5,000 
-642,324 2,259,546 
25,000 
441,256 
-10,849 
415,848 
25,000 
927,525 
6,500 
214,583 
-2,000 
593,534 
-14,000 
535,599 
-15,000 
176,667 
5,500 
1,120,423 
-6,600 -24,000 
743,757 
-35,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1686 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 464 eh08mr17.032rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 
432 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS Program 
increase -Biometrics Identity Management Activity 435 
OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT 
Remove one-time fiscal year 2016 funding increase Army support to Capitol 4th LONG-TERM TEMPORARY DUTY 
WAIVERS OVERESTIMATION OF CIVILIAN 
FTE TARGETS 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND CARRYOVER 
PROGRAMMED SAVINGS NOT PROPERLY ACCOUNTED FOR RESTORE READINESS OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN 
ARMY END STRENGTH Budget Request 
1,888,123 
1,096,074 Final Bill 
1,896,523 
8,400 1,096,074 -5,500 5,500 
1,783 
-60,000 -150,000 -15,000 285,000 337,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1687 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1688 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 466 eh08mr17.033rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. NAVY 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1: OPERATING FORCES 
AIR OPERATIONS 
10 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS .................. . 4,094,765 3,674,765 
20 FLEET AIR TRAINING ................................... . 1 '722, 473 1,703,873 
30 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA AND ENGINEERING SERVICES ..... . 52,670 52,670 
40 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .................... . 97,584 97,584 
50 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT .................................. . 446,733 449,233 
60 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......... , ............... ,. 1,007,681 990' 681 
70 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................... . 38,248 38,248 
80 AVIATION LOGISTICS ................................... . 564,720 582,220 
SHIP OPERATIONS 
90 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS..................... 3,513,083 3,088,083 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT AND TRAINING.................. 743,765 743,765 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE................................ 5,168.273 4,790,873 
120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT......................... 1,575,578 1.652,338 
COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS/SUPPORT 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 558.727 558,727 
140 ELECTRONIC WARFARE........ . . . . . . . ... .. .. . . . . . . . .. . . 105,680 105,680 
150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE........................ 180,406 180,406 
160 WARFARE TACTICS....................................... 470,032 470,032 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY.............. 346,703 351,703 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES................................. 1,158,688 1 1 154 1 688 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 113, 692 113,692 
200 DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT.............................. 2,509 2,509 
210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS.................. 91,019 91,019 
220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT........... 74,780 74,780 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1689 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 467 eh08mr17.034rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE230 
240 
250 
260 270 280 290 
300 
310 
320 
320 
330 
340 
360 
370 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS} 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
WEAPONS SUPPORT 
CRUISE MISSILE........................................ 106,030 
FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE............................... 1,233,805 
IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT.................... 163,025 
WEAPONS MAINTENANCE................................... 553,269 
OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT 350,010 
BASE SUPPORT 
ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .................... , 790,685 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION . . 1,642,742 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT................................ 4,206,136 106,030 1,239,891 
163,025 
553,269 
350,010 790,685 
1,667,742 4,176,136 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ............................ 31,173,511 30,014,357 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 2: MOBILIZATION 
READY RESERVE AND PREPOSITIONING FORCES 
SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE ........................ . 
READY RESERVE FORCE .................................. . 
ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS 
AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ................... . 
SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ....................... . 
MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS 
FLEET HOSPITAL PROGRAM ............................... . 
INDUSTRIAL READINESS ................................. . 
COAST GUARD SUPPORT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................ . 893,517 274,524 
6,727 
288' 154 
95,720 
2,109 
21 '114 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2. ..... .. ... .. . .... .. . ... . .. . 1,581,865 893,517 
274,524 
6, 727 
234,154 
95,720 
2,109 
21 . 114 
1,527,865 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1690 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 468 eh08mr17.035rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 3: TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
ACCESSION TRAINING 
380 OFFICER ACQUISITION ............................. . 143,815 143,815 
390 RECRUIT TRAINING. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... 8,519 8,519 
400 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ...................... . 143,445 143,445 
BASIC SKILLS AND ADVANCED TRAINING 
410 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ........................... . 699,214 699' 214 
420 FLIGHT TRAINING..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 5,310 5,310 
430 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ................. . 172' 852 172' 852 
440 TRAINING SUPPORT .................................... . 222' 728 222,728 
RECRUITING, AND OTHER TRAINING AND EDUCATION 
450 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ........................... . 225,647 225,639 
460 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ................... . 130,569 130,569 
470 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ..................... . 73,730 73,730 
480 JUNIOR ROTC .......................................... . 50,400 50,400 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 3 ...................... , . . . . . 1, 876, 229 1,876,221 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4· ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
SERVICEWIDE SUPPORT 
490 ADMINISTRATION ...................................... . 917,453 893,453 
500 EXTERNAL RELATIONS............................... . . 14,570 14,570 
510 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT .... , .. , .... 124,070 124,070 
520 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ........... . 369,767 365,767 
OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT ........................... . 285, 285,927 
540 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ...... , ............... , .... . 319,908 319,908 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1691 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 469 eh08mr17.036rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
LOGISTICS OPERATIONS AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
570 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION.. . ....................... . 
590 PLANNING, ENGINEERING AND DESIGN ..................... . 
600 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT .................. . 
610 HULL, MECHANICAL ANO ELECTRICAL SUPPORT .............. . 
620 COMBAT /WEAPONS SYSTEMS ............................... . 
630 SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS ................. . 
SECURITY PROGRAMS 
640 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE .... 
SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS 
700 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND AGENCIES .............. . 
OTHER PROGRAMS 
OTHER PROGRAMS ............... . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . 
RESTORE READINESS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
171 . 659 
270,863 
1 . 112' 766 
49,078 
24,989 
72,966 
595,711 
4,809 
517' 440 
4,851,976 FINAL 
BILL 
171,659 
270,863 
1 o 1121 766 
49,078 
24,989 
72,966 
595,711 
4,809 
511,840 
4,818,376 
280,000 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN NAVY END STRENGTH. 33,800 
LONG TERM TOY WAIVERS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 . 398 
------------ ------------ ------------------------TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY.............. 39,483,581 38,552,017 ------------ ------------------------ ------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1692 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 470 eh08mr17.037rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 
1A1A MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS 
Unjustified growth 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 
1A2A FLEET AIR TRAINING 
Unjustified growth 1A4N 
AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT 
Program increase - MV-228 readiness Program increase 
-H-1 readiness Unjustified growth 
1A5A AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
Remove one-time fiscal year 2016 costs 
1A9A AVIATION LOGISTICS 
Program increase -MV-228 readiness Program increase 
KC-130J readiness 
1 B1 B MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS OCO/GWOT 
operations -transfer to title IX 
1 B4B SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
Program increase Program increase Cruiser modernization 
-transfer from SMOSF OCO/GWOT 
operations -transfer to title IX 
1 B5B SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Unjustified program growth Program increase Cruiser modernization 
-transfer from SMOSF 
1C5C OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY 
Program increase 1C6C 
COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES 
Reduce duplication 
1D2D FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE 
Program increase 
BSM1 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
Program increase 
BSS1 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 
Excess to requirement Remove 
one-time 
fiscal year 2016 costs 2B2G 
SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS 
Navy-identified asset for inactivation costs for the CVN 65 due to change in acquisition strategy Budget Request 
4,094,765 1,722,473 446,733 
1,007,681 
564,720 3,513,083 5,168,273 1,575,578 346,703 1,158,688 1,233,805 1,642,742 4,206,136 288,154 Final Bill 
3,674,765 
-20,000 -400,000 
1,703,873 
-18,600 
449,233 
1,200 5,300 -4,000 
990,681 
-17,000 
582,220 
10,700 6,800 
3,088,083 
-425,000 
4,790,873 
5,000 9,500 8,100 -400,000 
1,652,338 
-2,500 2,500 76,760 
351,703 
5,000 
1,154,688 
-4,000 
1,239,891 
6,086 
1,667,742 
25,000 
4,176,136 
-15,000 -15,000 
234,154 
-54,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1693 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 471 eh08mr17.038rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 
3C1 L RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 
Unjustified program growth 
Naval Sea Cadet Corps 
4A 1M ADMINISTRATION 
Unjustified growth 4A4M 
MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT Excess to need 9999 OTHER 
PROGRAMS Classified 
adjustment LONG-TERM TEMPORARY 
DUTY 
WAIVERS RESTORE READINESS OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN 
NAVY END STRENGTH Budget Request Final Bill 
225,647 225,639 
-1,230 
1,222 917,453 893,453 
-24,000 
369,767 365,767 
-4,000 517,440 511,840 -5,600 
1,398 
280,000 33,800 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1694 March 8, 2017 
READINESS COST ASSESSMENT TOOL  The recently published Naval Aviation Vi-sion 2016–2025 offered strong support for the Readiness Cost Assessment Tool, which is the first phase of the Proficiency Optimiza-tion initiative. In lieu of the reporting re-quirement in House Report 114–577, the Sec-retary of the Navy is directed to submit a re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees not later than 60 days after the enact-ment of this Act that describes the Naval Aviation Enterprise Proficiency Optimiza-tion initiative, the current funding profile, and the potential to accelerate or streamline the program strategy. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1695 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 474 eh08mr17.039rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1. OPERATING FORCES 
EXPEDITIONARY FORCES 
10 OPERATIONAL FORCES ................................ . 674,613 519,613 
20 FIELD LOGISTICS ...................................... . 947,424 954,624 
30 DEPOT MAINTENANCE............... . . . . . .............. . 206,783 208,783 
USMC ?REPOSITIONING 
40 MARITIME ?REPOSITIONING ............................. . 85,276 85,276 
50 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 632,673 640,424 
60 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ............................... . 2,136,626 1,933,626 
-----................. _ .. .,._.., _______ 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ....................... . 4,683,395 4,342,346 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 3: TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
ACCESSION TRAINING 
70 RECRUIT TRAINING .................................... . 15,946 15.946 
80 OFFICER ACQUISITION .................................. . 935 935 
BASIC SKILLS AND ADVANCED TRAINING 
90 SPECIALIZED SKILLS TRAINING .......................... . 99,305 99,305 
100 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ................ . 45, 45,495 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT .................................... . 369,979 369,979 
RECRUITING AND OTHER TRAINING EDUCATION 
i 20 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ........................... . 165,566 165,566 
130 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ..................... . 35' 133 35 1 133 
140 JUNIOR 23,622 23,622 
_.,.. ____ .... '*" 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 3 .................. . 755,981 755,981 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1696 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 475 eh08mr17.040rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIOE ACTIVITIES 
SERVICEWIDE SUPPORT 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ........................... . 34,534 34,534 
160 ADMINISTRATION ....................................... . 355,932 341,932 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ................... . 76,896 76,896 
SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SECURITY PROGRAMS .................................... . 47,520 47,520 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 514,882 500,882 
OVERESTIMATION OF CIVILIAN FTE TARGETS ............... . -35,000 
RESTORE READINESS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................. . 59,000 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN MARINE CORPS END 
STRENGTH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................. , 52,600 
LONG TERM TOY WAIVERS ................................ . 343 
------------------------:.:::::::-::::::-======== 
TOTAL. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS...... 5,954,258 5,676,'152 ------------------------:::;;:::::::::=::===== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1697 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 476 eh08mr17.041rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 
1A1A OPERATIONAL FORCES 
Program decrease not properly accounted Program increase 
-enhanced combat helmets Program increase -corrosion control 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 
1A2A FIELD LOGISTICS 
Program increase -rifle sights Unjustified growth 
1A3A DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
Program increase corrosion control 
BSM1 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
Program increase 
BSS1 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 
Unjustified program growth 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 
4A4G ADMINISTRATION 
Program decrease not properly accounted 
LONG-TERM TEMPORARY DUTY WAIVERS 
OVERESTIMATION OF CIVILIAN FTE TARGETS 
RESTORE READINESS 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN MARINE CORPS 
END STRENGTH Budget Request 
674,613 
947,424 
206,783 
632,673 2,136,626 355,932 Final Bill 
519,613 
-7,000 22,000 5,000 -175,000 
954,624 
13,200 -6,000 208,783 2,000 640,424 
7,751 1,933,626 
-3,000 -200,000 
341,932 
-14,000 
343 
-35,000 59,000 52,600 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1698 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1699 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 478 eh08mr17.042rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 : OPERATING FORCES 
AIR OPERATIONS 
10 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................... . 3,294,124 2,871,874 
20 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES ............................ . 1,682,045 1,650,045 
30 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING .............................. . 1,730,757 1,730,757 
40 DEPOT MAINTENANCE. 7,042,988 6,957,988 
50 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 1,657,019 1,682,019 
60 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ............................... . 2,787,216 2,785,216 
COMBAT RELATED OPERATIONS 
70 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ....... . 887,831 890,831 
80 OTHER COMBAT OPERATIONS SUPPORT PROGRAMS ....... . 1,070,178 1,070,678 
SPACE OPERATIONS 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 208,582 208,582 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ............. . 362,250 362,250 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .......... . 907,245 907,245 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS. 199,171 199.171 
OPERATING FORCES 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 930,757 932,850 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1. 22,760,163 22,249,506 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1700 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 479 eh08mr17.043rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE{IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 2: MOBILIZATION 
MOBILITY OPERATIONS 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ............. . 150 
MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .......................... . 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 
170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
180 BASE SUPPORT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
190 
200 
210 
220 
230 
240 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2 ...... , .................... . 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 3: TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
ACCESSION TRAINING 
OFFICER ACQUISITION ............................ . 
RECRUIT TRAINING.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................ . 
RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS {ROTC).... . . . . . . . , .... 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 
BASE SUPPORT {ACADEMIES ONLY) ....................... ,. 
BASIC SKILLS AND ADVANCED TRAINING 
SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING .................. . 
250 FLIGHT TRAINING ..................................... . 
260 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ................. . 
270 TRAINING SUPPORT. . . . . . . ............................ . 
280 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................ . 
RECRUITING, AND OTHER TRAINING AND EDUCATION 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING. . . . . . . . . ................ , . 
300 EXAMINING .. , ......... , ............ . 
310 OFF DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ..................... . 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING..... . . . . . . . . ....... . 
330 JUNIOR ROTC ........................ . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 3. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............ . BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
1 ,703' 059 1,273,059 138,899 
138,899 1,553,439 
1 . 139' 439 
258,328 262,328 722,756 722,756 
----------- .. ... .,. .. ..,_ .. _.,.,. ___ 
4,376,481 3,536,481 120,886 
115,886 23,782 23,782 77,692 77' 
692 
236,254 240,454 
819,915 831.615 387,446 395,246 725' 
134 725' 134 
264,213 262,213 86,681 86,681 
305,004 305,004 104,754 104,754 
3,944 3,944 184,841 
184,841 
173,583 171. 883 
58' 877 58' 877 
..... " .... ,.. .. --...... -.. ,.. .. -.. --.. -----
3,573,006 3,588,006 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1701 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 480 eh08mr17.044rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE340 
350 360 
370 
380 
390 
400 
410 
420 
450 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 
LOGISTICS OPERATIONS.................................. 1,107,846 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ..................... ,.... 924,185 
DEPOT MAINTENANCE................. . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48,778 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION . . 321,013 
BASE SUPPORT. . . . . ................................... . 1,115,910 
SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
ADMINISTRATION ........................... . 811,650 
SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................... . 269,809 
OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVIT! 961,304 
CIVIL AIR PATROL CORPORATION ......................... . 25, 
SUPPORT TO OTHER NATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ................................ . 90,573 
SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SECURITY PROGRAMS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 , 131 , 603 
TOTAL. BUDGET ACTIVITY 4................. .. . . . .. . . . . 6,808,406 
OVERESTIMATION OF CIVILIAN FTE TARGETS .............. . 
RESTORE READINESS .................................... . 
UNJUSTIFIED GROWTH .................................. . 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN AIR FORCE END 
STRENGTH. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... . 
LONG TERM TDY WAIVERS ................................ . 
------------------------1,087,846 
912,185 
48! 778 
321 '013 
1 '115. 91 0 
811,650 
269,809 
956,304 
28,000 
90.573 
1 '123! 403 
6,765,471 
-40,000 
124,000 
-57,000 
79,900 
1 '360 
====.:::======= 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ........ 37,518,056 36,247,724 
-----------~ ---------~----------~--- ------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1702 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 481 eh08mr17.045rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 0-1 
011A PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES 
Unjustified program growth 
Program increase -Air Force RCS turntable modification 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 
011C COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES 
Unjustified program growth Classified program transfer 
011 M DEPOT MAINTENANCE Unjustified program growth 
011R FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION Program 
increase 
011Z BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 
Unjustified program growth 
012A GLOBAL C31 AND EARLY WARNING 
Removal of one-time fiscal year 2016 costs 
Program increase -Global C31 and early warning 
012C OTHER COMBAT OPS SUPPORT PROGRAMS 
Unjustified progam growth 
Program increase -Eagle Vision 012F CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
Classified adjustment 
021 A AIRLIFT OPERATIONS Program 
decrease not properly accounted 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 021M DEPOT 
MAINTENANCE Removal 
of one-time fiscal year 2016 costs 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer to title IX 021R FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION 
& MODERNIZATION Program 
increase 
031A OFFICER ACQUISITION 
Unjustified program growth 
031R FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION Program 
increase -cybersecurity training 
031Z BASE SUPPORT Program 
increase -cybersecurity training 
032A SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING Program 
increase- cybersecurity training 
032C PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 
Unjustified program growth Budget Request 
3,294,124 
1,682,045 
7,042,988 
1,657,019 2,787,216 887,831 
1,070,178 930,757 1,703,059 
1,553,439 258,328 
120,886 
236,254 819,915 387,446 264,213 Final Bill 
2,871,874 
-4,250 7,000 -425,000 1,650,045 -17,000 -15,000 
6,957,988 
-85,000 1,682,019 25,000 
2,785,216 
-2,000 890,831 -7,000 10,000 1,070,678 -10,000 10,500 932,850 2,093 
1,273,059 
-30,000 -400,000 
1,139,439 
-14,000 -400,000 
262,328 
4,000 
115,886 
-5,000 240,454 4,200 
831,615 
11,700 
395,246 
7,800 
262,213 
-2,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1703 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 482 eh08mr17.046rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 
033D CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING 
Unjustified program growth 
041A LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 
Unjustified growth 
041 B TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES 
Program transfer not properly accounted 
042G OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
Price growth requested as program growth 
0421 CIVIL AIR PATROL 
Program increase 
043A SECURITY PROGRAMS Classified 
adjustment 
LONG-TERM TEMPORARY DUTY WAIVERS OVERESTIMATION OF CIVILIAN 
FTE TARGETS UNJUSTIFIED 
GROWTH 
RESTORE READINESS OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN AIR FORCE 
END 
STRENGTH Budget Request Final Bill 
173,583 171,883 
-1,700 
1,107,846 1,087,846 
-20,000 
924,185 912,185 
-12,000 961,304 956,304 -5,000 
25,735 28,000 
2,265 1,131,603 1,123,403 
-8,200 1,360 -40,000 -57,000 124,000 79,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1704 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1705 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 484 eh08mr17.047rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 : OPERATING FORCES 
10 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF................................. 506,113 
20 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .......... ,......... 524,439 
30 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND............................ 4,898,159 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1............................ 5,928,711 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 3: TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
40 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ....................... . 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RECRUITING, AND OTHER TRAINING 
50 AND EDUCATION ...................................... . 
70 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND ........................... . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 3 ........................... . 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
80 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .............................. . 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY ........................ . 
110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ................... . 
120 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ..................... . 
130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ................... . 
150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY ........................ . 
160 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ............................. . 
170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY .................. , ............ . 
180 DEFENSE POW /HISSING PERSONS OFFICE .................. . 
170 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY .................. . 
180 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ............................. . 
200 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY AGENCY ........... ,, ...... . 
210 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ...................... . 
230 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ... ,., ..... ,,. 138,658 
85,701 
365,349 
589,708 
160,480 
630,925 
1,356,380 
683,620 
1,439,891 
24,984 
357,964 
223,422 
112,681 
496,754 
538,711 
35,417 
448,146 
2,671,143 504,113 
524,439 
4,814.759 
5,843,311 
138,658 
85,701 
361,349 
585,708 
205,819 
623,925 
1,346,380 
718,620 
1,427,591 
24,984 
352,664 
224,122 
112,681 
495,504 
535,711 
35,417 
444,346 
2,618,143 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1706 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 485 eh08mr17.048rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
240 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ............................... . 446,975 440' 725 
260 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT ........................ . 1 55' 399 1 36' 199 
270 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ................... . 1,481,643 1,478,205 
280 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND ........................... . 89,429 88,929 
290 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ..................... . 629,874 625,874 
OTHER PROGRAMS .................. , . , .... , ........ , .... . 14,069,333 13,973,975 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26,053, 171 25,909, 814 
IMPACT AID..... . . . .................................. . 30,000 
IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH DISABILITIES ............ . 5,000 
LONG-TERM TEMP DUTY WAIVERS .......................... . 116 
------------------------ ============= 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ...... 32,571,590 32,373,949 ------------------------ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1707 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 486 eh08mr17.049rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 
1 PL 1 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF Support 
to info ops capabilities -unjustified growth 
1PL2 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND 
Overestimation of civilian FTE targets Contract support -unjustified growth Base support -unjustified growth Combat development activities -unjustified growth for equipment purchases Flight operations -unjustified growth for flight operations 
Intelligence -unjustified growth Maintenance -unjustified growth 
Other operations -unjustified growth Program decrease Operational support -program decrease not properly accounted Management 
headquarters -unjustified growth 3EV7 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND I TRAINING AND 
RECRUITING 
Specialized skill training -unjustified growth 4GT3 
CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS 
Program increase- National Guard Youth Challenge 
Program increase- STARBASE 
Program increase -innovative readiness training 4GT6 
DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY 
Reduce planned growth 
4GTC DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY 
Unjustified growth 
and removal 
of one-time fiscal year 
2016 costs 4GT8 
DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES AGENCY 
Enterprise Human Resources Information System -unjustified growth Defense Travel Management 
Office -unjustified growth Program increase 
-Joint Advertising, Market Research, and 
Studies 
Program increase -Special Victims' Counsel Program 
increase- Beyond Yellow Ribbon 4GT9 
DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY 
Program increase -secure communications Remove one-time fiscal year 
2016 costs Unjustified growth 4GTE 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY 
Program increase- Procurement Techincal Assistance Program Enterprise Business 
Systems -unjustified growth Remove one-time fiscal year 
2016 congressional increase Budget Request 
506,113 
4,898,159 
365,349 
160,480 
630,925 1,356,380 683,620 
1,439,891 
357,964 Final Bill 
504,113 -2,000 
4,814,759 
-15,000 -6,000 -8,000 -3,000 -12,000 -5,600 -15,000 -1,300 -4,500 -5,000 -8,000 
361,349 
-4,000 205,819 10,339 30,000 5,000 
623,925 
-7,000 1,346,380 -10,000 718,620 -4,000 -7,000 1,000 25,000 20,000 
1,427,591 
5,000 -7,300 -10,000 
352,664 
11,700 -6,000 -11,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1708 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 487 eh08mr17.050rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 
ES18 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY 
Imagery services -unjustified growth Remove one-time fiscal year 
2016 costs 
Program increase - IP streaming upgrades 
4GT[ DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY 
Administration expenses -unjustified growth 
Fellowship programs- unjustified growth 
4GTE DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE 
Overestimation of civilian FTE targets 
4GTI DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
CWMD sustainment -unjustified growth 
4GT J DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY 
Overestimation of civilian FTE targets Unjustified program growth Remove one-time fiscal year 
2016 costs 
Program increase -youth serving organizations Armed Forces Retirement Home addressed 
in the Military Construction, 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act 
011A MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
THAAD sustainment early to need 
4GTI\ OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT 
Authorization adjustment -public health laboratory funding ahead of 
need 
4GTI'. OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 
Overestimation of civilian FTE targets 
OSD policy rewards program -unjustified growth 
OSD Strategy Development unjustified growth BRAG 
2016 round planning and analyses- program decrease 
Program increase -Readiness and Environmental Protection 
Initiative 
CWMD- program decrease 
Program decrease not properly accounted 
OUSD (AT&L) -unjustified growth 
Program increase - Operation Live Well Program 
increase -fresh fruit and vegetable prescription plan Program 
increase -Women in Military Service Memorial 
Program increase -information assurance scholarship program 
4GT1 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND 
Acquisition/program management -unjustified growth 
4GTC WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES 
Unjustified growth 
999 OTHER PROGRAMS 
Classified adjustment 
IMPACT AID IMPACT AID 
for children with disabilities 
LONG-TERM TEMPORARY DUTY WAIVERS Budget Request 223,422 
496,754 538,711 448,146 2,671,143 
446,975 155,399 1,481,643 
89,429 629,874 14,069,333 Final Bill 
224,122 
-3,000 -1,300 5,000 
495,504 
-250 -1,000 
535,711 
-3,000 
444,346 
-3,800 
2,618,143 
-30,000 -3,000 -3,000 5,000 -22,000 
440,725 
-6,250 
136,199 
-19,200 
1,478,205 
-14,000 -1,000 -820 -3,500 14,980 
-4,498 
-7,000 -2,600 3,000 2,000 5,000 5,000 
88,929 
-500 
625,874 
-4,000 
13,973,975 
-95,358 
30,000 5,000 
116 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1709 March 8, 2017 
BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION SYSTEMS  The agreement fully funds the budget re-quest for the Department of Defense to de-velop, replace, and sustain federal govern-ment security and suitability background in-vestigation technology systems. In lieu of the language included under this heading in House Report 114–577, the Director of the De-fense Information Systems Agency is di-rected to submit a progress report to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, and semiannually thereafter, that includes the information technology development and implementation plan, associated timeline with milestones, costs for each phase of im-plementation, anticipated outyear costs, personnel structure, and any other signifi-cant issues related to the establishment and sustainment of a new federal government background information technology system housed within the Department of Defense. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1710 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 490 eh08mr17.051rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1: OPERATING FORCES 
LAND FORCES 
20 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ............................. . 
30 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADES .............................. . 
40 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ................................. . 
50 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
60 AVIATION ASSETS ...................................... . 
LAND FORCES READINESS 
70 FORCES READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ...... . 
80 LAND FORCES SYSTEM READINESS ......................... . 
90 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ...... . 
LAND FORCES READINESS SUPPORT 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................. . 
11 0 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS HEADQUARTERS. . . . . ......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
11 . 4 35 
491 '772 
116,163 563,524 91,162 347,459 
101,926 
56,219 573,843 214,955 
37,620 FINAL 
BILL 
11,435 
491 '772 
116,163 
563,524 
91 '162 344,659 
101,926 
56,219 
566,043 
223,912 
37,620 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1............................ 2,606,078 2,604,435 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ........................... . 11 '027 11 . 027 
140 ADMINISTRATION ...................................... . 16,749 16,749 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................... . 17.825 17,825 
160 PERSONNEL/FINANCIAL ADMINISTRATION .................. . 6' 177 6' 177 
170 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ......................... . 54,475 53,475 
~--~-----~~w 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4. . . . . ............... . 106,253 105,253 
RESTORE READINESS ............................. . 12,000 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN ARMY RESERVE END 
STRENGTH . . . . . . . . .................................. . 22,000 
====~~=====~ ============ 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE ..... . 2.712,331 2, 743,688 
;====~=:==== ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1711 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 491 eh08mr17.052rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 Budget Request 
121 FORCES READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Unjustified program growth Program increase 
-language capabilities 131 
BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Program decrease not properly accounted 
132 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
Program increase 
434 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 
Unjustified program growth 
RESTORE READINESS 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN ARMY RESERVE 
END STRENGTH 347,459 573,843 214,955 54,475 Final Bill 
344,659 
-3,000 200 566,043 -7,800 
223,912 8,957 53,475 
-1,000 12,000 22,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1712 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1713 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 493 eh08mr17.053rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1: OPERATING FORCES 
RESERVE AIR OPERATIONS 
10 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS .................. . 526,190 523,690 
20 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ............................ . 6,714 6,714 
40 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ........................... . 86,209 86,209 
50 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................... . 389 389 
60 AVIATION LOGISTICS ............ . 1 0' 1 89 1 0' 189 
RESERVE SHIP OPERATIONS 
70 SHIP OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AND TRAINING ................ . 560 560 
RESERVE COMBAT OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
90 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ............. . 13,173 13' 173 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ................................ . 109,053 109,053 
RESERVE WEAPONS SUPPORT 
i 20 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......... . 27,226 27,226 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 
130 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 27,571 30,071 
140 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 99,166 99' 166 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 906,440 906,440 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
150 ADMINISTRATION ....................................... . 1 '351 1 '351 
160 MILITARY MANPOWER & PERSONNEL .................... , ... . 13,251 13,251 
170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................... . 3,445 3,445 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT... . .............. . 3' 169 3' 169 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . 21 '216 21 '216 
RESTORE READINESS ...................... . 2,000 
======~==~=~ ~=~=~======= 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE., .... 927,656 929,656 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1714 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 494 eh08mr17.054rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 Budget Request 
1A1A MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS 
Projected underexecution 
BSMR FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
Program increase 
RESTORE READINESS 526,190 27,571 Final Bill 
523,690 
-2,500 
30,071 
2,500 
2,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1715 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS RESERVE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1716 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 496 here eh08mr17.055rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS RESERVE 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 : OPERATING FORCES 
EXPEDITIONARY FORCES 
1 0 OPERATING FORCES ..................................... . 
20 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .................................... . 
30 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 
40 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ............................... . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
50 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ........................... . 
60 ADMINISTRATION ....................................... . 
70 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ........................... . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . 
RESTORE READINESS .................................... . 
TOTAL. OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS RESERVE BUDGET 
REQUEST 
941 154 
18,594 
25,470 
111 '550 
249,768 
902 
11 '130 
8,833 
20,865 
-------------------- ...... ---
270,633 FINAL 
BILL 
94' 154 
18,594 
26,470 
110,050 
249,268 
902 
11 '1 30 
8,833 
20,865 
1 I 000 
::::=========== 
271,133 
============ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1717 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 497 here eh08mr17.056rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 Budget Request 
BSM1 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION Program 
increase 
BSS1 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 
Unjustified program growth 
RESTORE READINESS 25,470 
111,550 Final Bill 
26,470 
1,000 
110,050 
-1,500 
1,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1718 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1719 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 499 here eh08mr17.057rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE1 0 
20 
30 
40 
so 
60 70 80 90 100 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1: OPERATING FORCES 
AIR OPERATIONS 
PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ........................... , .... . 
MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ........................... . 
DEPOT MAINTENANCE .................................... . 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT. RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ............................... . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIOE ACTIVITIES 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
ADMINISTRATION ....................................... . 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ........................... . 
MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ........... . 
OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .............................. . 
AUDIOVISUAL .......................................... . 
TOTAL. BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1,707,882 
230,016 
541 '743 
113,470 
384,832 
2. 977' 943 
54,939 
14,754 
12,707 
7,210 
376 
89.986 FINAL 
BILL 
1,690,882 
228,516 
541,743 
132,270 
384,832 
2,978,243 
54,939 
14,754 
1 2' 707 
7,210 
376 
89,986 
RESTORE READINESS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1. 000 
============ ============ 
TOTAL. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE. 3,067.929 3,069,229 
============ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1720 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 500 here eh08mr17.058rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 Budget Request 
011A PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES 
Unjustified growth 
011G MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS 
Justification does not match summary of price and program changes 
011R FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
Program increase 
RESTORE READINESS 1,707,882 230,016 113,470 Final Bill 
1,690,882 
-17,000 
228,516 
-1,500 
132,270 
18,800 
1,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1721 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1722 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 502 here eh08mr17.059rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE10 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1: OPERATING FORCES 
LAND FORCES 
MANEUVER UNITS ..... 
20 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ............................. . 
30 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ............................... . 
40 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ................................. . 
50 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ....................... . 
60 AVIATION ASSETS ...................................... . 
LAND FORCES READINESS 
70 FORCE READ I NESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ................... . 
80 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ........................ . 
90 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ........................ . 
LAND FORCES READINESS SUPPORT 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................. . 
11 0 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .............. . BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
708,251 708,251 
197,251 197,251 792,271 788,271 
80,341 84,341 3 7. 
138 37. 138 
887,625 881 '125 
696,267 669.993 
61 . 240 56,240 
219,948 219,948 
1. 040.012 1,029,512 676,715 692,947 
1,021,144 1.011,144 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1............................ 6,418,203 6,376,161 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION .......................... . 6,396 6,396 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............. . 68,528 69,678 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ........................... . 76,524 76,524 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT .................................. . 7,712 7,712 
170 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ........................... . 245,046 245,046 
180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ........................... . 2. 961 2,961 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ........................... . 407,167 408,317 
RESTORE READINESS ..... . 20,000 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN ARMY NATIONAL 
GUARD END STRENGTH.................................. 57,000 
TOTAL. OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 6,825,370 6,861,478 
============ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1723 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 503 here eh08mr17.060rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 
113 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 
Unjustified program growth 
114 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS 
Program increase -Operation Phalanx 
116 AVIATION ASSETS 
Program increase -Operation Phalanx Unjustified program growth 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Unjustified program growth 
Program increase -cyber protection teams 
Program increase -language capabilities Program 
increase -trauma training 
122 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS Program 
decrease not properly accounted 131 
BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Unjustified program growth 
132 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION Program 
increase 
133 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS Unjustified program growth 
431 ADMINISTRATION 
Program increase -State Partnership Program 
RESTORE READINESS 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INCREASE IN ARMY NATIONAL 
GUARD END STRENGTH Budget Request 
792,271 80,341 887,625 696,267 61,240 
1,040,012 
676,715 1,021,144 68,528 Final Bill 
788,271 
-4,000 
84,341 
4,000 
881,125 
5,000 -11,500 
669,993 
-30,000 3,000 
200 
526 
56,240 
-5,000 
1,029,512 
-10,500 
692,947 
16,232 
1,011,144 
-10,000 
69,678 
1,150 
20,000 57,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1724 March 8, 2017 
NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP  
PROGRAMLANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM  For more than twenty years, the National Guard State Partnership Program (SPP) has been successfully building unique security relationships with more than 75 nations around the globe. To build on the success of this program, the agreement recommends that the Chief of the National Guard Bureau encourage the enhancement of individual language skills and prioritize language school appointments of soldiers and airmen within the program to help further strength-en these international relationships. Addi-tionally, servicemembers of the National Guard that participate in, and are from states with units assigned to state partner-ship activities should strive to attend lan-guage schools, both defense-sponsored and otherwise; obtain computer-assisted lan-guage-learning software; and use inter-national visits through the SPP as a means of language skill immersion. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1725 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 506 here eh08mr17.061rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 1: OPERATING FORCES 
AIR OPERATIONS 
10 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS .................................. . 
20 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ........................... . 
30 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .................................... . 
40 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 
50 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ............................... . 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ........................... . 
BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
60 ADMINISTRATION ....................................... . 
70 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ........................... . 
TOTAL . BUDGET ACT! VITY 4 ........................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
3,282,238 
723,062 
1,824,329 
245,840 575,548 
-~~~--------
6,651,017 23,715 28,846 52,561 FINAL 
BILL 
3,193,238 
713,579 
1,816,329 
255,840 
566,548 
__ ,. ... ________ 
6,545,534 23,715 28,846 
52,561 
RESTORE READINESS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17,000 
============ ============ 
TOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD .. 6,703,578 6,615,095 
============ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1726 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 507 here eh08mr17.062rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 
011F AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS 
Unjustifed growth 
MIP program decrease not properly accounted 
011G MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS 
Program increase - State Partnership Program Maintain program affordability -unjustified growth Program 
increase- trauma training 
011M DEPOT MAINTENANCE MIP 
program unjustified growth 
011R FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
Program increase 
011Z BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 
Unjustifed growth 
RESTORE READINESS Budget Request 
3,282,238 
723,062 
1,824,329 
245,840 
575,548 Final Bill 
3,193,238 
-74,000 -15,000 
713,579 
1,150 -12,000 
1,367 1,816,329 
-8,000 255,840 10,000 
566,548 
-9,000 17,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1727 March 8, 2017 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES The agreement provides $14,194,000 for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY The agreement provides $170,167,000 for En-vironmental Restoration, Army. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY The agreement provides $289,262,000, an in-crease of $7,500,000 above the budget request, for Environmental Restoration, Navy. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE The agreement provides $371,521,000 for En-vironmental Restoration, Air Force. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE-WIDE The agreement provides $9,009,000 for Envi-ronmental Restoration, Defense-Wide. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES The agreement provides $222,084,000, an in-crease of $25,000,000 above the budget re-quest, for Environmental Restoration, For-merly Used Defense Sites. OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID The agreement provides $123,125,000, an in-crease of $18,000,000 above the budget re-quest, for Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid. Specifically, $3,000,000 is a general increase and $15,000,000 is for South China Sea Regional Engagement. COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT The agreement provides $325,604,000 for the Cooperative Threat Reduction Account, as follows: EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget request Final bill 
Strategic Offensive Arms Elimination ...... 11,791 11,791 Chemical Weapons Destruction ................ 2,942 2,942 Biological Threat Reduction ...................... 213,984 213,984 Threat Reduction Engagement ................. 2,000 2,000 Other Assessments/Admin Costs .............. 27,279 27,279 Global Nuclear Security ............................ 16,899 16,899 WMD Proliferation Prevention ................... 50,709 50,709 
TOTAL, COOPERATIVE THREAT RE-DUCTION ACCOUNT ...................... 325,604 325,604 
TITLE III—PROCUREMENT The agreement provides $108,426,827,000 in Title III, Procurement. The agreement on items addressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1728 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 511 here eh08mr17.063rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS} 
SUMMARY 
ARMY 
AIRCRAFT ............................................. . 
MISSILES ............................................. . 
WEAPONS AND TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES .................. . 
AMMUNITION..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
OTHER ................................................ . BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
3,614,787 
1,519,966 
2.265,177 
1,513,157 
5,873,949 4,587,598 1,533,804 
2,229,455 1,483,566 6,147,328 
TOTAL, ARMY ......................................... 14,787,036 15,981,751 
NAVY 
AIRCRAFT ............................................. . 
WEAPONS .................... , ......................... . 
AMMUNITION ................... , ....................... . 
SHIPS ............ , .......... , , . , ..................... . 
OTHER ......................................... , ...... . 
MARINE CORPS ......................................... . 
TOTAL, NAVY ............................. . 
AIR FORCE 
AIRCRAFT ............................................. . 
MISSILES ............................................. . 
SPACE ................................................ . 
AMMUNITION ........................................... . 
OTHER ............................. , .................. . 141 109' 148 
3,209,262 
664,368 
18,354,874 6,338,861 
1,362,769 44,039,282 
13,922,917 2.426,621 
3,055,743 
1,677,719 
17,438,056 161 135 t 335 
3,265,285 
633,678 
21,156,886 
6,308,919 
1,307,456 
48,807,559 
14,253,623 
213481 121 
2.733,243 
1,589,219 
17,768,224 
TOTAL, AIR FORCE .................................... 38,521,056 38,692,430 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
DEFENSE WIDE .... ,..................................... 4,524,918 
DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PURCHASES.,.................... 44,065 4,881,022 
64,065 
============ ============ 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 101 , 916,357 108,426, 827 
============ ------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1729 March 8, 2017 
REPROGRAMMING GUIDANCE FOR ACQUISITION  
ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to continue to follow the reprogramming guid-ance as specified in the report accompanying the House version of the Department of De-fense Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2008 (House Report 110–279). Specifically, the dol-lar threshold for reprogramming funds shall remain at $20,000,000 for procurement and $10,000,000 for research, development, test and evaluation. Also, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is directed to continue to pro-vide the congressional defense committees quarterly, spreadsheet-based DD Form 1416 reports for Service and defense-wide ac-counts in titles III and IV of this Act. Re-ports for titles III and IV shall comply with the guidance specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2006. The De-partment shall continue to follow the limita-tion that prior approval reprogrammings are set at either the specified dollar threshold or 20 percent of the procurement or research, development, test and evaluation line, whichever is less. These thresholds are cu-mulative from the base for reprogramming value as modified by any adjustments. Therefore, if the combined value of transfers into or out of a procurement (P–1) or re-search, development, test and evaluation (R– 1) line exceeds the identified threshold, the Secretary of Defense must submit a prior ap-proval reprogramming to the congressional defense committees. In addition, guidelines on the application of prior approval re-programming procedures for congressional special interest items are established else-where in this statement. 
FUNDING INCREASES  The funding increases outlined in these ta-bles shall be provided only for the specific purposes indicated in the tables. 
PROCUREMENT SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are congressional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the ex-planatory statement. 
JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER BUDGET JUSTIFICATIONS  
AND CONTRACTING  Throughout the fiscal year 2017 budget re-view process, the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Joint Program Office provided insufficient justification and incomplete information in an untimely manner. It is imperative that requested information is received promptly for proper congressional oversight of this major defense acquisition program. It is understood that the Secretary of De-fense is reviewing potential alternative man-agement structures for the JSF program as directed by the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). This review will provide an oppor-tunity to improve communication between the JSF Program Executive Officer (PEO), the Services, and the congressional defense committees to ensure the program’s funding requirements are fully understood, commu-nicated, and justified. Additionally, there is concern that the number of F–35s enacted in annual Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Acts are not being placed on contract by the JSF PEO in a timely manner. Four F–35s included in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 and 13 F–35s included in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 were not part of their respective low rate initial pro-duction (LRIP) contracts due to the PEO’s contracting strategy. Specifically, only four F–35Cs were included on LRIPs 9 and 10, rather than the ten F–35Cs enacted in the Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, 2015 and 2016, impeding production effi-ciencies. The agreement directs the JSF PEO to use a contracting approach that would award all aircraft included in each Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act on the respective production contract for that fiscal year. The agreement includes funding for 74 F–35 aircraft. The JSF PEO is directed to brief the congressional defense committees not later than 45 days after the enactment of this Act on the contracting strategy for these aircraft. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1730 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 516 here eh08mr17.064rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEAIRCRAFT 
FIXED WING (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
1 UTILITY F/W CARGO AIRCRAFT .......................... . 
3 MQ-1 UAV ........... , ................................. . 
ROTARY 
5 UH-72 LAKOTA LIGHT UTILITY HELICOPTER ................ . 
6 AH-64 APACHE BLOCK IliA REMAN ........................ . 
6A AH-64 APACHE BLOCK lllA NEW BUILD .................... . 
7 AH-64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN (AP-CY) ................ . 
7A AH-64 APACHE BLOCK IliA NEW BUILD (AP-CY) ........... ,. 
8 UH-60 BLACKHAWK (MYP) ................................ . 
9 UH-60 BLACKHAWK (MYP) (AP·CY) ........................ . 
10 UH-60 BLACKHAWK A AND L MODELS ....................... . 
11 CH-47 HELICOPTER ..................................... . 
12 CH-47 HELICOPTER (AP-CY) ............................ . 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT .................................... . 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
13 MQ-1 PAYLOAD -UAS ................................... . 
15 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON {MIP) ......................... . 
16 AH • 64 MOOS ........................................... . 
17 CH-47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS ......................... . 
18 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ................................. . 
19 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ................................. .. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
57,529 55,388 
803,084 185,160 
755,146 
174,107 
46' 173 
556,257 
8,707 
----- ... -·~----
2,641,551 
43,735 
94,527 
137,883 
102,943 
4,055 
6,793 FINAL 
BILL 
41,342 
250,388 187,000 774,072 
1901 100 
185. 160 
71,800 
1,085,046 174,107 
46,173 
553,257 
8,707 
................... .,.,.. ... ___ 
3,567,152 
63,735 
94,527 
137,883 
102,943 
4,055 
6,793 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1731 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 517 here eh08mr17.065rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
20 EMARSS SEMA MOOS (MIP) .............................. .. 
21 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS .......................... . 
22 UTILITY HELICOPTER MOOS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
23 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN ............................. . 
24 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE .............................. . 
25 GATM ROLLUP .......................................... . 
26 RQ-7 UAV MODS ........................................ . 
27 UAS MODS ............................................. . 
TOTAL, MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT .................... . 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 
28 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ..................... . 
29 SURVIVABILITY CM ..................................... . 
30 CMWS ................................................. . 
OTHER SUPPORT 
32 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
33 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .............................. . 
34 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS ........................... . 
35 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL .................................. . 
36 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................ . 
37 LAUNCHER, 2. 75 ROCKET ............................... .. 
TOTAL, SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES ............ . 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY .................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
13 j 197 
17' 526 
10,807 
74,752 
69,960 
45,302 
71 '169 
21,804 
.,_ ______ .,. ..... ___ 
714,453 
67 '377 
9,565 41,626 
7,007 
48,234 
30,297 
50,405 
1 '217 
3,055 
258,783 3,614,787 FINAL 
BILL 
12' 197 
17,526 
10,807 
74,752 76,960 45,302 
71,169 
21,804 
........ ----.............. 
740,453 
89' 377 
9,565 
41 '626 
6,217 
48,234 
30,297 
50,405 
1 '217 
3,055 
279,993 4,587,598 
=========;=== ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1732 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 518 here eh08mr17.066rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 
UTILITY F/W CARGO AIRCRAFT 
Excess program management Unit cost growth 
3 MQ-1 UAV 
Program increase- 12 aircraft 
5 UH-72 LAKOTA LIGHT UTILITY HELICOPTER 
Program increase -28 aircraft 
5 AH-54 APACHE BLOCK lilA REMAN 
Unit cost efficiencies from multiyear procurement contract Excess government furnished equipment 
SA AH-54 APACHE BLOCK lilA NEW BUILD 
Program increase -five aircraft 
7 A AH-54 APACHE BLOCK lilA NEW BUILD (AP-CY) 
Program increase 
8 UH-50 BLACKHAWK (MYP) 
Program increase -15 for Army National Guard and ten for active Army Excess tooling 
11 CH-47 HELICOPTER 
Excess program management cost growth Excess support cost growth 
13 MQ-1 PAYLOAD • UAS 
Program increase -CSP HD upgrade 
20 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) 
Excess program management 
24 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE 
Program increase -assured PNT 
28 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT 
Program increase -modernized radar warning system 
32 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
ANVIS unit cost growth 57,529 55,388 
0 
803,084 0 
0 
755,145 555,257 43,735 13,197 
69,960 
67,377 
7,007 Final Bill 
41,342 
-3,587 
-12,600 
250,388 
195,000 
187,000 
187,000 
774,072 
-9,600 
-19,412 
190,100 
190,100 
71,800 
71,800 
1,085,045 
339,900 -10,000 
553,257 
-1,500 -1,500 
53,735 
20,000 
12,197 
-1,000 
76,960 
7,000 
89,377 
22,000 
6,217 
-790 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1733 March 8, 2017 
UH–72 LAKOTA LIGHT UTILITY HELICOPTER  The agreement provides $187,000,000 to pro-cure 28 UH–72 Lakota Light Utility Heli-copters for the Army in support of ongoing mission requirements at the Army Aviation Center of Excellence at Fort Rucker, the Combat Training Centers, and the Army Test and Evaluation Center. The agreement notes that this investment is consistent with previous appropriations and was included in the Army’s unfunded priority list. The Sec-retary of the Army is encouraged to request funding for UH–72 Lakota Light Utility Heli-copters to address ongoing mission require-ments in future budget submissions. MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1734 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 521 here eh08mr17.067rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
OTHER MISSILES 
SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 
LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMO) ............ . 
2 MSE MISSILE .......................................... . 3 
INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY .................. . 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
4 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ................................. . 
5 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) 
6 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) (AP-CY) .............. . 
ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYSTEM 
7 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ...................... . B 
TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ................................. . 9 
TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY (AP·CY) ......................... . 
10 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ........................... . 
11 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) ........... . 
TOTAL, OTHER MISSILES .............................. . 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
MOD I FICA TI ONS 
13 PATRIOT MOOS ......................................... . 
14 A TACHS MODS .......................................... . 1 5 
Gt1LRS HOD, ........................................... . 
17 AVENGER MODS ......................................... . 
18 ITASITOW MODS ........................................ . 
19 11LRS MODS ............................................ . 
20 HI MARS MODIFICATIONS ........................ , ........ . 
TOTAL, MODIFICATION OF MISSILES .................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
126,470 423,201 
19. 319 
42,013 
64,751 
37.100 
73,508 
64,922 
19,949 
172,088 
18,004 
., ____ ,...,.., ......... 
1,061,325 
197' 107 150,043 
395 
33,606 
383 
34,704 
1,847 
...... ""' ........ --"' ....... 
418,085 FINAL 
BILL 
126,470 423,201 
19,319 
42 '013 
61,911 37.100 
102,808 
64,922 
10,716 
172' 088 
18,004 
_____ .. _ .......... ,. ..... 
1,078,552 
197,107 
150,043 
395 
33,606 
383 
31 '315 
1 1847 
, __ .,. . .,. .... .,.,_ .. _,. .. 
414' 696 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1735 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 522 here eh08mr17.068rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
21 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ....................... . 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
22 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS. . . . . ............................ . 
24 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT .............................. . 
TOTAL, SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES ............ . 
TOTAL, MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
34,487 
4,915 
1 '154 
6,069 
1,519,966 --------------------------FINAL 
BILL 
34,487 
4,915 
1 '154 
6,069 
1,533,804 
====:::::::::=:====== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1736 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 523 here eh08mr17.069rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 
5 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) 
Unjustified increase 
7 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY 
Engineering services cost growth 
Program increase 
9 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY (AP-CY) 
Advance procurement excess to need 
19 MLRS MODS 
Program cost growth 64,751 
73,508 
19,949 
34,704 Final Bill 
61,911 
-2,840 102,808 
-1,700 
31,000 10,716 
-9,233 31,315 -3,389 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1737 March 8, 2017 
PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1738 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 524 here eh08mr17.070rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE{IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED 
COMBAT VEHICLES (W&TCV) , ARMY 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
1 STRYKER VEHICLE ...................................... . 
MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
2 STRYKER (MOO) ........................................ . 
3 STRYKER UPGRADE ...................................... . 
5 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ................................ . 
7 HOWITZER, MEO SP FT 155MH M109A6 (MOD) ............... . 
8 PALADIN PIPM MOD IN SERVICE .......................... . 
9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES} ........... . 
10 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ................................. . 
11 ARMORED BREACHER VEHICLE ............ , ................ . 
12 M88 FOV MOOS ......................................... . 
13 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ................................. . 
14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOO) ................................. . 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
TOTAL. TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES ..................... . 
WEAPONS AND OTHER COHBAT VEHICLES 
17 INTEGRATED AIR BURST WEAPON SYSTEM FAMILY ............ . 
18 MORTAR SYSTEMS ....................................... . 
19 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE ( GLM) .................. . 
20 COMPACT SEMI~AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ................. . 
21 CARBINE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... 
22 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ............. . 
23 MODULAR HANDGUN SYSTEM ............................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
71,680 
74,348 
444,561 
276,433 
631 138 
469,305 
91,963 
3,465 
2,928 
8,685 
64,752 
480.166 
.......... ,. ...... ---.. 
2,051,424 
9,764 
8,332 
3,062 
992 
40,493 
25' 164 FINAL 
BILL 
71,680 
74,348 
418,561 
265,333 
63 '138 
461,505 
91,963 
3,465 
2,926 
8,685 
64,752 
492,044 
... ............. ~ ............ -.. 
2,018,402 
7,064 
8,332 
3,062 
40,493 
25,164 
2.000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1739 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 525 here eh08mr17.071rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
24 MK-19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS ....................... . 
25 M777 MODS. . . . . . . . . . . . .............................. . 
26 M4 CARBINE MODS ...................................... . 
27 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ........................... . 28 
M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS ............................ . 
29 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ......................... . 
30 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS .......................... . 
31 M119 MODIFICATIONS ................................... . 32 
MORTAR MODIFICATION .................................. . 
33 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M {WOCV-WTCV) ............ . 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
34 ITEMS LESS THAN $5. OM (WOCV-WTCV) .................... . 
37 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) .............. . 
TOTAL, WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES ........... . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY .................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
4,959 
11,913 
29,752 
48,582 
1 '179 
1,784 
971 
6,045 
12,118 
3' 157 
2,331 
3' 155 
213,753 
2,265,177 -------------_.. ___________ _ FINAL 
BILL 
4,959 
11,913 
27,752 
48,582 
1 ,179 
1 '784 
1 1963 
6,045 
12,118 
3' 157 
2' 331 
3' 155 
211,053 
2,229,455 
========:::::::::;::::::::::= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1740 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 526 here eh08mr17.072rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 
3 STRYKER UPGRADE 
Unjustified growth 5 BRADLEY 
PROGRAM (MOD) Contractor support unjustified growth Excess to need -negotiated contract savings 8 
PALADIN PIM MOD IN SERVICE 
Estimated contract savings 14 
M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) Excess program engineering support 
Industrial support 17 INTEGRATED 
AIR BURST WEAPON SYSTEM FAMILY 
Program delay 
20 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM 
Army requested transfer to line 30 
23 MODULAR HANDGUN SYSTEM 
Army requested transfer from line 26 26 M4 CARBINE 
MODS 
Army requested transfer to line 23 
30 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS 
Army requested transfer from line 20 444,561 276,433 
469,305 480,166 
9,764 992 
0 
29,752 
971 Final Bill 
418,561 
-26,000 
265,333 
-8,000 -3,100 461,505 -7,800 492,044 -4,400 
16,278 
7,064 -2,700 
0 
-992 
2,000 2,000 
27,752 
-2,000 
1,963 
992 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1741 March 8, 2017 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1742 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 528 here eh08mr17.073rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
AMMUNITION 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
CTG, 5. 56MM, ALL TYPES ............................... . 2 
CTG, 7. 62MM, ALL TYPES ............................... . 
3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .............................. . 
4 CTG, . 50 CAL, ALL TYPES .............................. . 5 
CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ................................ . 
6 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ................................. . 
7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ................................. . 
8 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ................................. . 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ............................... . 
10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ............................... . 
11 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .............................. . 
TANK AMMUNITION 
12 CTG TANK 1 05MM AND 120MM: ALL TYPES .................. . 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
13 CTG, ARTY, 75MM AND 105MM: ALL TYPES ................. . 
14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ............... . 
15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE XM982 ...................... . 
16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL TYPES ... 
ROCKETS 
19 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............... . 
20 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES .......................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
40,296 
39,237 5' 193 46,693 
7,000 
7,753 
47,000 
118' 178 69,784 
36,125 69' 133 120,668 
64,800 
109,515 
39.200 
70,881 
38,000 
87,213 FINAL 
BILL 
40,296 
39,237 
5' 193 
46,693 
7,000 
7,753 
47,000 111,824 
69,784 36' 1 
25 
69' 1 33 
117,853 
61,300 
94,515 
36,025 
66,881 
33,000 
87,213 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1743 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 529 here eh08mr17.074rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS} 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
21 CAD/PAD ALL TYPES .................................... . 
22 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS. ALL TYPES ...................... . 
23 GRENADES, ALL TYPES .................................. . 
24 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ................................... . 
25 SIMULATORS I ALL TYPES ...........................•.. ' .. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
26 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES ........................... . 
27 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ..................... . 
28 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ........................... . 
29 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ........................ . 
30 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) .............. . 
TOTAL, AMMUNITION .................................. . 
AMMUNITION PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
32 PROVISION OF INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................... . 
33 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION, ALL ......... . 
34 ARMS INITIATIVE ...................................... . 
TOTAL 1 AMMUNITION PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT .......... . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
4,914 
6,380 
22,760 
10,666 
71412 121726 
6' 100 101006 
17,275 
14. 951 
1 '1 29. 859 
222' 269 
157,383 
3,646 
383,298 
1,513,157 
::::;:::::::=:.::;::::;:::;;::: FINAL 
BILL 
4,914 
6,380 
22.760 
6' 166 
7,412 
12' 726 
5' 100 
9,506 
13,528 
14 '951 
1 '080' 268 
242,269 
157,383 
3,646 
403,298 
1 '483' 566 ------------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1744 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 530 here eh08mr17.075rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 8 CTG, 
40MM, ALL TYPES 118,178 Program delays 12 CTG TANK 
105MM AND 120MM: ALL TYPES 120,668 
Excess to requirement 13 CTG, ARTY, 75MM AND 
105MM: ALL TYPES 64,800 Change 
to acquisition strategy for 75mm blank 14 
ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES 109,515 
Unjustified growth 15 
PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE XM982 39,200 Eliminate 
program growth 16 
ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL TYPES 70,881 
Maintain level of effort for PGK 19 
SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES 38,000 Change 
to acquisition strategy 
24 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES 10,666 
Excess to requirement 
27 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES 6,100 
Unobligated balances 
28 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 10,006 
Unobligated balances 
29 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT 17,275 Excess to requirement 
32 PROVISION OF INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 222,269 Program increase Final Bill 
111,824 -6,354 117,853 -2,815 
61,300 -3,500 
94,515 
-15,000 36,025 
-3,175 66,881 
-4,000 33,000 -5,000 
6,166 
-4,500 5,100 -1,000 9,506 -500 
13,528 -3,747 242,269 
20,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1745 March 8, 2017 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1746 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 532 here eh08mr17.076rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE2 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL AND SUPPORT VEHICLES 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ......................... . 
SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ................... . 3 
HIGH MOBILITY MULTI-PURPOSE WHEELED VEHICLE (HMMWV) ... 
4 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) ..... 
5 ARNG HMMWV MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ... 
6 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ........................ . 7 
TRUCK. DUMP, 20t (CCE) ............................... . 8 
FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) .............. . 9 
FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMEN ........ . 
10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ............. . 
11 PLS ESP .............................................. . 
13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ............. . 
14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP .................... . 
15 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED MODS ................. . 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 
16 HEAVY ARMORED SEDAN ........ , .......... . 
18 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER .. , ....................... . 
TOTAL, TACTICAL AND SUPPORT VEHICLES ............... . 
COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT 
COMM JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 
19 WIN-T- GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ............... . 
20 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ....................... . 
21 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ........ . 
22 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ............................ . 
COMM -SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
23 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIOEBANO SATCOM SYSTEMS ......... , .. 
24 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ........ . 
25 SHF TERM. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... 
27 SMART-T (SPACE) ...................................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
3,733 3,716 
4,907 
587' 514 
3,927 53,293 
7,460 
39,564 
11 '856 49,751 
64,000 10,611 
394 
1 '755 842,481 427.598 58,250 5,749 
5,068 143,805 36,580 1,985 
9' 165 FINAL 
BILL 
2,578 3,716 
50,000 4,907 160,000 
587' 514 
3,927 53,293 
7,460 
33,594 
11 '8 56 
45,251 
64,000 10,611 
394 
1 '755 1 
'040' 856 
541 '598 
58,250 
5, 749 
5,068 143,805 36,580 
1 '985 9' 
165 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1747 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 533 here eh08mr17.077rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
-~~----- ---~-- ... -----------~ 
COMM -C3 SYSTEM 
31 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) ................ . 2,530 2,530 
COMM -COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 
33 HANDHELD MAN PACK SMALL FORM FIT ( HMS) ................ . 273,645 273,645 
34 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR} ........... . 25,017 25,017 
35 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ...................... . 12,326 12,326 
37 TRACTOR DESK ......................................... . 2,034 2,034 
38 TRACTOR RIDE ......................................... . 2,334 2,334 
39 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ...................... . 1 '985 1 '428 
40 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCREASE ........ . 10,796 8,796 
42 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ........ . 3,607 3,607 
43 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ..... . 14 '295 14,295 
45 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ......... . 19,893 19,893 
COMM · INTELLIGENCE COMM 
47 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ..................... . 1 '388 1 '388 
48 ARMY CA/MISO GPF EQUIPMENT ........................... . 5,494 5,494 
49 FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ................................. . 2,978 2,978 
INFORMATION SECURITY 
51 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ..................... . 131,356 131,356 
52 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS ........................... . 15' 132 19' 132 
COMM · LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 
53 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS .......................... . 27,452 32,852 
COMM -BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
54 INFORMATION SYSTEMS .................................. . 122,055 114,555 
55 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........... . 4,286 4,286 
56 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ......... . 131.794 126,794 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1748 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 534 here eh08mr17.078rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ELECT EQUIP 
ELECT EQUIP -TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
59 JTT/CIBS-M (MIP) ......................... . 
62 DCGS-A (MIP) ........................................ . 
63 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) .... _ ........... . 
64 TROJAN ( M I P) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
65 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) .............. . 
66 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) (MIP} ........ . 
67 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ............ . 
68 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM .......... . 
ELECT EQUIP -ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
70 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ..................... . 
71 EW PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT TOOLS .................... . 
72 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) .................................. . 
74 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIES ....... . 
75 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE I SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ......... . 
76 CI MODERNIZATION (MIP) ............................... . 
ELECT EQUIP -TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
77 SENTINEL MODS ............................... . 
78 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................... . 
79 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF .......... . 
80 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ........... . 
81 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ....................... . 
82 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP ............................ . 
85 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND -PLATFORM (JBC-P) .............. . 
86 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ................ . 
87 MOD OF IN-SERVICE EQUIPMENT (LLDR) ................... . 
88 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ................... . 
89 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ..... 
90 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
5,337 242,514 4' 
417 
17' 455 
44,965 7,658 
7,970 
545 
74,038 3,235 
733 
1 '740 
455 
176 
40' 171 
163,029 
15,885 48,427 55,536 4' 
187 
137.501 
50' 726 
28,058 
5,924 22.331 314,509 FINAL 
BILL 
5,337 
230,214 
4,417 17,455 44,965 7,658 
7,970 
545 
68,453 3,235 
733 
1 '740 
455 
176 
40' 171 
151,029 15,885 58,427 49,536 
4' 187 
137,501 
48,375 
28,058 
5,924 22.331 
297,509 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1749 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 535 here eh08mr17.079rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE{IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ELECT EQUIP -TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
91 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY .............................. .. 
92 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS (AMD. . ..... . 93 
IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM ........................... . 94 
LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT ( LCSS) ................... . 95 
NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ........ . 96 
MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ( MCS) ........................ . 97 
GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM -ARMY. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 
98 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM -ARMY ............. . 99 
RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET .......... . 
100 MOD OF IN-SERVICE EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ................. . 
ELECT EQUIP - AUTOMATION 
101 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION .......................... . 
102 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIPMENT .................. . 
103 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM .............. . 
104 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PROGRAM ...................... . 
105 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .............................. . 
1 06 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS ( RCAS) .............. . 
ELECT EQUIP - AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 
107 TACTICAL DIGITAL MEDIA ............................... . 1 
08 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) ............ . 
ELECT EQUIP - SUPPORT 
109 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) ........................ . 999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 
TOTAL, COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT ..... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
8,660 
54,376 
204,969 
4,718 
11 '063 
151,318 
1 55 1 660 
4,214 
16. 185 1 . 565 
17' 693 
107,960 
6,416 
58,614 
986 
23,828 
1 '191 
1 '995 
403 
4,436 
__ _,,. .. ___ M ____ 
3,632,369 FINAL 
BILL 
8,660 
54,376 
204,969 
4,718 
11 '063 
151,318 135,809 
4,214 
16' 185 
1 . 565 
17,693 
107,960 
6,416 
58,614 
986 
23,828 
1 '1 91 
1 '995 
403 
4,436 
~--~ ....... -.. -----
3,675,625 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1750 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 536 here eh08mr17.080rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEOTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
111 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ................................... . 
112 FAMILY OF NON LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ............... . 
114 CBRN SOLDIER PROTECTION .............................. . 
BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 
115 TACTICAL BRIDGING . 
116 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT -RIBBON ........................ . 
117 BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET .............................. . 
118 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER RECAP ...................... . 
ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 
119 GROUND STANDOFF MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (GSTAMIOS} ..... . 
120 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMIDS) ................... . 
121 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMOS) ................ . 
122 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ....................... . 
123 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ............... . 
124 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
125 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQPMT (EOD EQPMT) ........ . 
126 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS ............................ . 
127 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ........... . 
128 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ........................... . 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
129 HEATERS AND ECU'S ................................... . 
130 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT .................................. . 
131 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ............. . 
132 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ............................... . 
133 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ................................. . 
135 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .............................. . 
136 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ....... . 
137 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS .......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
2,966 9,795 17,922 
13,553 
25,244 
983 
25' 176 
39,350 
10,500 
274 
2,951 
1 '949 
5,203 5,570 
6,238 
836 
3' 171 
18,707 
2' 112 
1 0' 856 
32,419 
30' 014 
12,544 
18,509 
29,384 FINAL 
BILL 
2,966 9,795 17,922 13,553 25,244 25,176 39,350 1 
0' 500 
274 
2,951 
1 '949 
5,203 5,570 
5,238 
836 
3' 171 
17,707 
2' 112 
10,856 
32,419 
22 '014 
12,544 
18,509 
29,384 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1751 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 537 here eh08mr17.081rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 
139 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT...... . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... 
140 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .............. . 
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 
141 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ............................... . 
MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 
142 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ................. . 
143 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (HAINT EQ) ..................... . 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
14 4 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 ( CCE) ................... .. 
145 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ............................... . 147 
HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR .................................. . 
149 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ................................... . 
151 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) FOS .......... . 
152 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ........... . 
154 CONST EQUIP ESP ...................................... . 
155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5. OM (CONST EQUIP) .................. . 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 
156 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP .................................. . 
157 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ................... . 
GENERATORS 
158 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIPMENT .................. . 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
1 59 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ............. . 
160 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS .................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
4,487 
42,656 
59,761 
35,694 2,716 
1 '742 26,233 1,123 65,285 
1 '743 
2,779 
26,712 
6,649 
21,860 
1 '967 
113,266 
7,867 
2,307 FINAL 
BILL 
3,407 
35,656 
69,761 
33,694 
2,716 
1 '742 
26,233 
1 '123 
65,285 
16,743 
2' 779 
19,172 6,649 
21,860 
1 '967 
113' 266 
7,867 
2,307 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1752 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 538 here eh08mr17.082rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
161 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ...................... . 
162 TRAINING DEVICES, NON SYSTEM .......................... . 163 
CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER ........................ . 164 
AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (AVCA ........ . 165 
GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ........ . 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 
166 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ........................... . 167 
INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ........... . 168 
TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ................. . 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ............................. . 170 
RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............ . 
171 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (0PA3) ..................... . 172 
BASE LEVEL COM' L EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
173 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA-3) ............. . 174 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) ........................ . 
175 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ................... . 
1 77 TRACTOR YARD ......................................... . 
TOTAL. OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..................... . 
SPARE AND REPAIR PARTS 
179 INITIAL SPARES -C&E ................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
75,359 
253,050 
48,271 
40,000 
11 '543 
4,963 
29,781 
6,342 
3,149 
18,003 
44,082 
2. 168 
67,367 
1 '528 
8,289 
6,888 
_____ M ___ .......... 
1,371,856 
27,243 FINAL 
BILL 
75,359 
253,050 
48,271 
40,000 
11 . 543 
4,963 
29,781 
6,342 
3' 149 
20,003 
44,082 
2. 168 
74,867 
1 '528 
14' 289 
6,888 
--..... -.. -~-·----
1 '383' 753 
27,243 
XX LOGISTICS AUTOMATION ............ ,..................... 19,851 
TOTAL, OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ..................... . 5,873,949 6 0 14 7 1 328 
============= ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1753 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 539 here eh08mr17.083rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request Final Bill TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS 
3,733 2,578 
PVT early to need -1 '155 3 
HI MOB MUL TI-PURP WHLD VEH (HMMWV) 0 50,000 Program 
increase -HMMWV 
ambulance modernization for active Army 
50,000 
5 ARMY NATIONAL GUARD HMMWV MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 0 160,000 Program 
increase -
HMMWV for Army National Guard 100,000 Program 
increase - HMMWV ambulances for Army National Guard and Army Reserve 
60,000 10 FAMILY OF 
HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) 39,564 33,594 Unit cost growth -5,970 
13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS 49,751 45,251 Unit cost growth 
-4,500 
19 WIN-T-GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK 427,598 541,598 
Program increase 114,000 
39 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT 1,985 1,428 Fielding cost growth -557 
40 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCREASE 10,796 8,796 Engineering cost growth 
-2,000 
52 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS 15,132 19,132 
Program increase 4,000 
53 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS 27,452 32,852 
Program increase -USAEUR land mobile radio upgrade 5,400 
54 INFORMATION SYSTEMS 122,055 114,555 Underexecution 
-7,500 
56 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM 131,794 126,794 Excess government management cost growth 
-5,000 
62 DCGS-A (MIP) 242,514 230,214 
Technology refresh growth -12,300 70 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR 
RADAR 74,038 68,453 Unit cost growth -5,585 78 
NIGHT VISION DEVICES 163,029 151,029 
Maintain level of effort -12,000 80 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS 
48,427 58,427 
Program increase -
RAM warn communication enhancement 10,000 
81 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) 55,536 49,536 Underexecution 
-6,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1754 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 540 here eh08mr17.084rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
86 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) 50,726 48,375 Non-recurring engineering previously funded -2,351 
90 COUNTERFIRE RADARS 314,509 297,509 
Unit cost growth -17,000 
97 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY 155,660 135,809 
Army requested transfer to Logsitics Automation -19,851 117 
BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET 983 0 Procurement 
early to need -983 126 
REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS 6,238 5,238 Schedule 
slip -1,000 
129 HEATERS AND ECUS 18,707 17,707 
Underexecution -1,000 
133 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER 30,014 22,014 
Underexecution -8,000 
139 QUALITY 
SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT 
4,487 3,407 
Unit cost growth -1,080 140 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, 
PETROLEUM & WATER 42,656 35,656 Maintain 
level of effort -7,000 
141 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL 59,761 69,761 
Program increase 10,000 
142 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS 35,694 33,694 Maintain 
level of effort -2,000 
151 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) 1,743 16,743 
Program increase 15,000 
154 CONST EQUIP ESP 26,712 19,172 Unit cost growth 
-7,540 170 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT 
EQUIPMENT 18,003 20,003 Program 
increase 2,000 
173 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA-3) 67,367 74,867 
Program increase - laser leveling systems 7,500 
175 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING 8,289 14,289 
Program increase 6,000 
XX LOGISTICS AUTOMATION 0 19,851 Army requested transfer from 
line 97 19,851 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1755 March 8, 2017 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1756 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 542 here eh08mr17.085rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
2 F/A-18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET (MYP) ..................... . 
3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER 
4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (AP-CY) ......................... . 
5 JSF STOVL ............................................ . 
6 JSF STOVL (AP-CY) .................................... . 
7 CH-53K (HEAVY LIFT) 
8 CH-53K (HEAVY LIFT) {AP-CY) ......................... . 
9 V-22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ................................... . 
10 V-22 (MEDIUM LIFT) (AP-CY) ........................... . 
11 U H -1 Y I AH · 1 Z .......................................... . 
12 UH 1Y/AH-1Z (AP-CY) .................................. . 
14 MH-60R .............................................. . 16 
P-8A POSEIDON ........................................ . 
17 P-8A POSEIDON (AP-CY) ............................... .. 
18 E-20 ADV HAWKEYE .................................. .. 
19 E-20 AOV HAWKEYE (AP-CY) ............................. . 
TOTAL, COMBAT AIRCRAFT ............................. . 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
20 JPATS ................................................ . 
TOTAL, TRAINER AIRCRAFT ............................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
890,650 
80,908 
2,037,768 
233,648 
348,615 
88,365 
1 '264. 1 34 
19,674 
759,778 
57,232 
61,177 
1,940,238 
123' 140 
916,483 
1 25' 04 2 
............ --~----'" 
8,946,852 
5,849 
5,849 FINAL 
BILL 
979,000 
1,312,250 
80,908 
2,291,968 
233,648 
332,315 
84' 169 
1,392,134 
19,674 
805 '778 
49,208 
53' 177 
1,820,238 
1 23' 140 
916,483 
125,042 
-----------·--
10,619,132 
5,849 5,849 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1757 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 543 here eh08mr17.086rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
21 KC -130J .............................................. . 
22 KC-130J (AP-CY) ................................... .. 
23 MQ-4 TRITON .......................................... . 
24 MQ-4 TRITON (AP-CY) .................................. . 
2 5 MQ-8 UAV ............................................. . 
27A C-40 ................................................. . 
TOTAL, OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................•. 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
29 AEA SYSTEMS .......................................... . 
30 AV-8 SERIES .......................................... . 
31 ADVERSARY ............................................ . 
32 F-18 SERIES .......................................... . 
34 H-53 SERIES .......................................... . 35 
SH-60 SERIES ......................................... . 
36 H-1 SERIES ........................................... . 
37 EP-3 SERIES .......................................... . 38 
P-3 SERIES ........................................... . 
39 E-2 SERIES ........................................... . 
40 TRAINER A/C SERIES ................................... . 
41 C-2A. 
42 C-130 SERIES ......................................... . 
43 FEWSG.... . . . . . . . ................................... . 
44 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES ........................... . 
45 E-6 SERIES ........................................... . 
46 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ......................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
128,870 
24.848 
409,005 
55,652 
72,435 
-------------
690,810 
51,900 
60,818 
5' 1 91 
1,023,492 
46,095 
1 08' 328 
46,333 
14' 681 
2,781 
32,949 
13' 199 
19,066 
61 1788 
618 
9,822 
222.077 
66,835 FINAL 
BILL 
118,882 
24,848 
444,242 
55,652 
113,635 
207,000 
____ ....... -..... ----
964,259 
50,457 
54,895 
5' 1 91 
988,192 
48,895 
106,506 
69,733 
14. 681 
2' 781 
30,949 
11 t 328 
19,066 
53,788 
618 
9,822 
208,544 
63,754 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1758 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 544 here eh08mr17.087rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ............................. . 
48 T -45 SERIES .......................................... . 
49 POWER PLANT CHANGES .................................. . 
50 JPATS SERIES... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............. . 
51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ................................. . 
52 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .............................. . 
53 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .................... . 
54 ID SYSTEMS ........................................... . 
55 P-8 SERIES ................ . 
56 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION .............................. . 
57 MQ-8 SERIES .......................................... . 
58 RQ-7 SERIES .......................................... . 
59 V-22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ........................ . 
60 F-35 STOVL SERIES .................................... . 
61 F-35 CV SERIES ....................................... . 
62 QUICK REACTION CAPABILITY (QRC) ..................... . 
TOTAL, MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT .................... . 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .............................. . 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
64 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .............................. . 
65 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................... . 
66 WAR CONSUMABLES ...................................... . 
67 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ............................. . 
68 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT. . . . ..................... . 
69 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ..................... . 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES ..... . 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY .................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
16,497 114,887 16,893 
17' 401 
143,773 164,839 
4,403 
45,768 18,836 5,676 
19,003 
3,534 141,545 34,928 
26,004 
5,476 
------~--~--~ 
2,565.436 
1 '407' 626 
390' 103 
23' 194 
40,613 
860 
36,282 1 '523 492,575 
14,109,148 FINAL 
BILL 
16,497 105,267 
14' 893 
13,414 
140,773 
159,839 
4,403 42,270 18,036 
4,244 
19,003 
1 '534 141,545 
31 '436 21,833 5,476 
-.. ------ ----- -
2,479,663 
1,602,551 
365,282 23,194 
36,740 
860 
36,282 1 '523 463,881 
16,135,335 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1759 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 545 here eh08mr17.088rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 
2 F/A-18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET (MYP) 
Program increase 12 additional aircraft 
3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER 
Program increase -two additional aircraft for the Navy and two additional aircraft for the Marine 
Corps 
Unit cost growth 
5 JSF STOVL 
Program increase -two additional aircraft 
7 CH-53K (HEAVY LIFT) 
Recurring costs excess to need 
Support equipment early to need 
8 CH-53K (HEAVY LIFT) (AP-CY) 
Excess to need 
9 V-22 (MEDIUM LIFT) 
Program adjustment 
Support cost growth 
Program increase -two additional aircraft 
11 UH-1Y/AH-1Z 
Unit cost growth Excess program growth 
Program increase -two additional aircraft 
12 UH-1Y/AH-1Z (AP-CY) 
Funding carryover from reduction in aircraft 
14 MH-60R 
Field activity funding early to need 
16 P-8A POSEIDON 
Unit cost growth Excess program growth 
21 KC-130J 
Contract savings carryover 
23 MQ-4 TRITON 
Unit cost savings Unit cost growth 
Production engineering support excess growth 
Program increase -one additional system 
25 MQ-8 UAV 
Unit cost savings 
Program increase -four additional aircraft 
27A C-40 
Two additional aircraft for the Navy Reserve Budget Request 
0 
890,650 
2,037,768 
348,615 88,365 1,264,134 
759,778 
57,232 61,177 
1,940,238 128,870 409,005 
72,435 
0 Final Bill 979,000 
979,000 
1,312,250 
500,000 -78,400 
2,291,968 
254,200 
332,315 
-6,300 -10,000 
84,169 
-4,196 
1,392,134 
-5,000 -15,000 148,000 
805,778 
-12,000 -6,000 64,000 
49,208 
-8,024 
53,177 
-8,000 
1,820,238 
-77,000 -43,000 
118,882 
-9,988 
444,242 
-12,880 -32,750 -14,133 95,000 
113,635 
-6,400 47,600 
207,000 
207,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1760 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 546 here eh08mr17.089rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
29 AEA SYSTEMS 51,900 50,457 Other 
support growth (OSIP 007-11) -1,033 
Hardback cost growth (OSIP 007-11) -410 30 AV-8 SERIES 60,818 
54,895 Installation kit cost growth 
(OSIP 006-06) -1,500 
Excess installation (OSIP 006-06) -4,423 32 F-18 
SERIES 1,023,492 988,192 Program adjustment 
-40,300 
Program increase -electronic warfare upgrades 5,000 
34 H-53 SERIES 46,095 48,895 Program increase 
-CH-53 readiness 2,800 
35 SH-60 SERIES 108,328 106,506 
Installations kit non-recurring cost growth (OSIP 018-12) -1,822 36 
H-1 SERIES 46,333 69,733 Program 
increase- H-1 readiness 23,400 
39 E-2 SERIES 32,949 30,949 
Excess support growth (OSIP 009-16) -2,000 40 TRAINER 
AJC SERIES 13,199 11,328 Installation kit carryover 
(OSIP 005-04) -1,871 42 
C-130 SERIES 61,788 53,788 Prior year carryover 
-8,000 
45 E-6 SERIES 222,077 208,544 
Installation kit non-recurring growth (OSIP 003-04) -3,000 
Excess support growth (OSIP 003-04) -5,309 Installation 
kit non-recurring growth (OSIP 012-07) -3,000 
Training growth (OSIP 008-1 0) -424 APU kit cost growth 
(OSIP 002-12) -1,800 
46 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES 66,835 63,754 Excess support growth 
(OSIP 014-02) -3,081 
48 T -45 SERIES 114,887 105,267 
Main landing gear kit previously funded (OSIP 008-95) -169 
Installation previously funded (OSIP 008-95) -2,858 
Installation kits previously funded (OSIP 003-03) -2,602 Support 
carryover (OSIP 006-16) -3,991 49 
POWER PLANT CHANGES 16,893 14,893 Excess support growth 
-2,000 50 JPATS SERIES 17,401 
13,414 Aircraft retrofit kits previously funded 
(OSIP 007-16) -3,050 Installation 
cost growth (OSIP 007-16) -937 
51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT 143,773 140,773 
ALQ-214 kit cost growth (OSIP 004-12) -3,000 
52 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES 164,839 159,839 Excess cost growth 
-5,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1761 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 547 here eh08mr17.090rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
54 ID SYSTEMS 45,768 42,270 
Installation kit cost growth (OSIP 15-03) -3,498 55 
P-8 SERIES 18,836 18,036 
Prior year carryover -800 
56 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION 5,676 4,244 
ALQ-23(V)3 installation kits previously funded (OSIP 01 0-13) -1,432 58 RQ-7 
SERIES 3,534 1,534 
Prior year carryover -2,000 60 
F-35 STOVL SERIES 34,928 31,436 
Support carryover (OSIP 023-14) -3,492 
61 F-35 CV SERIES 26,004 21,833 
Support carryover (OSIP 016-14} -1,050 Support 
carryover (OSIP 024-14) -3,121 63 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 1,407,626 1,602,551 MQ-4 Triton spares excess to need 
-10,575 Program 
increase- spares and repair parts for the Marine Corps 205,500 
64 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT 390,103 365,282 
H-60S technology refresh upgrades contract delay -5,821 
Prior year carryover -19,000 
66 WAR CONSUMABLES 40,613 36,740 
BRU-66 unit cost growth -3,873 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1762 March 8, 2017 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1763 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 549 here eh08mr17.091rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
BALLISTIC MISSILES MODIFICATION 
OF MISSILES 
TRIDENT I I 
MODS ...................................... . 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
2 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ........................ . 
TOTAL, BALLISTIC MISSILES .......................... . 
OTHER MISSILES STRATEGIC MISSILES 
3 TOMAHAWK ............................................. . 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
4 AMRAAM ............................................... . 
5 SIDEWINDER ..................•......................... 
6 JSOW ................................................. . 
7 STANDARD MISSILE ..................................... . 
8 RAM .............................. , ................... . 9 
JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ..................... .. 
12 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITION .................. . 
13 AERIAL TARGETS ....................................... . 14 
OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT .............. , ................. . 
15 LRASM ................................................ . 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
16 ESSM ................................................. . 
18 HARM MOOS ............................................ . 
19 STANDARD MISSILES MODS ............................... . 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
20 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ........................ . 
21 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON ....................... . 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
22 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................•..... 
TOTAL, OTHER MISSILES .............................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1,103,086 
6, 776 1 '1 
09, 862 
186,905 
204,697 
70,912 
2.232 
501,212 
71,557 
26,200 
3,316 
137,484 
3,248 
29,643 
52,935 
178,213 
8' 164 
1 '964 
36' 723 
59,096 
------~ ........... --
1,574,501 FINAL 
BILL 
1,099,086 
6' 776 1 
'1 05' 862 
219,105 
197,263 
70,912 
2,232 
491,212 
71 '557 
21 '922 
3.316 
136,684 
3,248 
29,643 
50,817 
176,252 
8' 164 1 
'964 
33,723 
59,096 
----- --.. .. .. ---
1,577,110 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1764 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 550 here eh08mr17.092rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIPMENT 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
23 SSTD ................................................. . 
24 MK-48 TORPEDO ........................................ . 
2 5 ASW TARGETS .......................................... . 
26 MK-54 TORPEDO MODS ................................... . 
MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
27 MK-48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS ............................. . 
28 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ..................................... . 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
29 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................ . 
30 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ............ , ....................... . 
DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 
31 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ..................... . 
TOTAL, TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIPMENT., ........... . 
OTHER WEAPONS 
GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
32 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ............................... . 
MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
33 CIWS MODS ............................................ . 
34 COAST GUARD WEAPONS. . . . . . . . . ........................ . 
35 GUN MOUNT MODS ....................................... . 
36 LCS MODULE WEAPONS ................................... . 
37 CRUISER MODERNIZATION WEAPONS ........................ . 
38 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS. . . . ............ . 
TOTAL, OTHER WEAPONS ............................... . 
40 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .............................. . 
TOTAL. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
5,910 
44,537 
9,302 
98,092 
46. 139 
1, 236 
60,061 
3,706 
3,804 
272,787 
18,002 
50,900 
25,295 
77 '003 
2. 776 
15,753 
189. 729 
62,383 
3,209,262 FINAL 
BILL 
5,910 
43,037 
9. 106 
97,092 
461 139 
1 '236 
54,971 
3,706 
3,804 
265,001 
18,002 
50,900 
25,295 
77,003 
2' 776 
67,200 
13,753 
254,929 
62,383 
3,265,285 
:============ =;============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1765 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 551 here eh08mr17.093rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
(In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 
1 TRIDENT II MODS 
Excess program growth 3 
TOMAHAWK 
Tomahawk unit cost growth MK 14 canister unit cost growth 
Program increase 4 
AMRAAM 
Unit cost growth 7 STANDARD 
MISSILE ECP 
cost growth 9 
JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) Unit cost savings 13 
AERIAL TARGETS 
Other targets cost savings Excess support growth 16 
ESSM 
Excess program growth 18 HARM 
MODS 
Training equipment prior year carryover 
21 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON 
Ground system updates excess growth 24 MK-48 TORPEDO 
Excess program growth 25 
ASW TARGETS MK-39 targets unit cost growth 26 MK-54 
TORPEDO MODS 
Diminishing manufacturing sources excess growth 29 
TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
VLA kits excess growth 
F8100 contract delays 37 
CRUISER MODERNIZATION WEAPONS 
Transfer from SMOSF 
38 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS 
Contract 
delay 1,103,086 186,905 
204,697 501,212 26,200 
137,484 52,935 178,213 36,723 44,537 9,302 
98,092 60,061 
0 
15,753 Final Bill 
1,099,086 
-4,000 
219,105 
-22,000 -2,000 56,200 
197,263 -7,434 491,212 
-10,000 
21,922 -4,278 136,684 
-500 -300 50,817 
-2,118 176,252 -1,961 33,723 
-3,000 43,037 -1,500 
9,106 -196 97,092 
-1,000 
54,971 
-3,000 -2,090 67,200 67,200 
13,753 
-2,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1766 March 8, 2017 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1767 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 553 here eh08mr17.094rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MARINE CORPS 
PROC AMMO, NAVY NAVY 
AMMUNITION 
GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ................................ . 2 
AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .......................... . 
3 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ............................... . 4 
PRACTICE BOMBS ....................................... . 5 
CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ................... . 
6 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ....................... . 7 
JATO$ ................................................ . 9 5 
INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ............................. . 
10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION .................. . 
11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ............................ . 
12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ...................... . 
13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ........................... . 
14 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ...................... . 
TOTAL. PROC AMMO, NAVY ............................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
91 '659 65,759 
8' 152 
41 '873 
54,002 
57,034 2,735 
19,220 
30,196 
39,009 
46,727 
9,806 2,900 
--------
469,072 FINAL 
BILL 
91 '659 63,381 
8' 152 41,873 48,635 
56,609 
2,735 
17,620 28,096 46,209 
46,727 
9,806 2,900 
___ .. ,.. .. -·------
464,402 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1768 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 554 here eh08mr17.095rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEPROC AMMO, MARINE CORPS 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
15 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ................................ . 
1 7 40 MM, ALL TYPES ..................................... . 
1 8 60MM, ALL TYPES ...................................... . 
20 120MM, ALL TYPES ..................................... . 
21 GRENADES, ALL TYPES. . . . . ............................ . 
22 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
23 ARTILLERY. ALL TYPES ................................. . 
24 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................... . 
25 FUZE, ALL TYPES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...................... . 
27 AMMO MODERNIZATION ................................... . 
28 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ........................... . 
TOTAL, PROC AMMO, MARINE CORPS ..................... . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MARINE CORPS ..... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
27,958 14,758 
992 
16,757 
972 
14. 186 
68,656 
1 '700 
26,088 14,660 
8,569 
195,296 
664,368 FINAL 
BILL 
27,022 
1 3. 1 88 
992 
10,427 12,436 
64,906 
1 '700 20,640 
13,396 4,569 169,276 633,678 
===========~= =======~====== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1769 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 555 here eh08mr17.096rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars) 
P-1 Budget Request 2 
AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES 
APKWS product improvement and production engineering support growth 
5 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES 
CCU-107 impulse CTG previously funded MK-122 rockets unit cost growth MK-123 and MK-124 undersea! rocket motors contract delays 
Miscellaneous devices program growth 
6 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES 
ALE-55 unit cost growth 
9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION 
Renovation components previously funded 
10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION 
57MM MK 296 contract delay 
11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION 
Program increase 
15 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION 
Production engineering excess growth 
17 40 MM, ALL TYPES 
MK281 unit cost growth 
20 120MM, ALL TYPES 
Precision extended range munition developmental delay 
21 GRENADES, ALL TYPES 
Excess production engineering 
22 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES 
HX07 contract delay 
23 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES 
HE M795 previously funded 
25 FUZE, ALL TYPES 
Precision guided fuze unit cost savings Excess production engineering and 
ECP growth 
27 AMMO MODERNIZATION 
Program underexecution 
28 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 
Unobligated balances 65,759 
54,002 
57,034 19,220 30,196 39,009 
27,958 14,758 16,757 972 14,186 68,656 
26,088 14,660 
8,569 Final Bill 
63,381 
-2,378 
48,635 
-295 -367 -615 
-4,090 
56,609 
-425 
17,620 
-1,600 
28,096 
-2,100 
46,209 
7,200 
27,022 
-936 
13,188 
-1,570 
10,427 
-6,330 
0 
-972 
12,436 
-1 '750 
64,906 
-3,750 
20,640 
-4,320 
-1 '128 
13,396 
-1,264 
4,569 
-4,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1770 March 8, 2017 
SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1771 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 557 eh08mr17.097rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
SHIPBUILDING 
& CONVERSION, NAVY 
FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 
OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE ........................... . 
OTHER WARSHIPS 
2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM .......................... . 
3 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM (AP-CY) .................. . 
4 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE. ............................ . 
5 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE (AP-CY) ..................... . 
6 CVN REFUEL! NG OVERHAUL .............................. .. 
7 CVN REFUEL! NG OVERHAULS ( AP-CY) ...................... . 
8 DOG 1 000 ............................................. . 9 
DOG 51 ............................................... . 
11 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ................................. . 
TOTAL, OTHER WARSHIPS .............................. . 
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 
14 LPD-1 7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... 
16 LHA REPLACEMENT ..................................... . 
TOTAL, AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS ............................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
773' 138 
1,291,783 
1,370,784 
3,187,985 
1,767,234 
1,743,220 
248,599 
271 '756 
3,211,292 
1,125,625 
__ ..., .. .,. .. -~_w ___ 
14,218,278 
1,623,024 
--.. --... --.... ~ .. 
1,623,024 FINAL 
BILL 
773' 138 
1 ,255, 783 
1,370,784 
3,187,985 
1,852,234 
1 . 699' 1 20 
233,149 
271 . 756 
3,614,792 
1 1 563,692 
................ --------
15,049,295 
1 ,786' 000 
1,617,719 
---------~ . --
3,403,719 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1772 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 558 eh08mr17.098rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT, AND PRIOR-YEAR PROGRAM COSTS 
20 TAO FLEET OILER (AP-CY) ............................ . 
22 MOORED TRAINING SHIP ................................. . 
25 OUTFITTING ........................................... . 
26 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR .............................. . 
27 SERVICE CRAFT ........................................ . 
28 LCAC SLEP. . . ........................................ . 
29 YP CRAFT MAINTENANCE/ROH/SLEP ........................ . 
30 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ............... . 
31 POLAR ICEBREAKERS (AP) ............................... . 
TOTAL, AUXILIARIES, CRAFT, AND PRIOR-YEAR PROGRAM ... 
TOTAL, SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY ............. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
73,079 
624,527 
666' 158 
128,067 
65,192 
1 '774 
21 1 363 
160,274 
1,740,434 
18,354,874 FINAL 
BILL 
731079 
624,527 626,158 128,067 
65' 192 82,074 21,363 160,274 
1 50 1 000 
1,930,734 
21 '156' 886 
============= ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1773 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 559 eh08mr17.099rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM 
Excess cost growth Reduction in change orders growth 
5 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE (AP-CY) 
Program increase 
6 CVN REFUELING OVERHAUL 
C41SR cost growth Integrated communication network cost growth 
UCLASS early to need Aviation equipment and support cost growth 
ROAR cost growth 
7 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS (AP-CY) 
Other costs growth Basic plans growth Electronics cost growth 
9 DDG-51 
Program increase only for DDG-51 Flight I lA ship partially funded 
in fiscal year 2016 
Change orders reduction from two ships requested for fiscal year 2017 
11 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP 
Basic construction excess growth 
Other electronics cost growth 
Other costs excess growth 
Program increase -one additional ship 
14 LPD-17 
Program increase -additional funding to support LPD 29 Realignment 
of fiscal year 2016 funds to support LPD 29 
16 LHA REPLACEMENT 
Excess change orders 
25 OUTFITTING 
Outiftting and post delivery funds early to need 
28 LCAC SLEP 
Program increase 
31 POLAR ICEBREAKERS (AP) 
Program increase -advance procurement for the polar icebreaker recapitalization project 1,291,783 1,767,234 1,743,220 
248,599 
3,211,292 
1,125,625 
0 
1,623,024 666,158 1,774 
0 Final Bill 
1,255,783 
-20,000 -16,000 
1,852,234 
85,000 
1,699,120 
-7,500 -5,000 -26,700 -2,100 -2,800 
233,149 
-7,500 -4,300 -3,650 
3,614,792 
433,000 -29,500 
1,563,692 
-21,000 
-3,933 
-12,000 475,000 
1,786,000 
1,550,000 236,000 
1,617,719 
-5,305 
626,158 
-40,000 
82,074 
80,300 
150,000 
150,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1774 March 8, 2017 
DDG-51 FLIGHT IIA DESTROYERS  The Navy currently is procuring DDG–51 Flight IIA destroyers under a fiscal year 2013 to fiscal year 2017 multi-year procurement shipbuilding contract awarded in June 2013, as authorized by section 8010 of Public Law 113–6. Additionally, the Navy is addressing increasing ballistic and cruise missile threats through the development and acqui-sition of an Air and Missile Defense Radar, which is planned for integration on the DDG–51 class of ships through an engineering change proposal, resulting in a new Flight III configuration. However, a recent Govern-ment Accountability Office report (GAO 16– 613) details concerns regarding a lack of suf-ficient acquisition and limited detail design knowledge to support the Navy’s current Flight III procurement strategy. Further concerns remain regarding the full costs of DDG–51 Flight III destroyers. Therefore, the Secretary of the Navy should award and complete the additional DDG–51 ship, fully funded in fiscal years 2016 and 2017, as an ad-ditional DDG–51 Flight IIA ship. The Sec-retary of the Navy is directed to expedi-tiously award this ship construction con-tract. 
POLAR ICEBREAKER RECAPITALIZATION PROJECT  The Navy and the Coast Guard are collabo-rating to refine requirements and an acquisi-tion strategy for procurement of an afford-able polar icebreaker. This collaboration continues to refine program costs and re-quirements in an effort to award a detailed design and construction contract for the lead ship in fiscal year 2019. The agreement sup-ports this effort and provides $150,000,000 in advance procurement funding to buy long- lead time material for the program’s initial ship. The Coast Guard is encouraged to budg-et for follow-on efforts. OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1775 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 563 eh08mr17.100rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
SHIPS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 
3 SURFACE PO\~ER EQUIPMENT .............................. . 
4 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) ......................... . 
GENERATORS 
5 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ............................... . NAVIGATION 
EQUIPMENT 
6 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
PERISCOPES 
7 SUB PERISCOPES AND IMAGING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT PROGRAM .. 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
9 DDG MOD .............................................. . 
10 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ............................... . 
11 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ...................... . 12 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE 
...................................... . 
14 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT .......................... . 
15 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................... . 16 
VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT.. . . . . . . . ........... . 17 
LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT. . . . ..................... . 
18 SUBMARINE BATTERIES .................................. . 19 
LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................... . 
20 DOG-1 000 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
21 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ..................... . 
22 DSSP EQUIPMENT ....................................... . 
23 CRUISER MODERNIZATION ................................ . 
24 LCAC. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... 
25 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS .............................. . 
26 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ........................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1 5, 514 
40' 1 32 
29,974 
63,942 
136,421 
367,766 
14.743 
2, 140 
24,939 
20,191 
8,995 
66,838 
54,823 
23,359 
40,321 
33,404 
15,836 
806 
3,090 
24,350 
88,719 FINAL 
BILL 
15' 514 
35,933 
27,447 
62,971 
133,963 
364,614 
13,752 
2' 140 
22,768 
16,510 
8,995 
63,908 
43,819 
22,459 
33,992 
33,404 
14,571 
806 
248,820 
3,090 
24,350 
64,054 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1776 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 564 eh08mr17.101rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
27 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS ........................... . 
28 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ........................ . 
REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
30 REACTOR COMPONENTS ................................... . 
OCEAN ENGINEERING 
31 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ......................... . 
SHALL BOATS 
32 STANDARD BOATS ...................................... . 
PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 
34 OPERATING FORCES IPE ................................. . 
OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 
35 NUCLEAR ALTERATIONS .................................. . 
36 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT .....•.•.•........ 
37 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ............................. . 
38 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES .............................. . 
39 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ..... , ........................ . 
LOGISTICS SUPPORT 
41 LSD MIDLIFE .......................................... . 
TOTAL. SHIPS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..................... . 
COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT 
SHIP SONARS 
42 SPQ · 98 RADAR ......................................... . 
43 AN/SQQ-89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ..................... . 
45 SSN ACOUSTICS EQUIPMENT .............................. . 
46 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
2,873 
6,043 
342,158 
8,973 
43,684 
75,421 
172,718 27,840 
57,146 
31,952 
22,466 
10,813 
1,878,390 
14' 363 
90,029 
248,765 
7 '163 FINAL 
BILL 
2,873 
4,543 342,158 
8,176 
59,033 71,921 
172,718 
15,670 
29,724 
21,064 
10,813 
1,996,573 
10,376 
87,824 
268,765 
7,163 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1777 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 565 eh08mr17.102rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
48 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ... ,, ............... . 
49 SSTD ................................................. . 
50 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ............................ . 
51 SURTASS .............................................. . 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 
53 ANISLQ-32 ............................................ . 
RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 
54 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ................................. . 
55 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ................ . 
OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
57 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY .................... . 
59 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ........ . 
60 ATOLS ............................................. · . · · 
61 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ............... . 
62 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ...................... . 
63 SHALLOW WATER MCM ........................... , ........ . 
64 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ........................ . 
65 ARMED FORCES RADIO AND TV, ........................... . 
66 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ..................... . 
AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
69 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ................................. . 
70 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ................................. . 
76 ID SYSTEMS ........................................... . 
77 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ....................... . 
80 TACTICAL/MOBILE C41 SYSTEMS .......................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
21 '291 
6,893 
145,701 
36' 136 
274,892 
170,733 
958 
22,034 
12,336 
30.105 
4,556 56,675 8,875 
12,752 
4,577 
8,972 
75,068 
33,484 
22,177 
14.273 
27,927 FINAL 
BILL 
21 '291 
6,893 145' 
701 
33,743 
244,001 169,021 
764 
17,965 
12,336 
27,921 
4,556 
35,444 8,875 
71701 
4,577 
8,972 
71,892 
32,011 
22,177 
13,910 
24,178 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1778 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 566 eh08mr17.103rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
81 DCGS·N ............................................... . 
82 CANES ............................................... . 
83 RADIAC. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............ . 
84 CANES~ INTELL ......................................... . 
85 GPETE ................................................ . 
87 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY .................... . 
88 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION .......................... . 
89 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ........................... . 
SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 
90 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS .................... . 
91 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION ....................... . 
92 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ....................... . 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 
93 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT .......................... . 
94 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT .................... . 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
95 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .................... . 
96 NAVY MUL TIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ........................ . 
SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 
97 JCS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ......................... . 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 
99 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ................. . 
100 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM .......................... . 
CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 
101 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ..................... . 
OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 
102 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ................................ . 
TOTAL, COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT ..... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
12,676 
212,030 
8,092 
36,013 
6,428 
8,376 
3. 971 
58,721 
17' 366 
102,479 
10,403 
34' 151 
64,529 
14,414 
38,365 
4,156 85,694 
920 
21,098 
32,291 
.......... __ ,.. .......... --
2,122,908 FINAL 
BILL 
11 • 61 0 
207,730 
8,092 
35,313 
6,428 
8,376 
3. 971 
47,664 
10,383 
101.087 
10,403 
31,459 
62,879 
14,414 
33,992 
4' 156 
93,205 
920 
21,098 32,291 
-. ............... --........ -.. 
2,033,528 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1779 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 567 eh08mr17.104rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEAVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
SONOBUOYS (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
103 SONOBUOYS -ALL TYPES ................................ . 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
104 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................... . 
105 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
106 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ............................. . 
107 OTHER PHOTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT (DCRS/DPL) .............. . 
108 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES ........................ . 
109 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
TOTAL. AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................. . 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 
110 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
111 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ....................... . 
112 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
113 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ...................... , 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
114 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................... . 
115 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................ . 
OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
116 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .................... . 
117 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ........................... . 
OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 
118 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ....................... . 
120 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
TOTAL, ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1 62. 588 
58,116 
120' 324 
29,253 
632 
29,097 
39,099 
.......... -,.. -........ --... 
439,109 
6. 191 
320,446 
71,046 
215,138 
130,715 
26.431 
11 '821 
6,243 
48,020 
97,514 
.. ... .. .. -... -....... -.... 
933,565 FINAl 
BILL 
158,588 
58.116 
115,551 
29,253 
632 
27,542 29,528 
.............. __ ,. .. ___ 
419,210 
6.191 
307,446 
67,062 
215' 1 38 
130,715 
26,431 
11,821 
6,243 
46,746 
87' 714 
........ -.......... -............. 
905,507 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1780 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 568 eh08mr17.105rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
121 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .......................... . 
122 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ............................... . 
123 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ..................... . 
124 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .............................. . 1 
25 TACTICAL VEHICLES .................................... . 
126 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPM,NT ................................. . 
127 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT .......................... . 
128 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ............................... . 
129 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ........................... . 
TOTAL, CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......... . 
SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
131 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ..................................... . 
133 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ..................... . 
134 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ....................... . 
TOTAL, SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
8,853 
4,928 
18,527 
13,569 
14.917 
7,676 
2,321 
12,459 
1,095 
84,345 
16,023 
5.115 
295,471 
316,609 FINAL 
BILL 
8,853 
4,794 
18,527 
13,569 13,824 
7,676 
2,321 8,436 
1 '095 
79,095 
16,023 
5.115 
295,471 
316,609 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1781 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 569 eh08mr17.106rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS} 
PERSONNEL AND COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
TRAINING DEVICES 
136 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ...... . 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
137 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......... . 
139 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........... . 
141 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................... . 
142 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................... . 
143 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ...................................... . 
144 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................... . 
i 45 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT....... . ................. . 
146 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .................... . 
150 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ............. . 
TOTAL, PERSONNEL AND COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .... . 
151 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .............................. . 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................... . 
TOTAL, OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ..................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
9,504 37. 
180 
4! 128 
1 1925 
4' 777 
9,073 
21 '107 
100,906 
67,544 
98,216 
.,. ... -., ... -. . -. 
354,360 199,660 9,915 
6,338,861 . FINAL 
BILL 
6,347 29,980 
11 '959 
1.925 
4. 777 
9,073 19,439 
100,906 
66,200 
98,216 
.... ~ ... --------
348,822 
199,660 
9,915 
6,308,919 ----------------------------------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1782 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 570 eh08mr17.107rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 4 
HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) 
Installation early to need 
5 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E 
Ship control systems unit cost growth Excess installation 
6 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
Surface AN/WSN-9 excess installation 
8 SUB PERISCOPES, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG 
ISIS technical insertion NRE growth 
9 DDG MOD 
Wireless communications installation early to need 
AWS upgrade kit cost growth 
VLS upgrades engineering services excess growth 
10 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
EEBD prior year carryover Magazine sprinkling improvement prior year carryover Firefighter access kits 
early to need 
12 LHAILHD MIDLIFE 
Brush less generator for PMP installation early to need 
HESC engineering services excess growth 
14 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT 
HF062 lightering systems unit cost growth 
HF031 pollution control equipment field changes (expeditionary warfare) previously funded 
16 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
Ship control system modernization backfit excess installation 
17 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
MT-30 gas turbine engine unit cost growth Prior year carryover 
18 SUBMARINE BATTERIES 
OHIO class main storage battery previously funded 
19 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
HM&E electrical upgrades kits unit cost growth 
Installation funding early to need due to contract delays 
21 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP 
Equipment HM&E SWS/SS alteration previously funded 
23 CG MODERNIZATION 
Transfer from SMOSF 40,132 
29,974 63,942 136,421 367,766 
14,743 
24,939 
20,191 
66,838 
54,823 
23,359 
40,321 
15,836 
0 Final Bill 
35,933 
-4,199 
27,447 
-2,180 
-347 
62,971 
-971 
133,963 
-2,458 
364,614 
-796 
-1,500 
-856 
13,752 
-262 -255 -474 
22,768 
-1,000 
-1,171 
16,510 
-850 
-2,831 
63,908 
-2,930 
43,819 
-10,000 -1,004 
22,459 
-900 
33,992 
-1,463 -4,866 
14,571 
-1,265 
248,820 
248,820 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1783 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 571 eh08mr17.108rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
26 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 88,719 64,054 Propellers 
and shafts unit cost growth -849 
Training test equipment unjustified request -3,800 
LHD/LHA davits excess installation -790 JSF 
support prior year carryover -838 Machinery plant upgrades installation early to need -6,135 
LSD boat davit installation early to need -2,153 
PCMS excess to need -10,100 
28 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM 6,043 4,543 
Prior year carryover -1,500 
31 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT 8,973 8,176 Contaminated water diving equipment unit cost growth -213 Submarine support system unit cost growth -584 32 
STANDARD BOATS 43,684 59,033 Prior 
year carryover -1,051 Program 
increase 16,400 
34 OPERATING FORCES IPE 75,421 71,921 Shipyard capital investment program excess growth 
-3,500 
36 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT 27,840 15,670 
Mission bay training devices excess growth -12,170 
37 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES 57,146 29,724 ALMDS unit cost growth -4,822 Unmanned surface sweep system early to need 
-11,800 
Knifefish early to need -10,800 
38 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES 31,952 0 ASW 
mission module early to need -31,952 
39 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES 22,466 21,064 
MK-46 gun weapons system prior year contract savings -1,402 
42 SPQ-9B RADAR 14,363 10,376 AN/SPQ-9B 
engineering change proposals contract delays -3,636 AN/SPQ-98 radar 
FMP kit cost growth -351 
43 AN/SQQ-89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM 90,029 87,824 Flight 
1/11 upgrade installation funding early to need -2,205 
45 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT 248,765 268,765 
Program increase 20,000 
51 SURTASS 36,136 33,743 Integrated common processor kit cost growth -2,393 53 
AN/SLQ-32 274,892 244,001 
Block 3 excess support -4,270 
Block 3T installation prior year carryover -2,981 Block 2 unit cost growth 
-2,640 
Block 3 concurrency -21,000 
54 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT 170,733 169,021 
Increment F kit cost growth -1,712 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1784 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 572 eh08mr17.109rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
55 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) 958 764 
AIS procurement unit cost growth -194 
57 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY 22,034 17,965 
SOP processor backfits prior year carryover -755 Common array block antenna prior year carryover -3,314 
60 ATDLS 30,105 27,921 Installation funding early to need -2,184 62 
MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT 56,675 35,444 
SSQ-94 trainer excess growth -916 
MSF measurement system upgrade excess growth -4,518 Knifefish early to need 
-11,807 
Unmanned influence sweep system trainers early to need -3,990 
64 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) 12,752 7,701 NAVWAR 
kit cost growth -5,051 
69 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT 75,068 71,892 
AN/FPN-63 par tech refresh kit cost growth -3,176 
70 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT 33,484 32,011 Production 
engineering excess growth -1,473 77 NAVAL 
MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS 14,273 13,910 JMPS-M 
flight planning seat unit cost growth -363 
80 TACTICAL/MOBILE C41 SYSTEMS 27,927 24,178 
MTOC kit cost growth -2,986 Excess 
installation -763 
81 DCGS-N 12,676 11,610 OCGS-N 
tech refresh kit cost growth -526 Excess installation 
-540 
82 CANES 212,030 207,730 
Installation funding early to need 
-4,300 
84 CANES-INTELL 36,013 35,313 Installation funding early to need 
-700 
89 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 58,721 47,664 Calibration standards unit cost growth -1,798 DBR engineering change proposals excess growth -5,259 
AN/SPS-48G radar excess installation -4,000 90 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS 
17,366 10,383 
DMR JW and MUOS waveforms upgrade kits previously funded -5,869 Installation funding early to need -1,114 
91 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION 102,479 101,087 Shore 
tactical assured command and control kit cost growth -1,392 93 
SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT 34,151 31,459 
TACAMO unit cost growth -2,692 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1785 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 573 eh08mr17.110rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
94 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT 64,529 62,879 
Reliability improvements unit cost growth -1,650 
96 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) 38,365 33,992 Afloat sub kit cost growth -1,319 Ashore excess 
installation -3,054 
99 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM {ISSP) 85,694 93,205 
Key management ashore previously funded -2,489 Program increase 
10,000 103 
SONOBUOYS- ALL TYPES 162,588 158,588 Unit cost growth 
-4,000 105 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 120,324 
115,551 Lighting engineering change proposals excess growth -1,118 Blk 
1/ISNS kits excess installation -751 
SRQ(KU)-4 kit cost growth -2,904 108 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES 29,097 
27,542 Modifications unjustified growth -1,555 
109 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 39,099 29,528 EPUK HW/SW excess growth 
-861 
JHMCS night vision unit cost growth -1 '172 Program delay -7,538 
111 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 320,446 307,446 AEGIS 
training and readiness center upgrade early to need -8,000 NATO 
seasparrow previously funded -5,000 
112 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 71,046 67,062 TTWCS 
product improvement previously funded -3,984 118 
SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS 48,020 46,746 Navigation training unjustified growth -1,274 
120 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT 97,514 87,714 Unjustified growth 
-5,000 
BFFT ship sets previously funded -4,800 
122 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS 4,928 4,794 Truck unit cost growth -134 125 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 14,917 13,824 JL 
TV unit cost savings -1,093 
128 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION 12,459 8,436 
Prior year carryover 
-4,023 
136 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT 9,504 6,347 Lifecycle management unit cost growth -363 
Ballistic missile defense unit cost growth -2,794 137 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 37,180 29,980 CNIC 
building control systems unjustified request -7,200 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1786 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 574 eh08mr17.111rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 
139 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
Program increase -expeditionary medical facilities 
144 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
Master clock systems unit cost growth 
Integrated sub bottom profiler unit cost growth 
146 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
Telephony replacement excess installation Budget Request 4,128 
21,107 
67,544 Final Bill 
11,959 
7,831 
19,439 
-879 -789 
66,200 
-1,344 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1787 March 8, 2017 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1788 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 576 eh08mr17.112rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE1 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
AAV7A1 PIP ............................ . 2 
LAV PIP .............................................. . 
ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 
3 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM .................... . 4 
155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ..................... . 5 
HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ................ . 
6 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ......... . 
OTHER SUPPORT 
7 MODIFICATION KITS .................................... . 
8 WEAPONS ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM .......................... . 
TOTAL, WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES ................. . 
GUIDED MISSILES AND EQUIPMENT 
GUIDED MISSILES 
9 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ............................. . 
10 JAVELIN .............................................. . 
11 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW .................................... . 
12 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS·H) ............. . 
TOTAL, GUIDED MISSILES AND EOUIPHENT ............... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
73,785 
53,423 
3,360 
3,318 
33,725 
8 1 1 81 
15,250 
.. .. ... '"' ... k ....... - -.... 
191 '042 
9' 170 
1 1009 
24,666 
17,080 
51,925 FINAL 
BILL 
69,785 
48,219 
31360 
3,318 
31 . 189 
7 1 191 
15,250 
1. 000 
.. ................. -"' ......... 
179,292 
9' 170 
1 ,009 
22,918 
17,080 
50.177 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1789 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 577 eh08mr17.113rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
15 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYS .............. . 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
16 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ............................ . 
COMMAND AND CONTROL 
19 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COHH & ELEC) ................. . 
20 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ............................ , 
RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL} 
21 RADAR SYSTEMS ........................................ . 
22 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR ....................... . 
23 RQ-21 UAS ............................................ . 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
24 GCSS·MC .............................................. . 
25 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM .................................. . 
26 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ....................... . 
29 RQ-11 UAV ............................................ . 
31 OCGS-MC .............................................. . 
32 UAS PAYLOADS ......................................... . 
OTHER COMM/ELEC EQUIPMENT {NON-TEL) 
34 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN} ......... , .. . 
OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 
35 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ............................ . 
36 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ................................. . 
37 RADIO SYSTEMS ........................................ . 
38 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ..................... . 
39 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT ................... . 
TOTAL, COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT ..... 
SUPPORT VEHICLES 
ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
41 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ............................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
47,312 
16,469 
7,433 
15,917 
17,772 
123,758 
80,217 
1,089 
13,258 
56,379 
1 '976 
1 '149 
2,971 
76,302 
41,802 
90,924 
43' 714 
68,383 
30,229 
735,054 
88,312 FINAL 
BILL 
52,487 
14,469 
6,839 
15,917 
17,772 
122,693 78,217 
1 ,089 
13,258 
51 '213 1 
'976 
1 1 149 
2,971 
68,083 
38,802 
90,924 
43,714 62,383 
30,229 
714,185 
84,812 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1790 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 578 eh08mr17.114rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
43 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ........................ . 
45 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ......................... . 
46 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS .......................... . 
TOTAL, SUPPORT VEHICLES ............................ . 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
48 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT ... , ............... . 
50 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ................................ . 
51 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED ............................. . 
52 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................... . 
53 EOO SYSTEMS .......................................... . 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
54 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT .......................... . 
GENERAL PROPERTY 
58 TRAINING DEVICES ..................................... . 
60 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ..................... . 
61 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEHICLE (ITV) ..... 
OTHER SUPPORT 
62 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ........................... . 
TOTAL, ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT ................ . 
64 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ............................. . 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
13.292 
113' 230 
2.691 
217,525 
18 
78 
17 t 973 
7' 371 
14 t 021 
31,523 
33,658 
21.315 
9,654 
6,026 
__ .,. .. _,._,. ___ ,...,.. 
141,637 22,848 2,738 
1,362,769 FINAL 
BILL 
13,292 
104,230 
2. 691 
205,025 
17,973 
7,371 
14.021 
24,582 33,658 
20,278 
9,282 
6,026 
.. _________ .., ___ 
133,191 
22.848 
2,738 
1,307,456 
=========~=~= ===========~== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1791 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 579 eh08mr17.115rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 
1 AAV7A1 PIP 
Excess program growth 2 
LAV PIP 
Unit cost savings Program management support excess growth Training devices prior year carryover 5 
HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM 
Unit cost growth 6 
WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION 
Unjustified growth 8 
WEAPONS ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM 
Program increase 
11 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW 
Unjustified growth 15 
COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYS 
Unit cost growth Program increase 16 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
Lack of budget justification materials 19 
ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) 
Unjustified growth 22 
GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR Excess engineering change orders 
23 RQ-21 UAS 
Inconsistent budget justification 
26 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
Software enhancement unjustified growth 34 NEXT 
GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) Unjustified growth 35 
COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES Prior 
year carryover 38 
COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS Program 
execution 
41 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES 
Excess program growth 45 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 
Test support unjustified growth 73,785 53,423 33,725 8,181 0 
24,666 47,312 16,469 7,433 123,758 
80,217 
56,379 76,302 
41,802 
66,383 88,312 113,230 Final Bill 
69,785 
-4,000 
48,219 
-3,024 
-964 -1,216 31,169 -2,556 7,191 
-990 1,000 1,000 
22,918 -1,748 52,487 -825 
6,000 
14,469 
-2,000 
6,839 -594 122,693 
-1,065 
78,217 
-2,000 
51,213 
-5,166 
68,083 
-8,219 38,802 
-3,000 
62,383 
-4,000 
84,812 
-3,500 104,230 -9,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1792 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 580 eh08mr17.116rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 
48 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT 
Unjustified request 
50 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS 
Unjustified request 54 
PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT Collateral 
equipment early to need 
60 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
Garrison mobile engineering equipment excess growth 
61 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEHICLE (lTV) 
Testing and FDT excess growth Budget Request 
18 78 31,523 21,315 9,654 Final Bill 
0 
-18 
0 
-78 24,582 -6,941 20,278 
-1,037 
9,282 -372 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1793 March 8, 2017 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1794 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 582 eh08mr17.117rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
TACTICAL FORCES 
F-35 ................................................. . 
2 F-3 5 ( AP-CY) ......................................... . 
TOTAL. COMBAT AIRCRAFT ............................. . 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
OTHER AIRLIFT 
3 KC-46A TANKER ........................................ . 
4 C-130J ............................................... . 
6 HC -130J .............................................. . 
7 HC -1 30J ........................................... · · · · 
8 MC ·130J .............................................. . 
9 MC-130J (AP) ......................................... . 
TOTAL, AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT ............................ . 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
HELICOPTERS 
1 0 UH-1 N REPLACEMENT .................................... . 
MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 
12 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ................................ . 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
13 TARGET DRONES ........................................ . 
14 RQ-4 UAV ............................................. . 
15 MQ-9 .......................... · .... · · ·. · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · BUDGET 
REQUEST 
4,401,894 
404,500 4,806,394 
2,884,591 
145.655 
317' 576 
20,000 
548,358 
50,000 
......... ________ ..,. 
3,966,180 
18,337 
2,637 
114 '656 
12,966 
122,522 FINAL 
BILL 
4,602,894 
404,500 
5,007,394 
2,567,191 
305.655 
317,576 
20,000 
499,358 
50,000 
.,. __ ........... _____ ..... 
3,759,780 
93,337 
10,337 
114,656 
7,217 
122,522 
15X COMPASS CALL. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 03, 000 
TOTAL, OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................. . 271,118 451,069 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1795 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 583 eh08mr17.118rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
MODIFICATION OF INSERVICE AIRCRAFT 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 
16 8-2A ..........................................•.••.... 
17 B-1B ....................•..•.......................... 
18 8-52 ........................•............ ···•·•······· 
TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 
20 A-10 .............................................. · · · · 
21 F-15 ................................................. . 
22 F-16 ................................................. . 
23 F-22A ................................................ . 
24 F-35 MODIFICATIONS ................................... . 
25 INCREMENT 3. 2b ....................................... . 
26 INCREHENT 3. 2b (AP-CY) ............................... . 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
27 C-5 .................................................. . 
29 C-17A ................................................ . 
30 C-21 ................................................. . 
31 C-3 2A ......................•.......................... 
32 C-37A ................................................ . 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
33 GLIDER MOOS .......................................... . 
34 T6 ................................................... . 
35 T -1 ............................................... · · · . 
36 T-38. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............. · · · BUDGET 
REQUEST 
46,729 
116,319 
109,020 
1,289 
105,685 
97,331 
163.008 
175,811 
76,410 
2,000 
241 192 
21,555 
5,439 
35,235 
5,004 
394 
121765 
25,073 
45,090 FINAL 
BILL 
46,729 
116,319 
109.020 
1,289 
145,405 
113,231 
146,008 
115,811 
76,410 
2,000 
24,192 
17 t 455 
439 
30,235 
5,004 
394 
12,765 
13,373 
33.590 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1796 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 584 eh08mr17.119rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
3 7 U-2 MODS ............................ . 
38 KC-10A (ATCA) ...................................... . 
39 C-12 ................................................. . 
40 VC- MOD. . . . . . . .. , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
41 c-40. . . . . . . . . ...... ' ...... ' . ' .. ' ... ' ' ........ ' ...... . 
42 C-130 
43 C130J MODS ........................................... . 
44 C-135 ........................................... . 
45 COMPASS CALL MODS .......... , ......................... . 
46 RC-135 .............................................. . 
47 E-3 .. , ............................................. . 
48 E-4. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............................. . 
49 E-8 ................................................. . 
50 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM .................. . 
51 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ............. . 
52 H -1 ........... , ................................ , ..... . 
54 H-60 ................... . 
55 RQ-4 UAV MODS ....................................... . 
56 HC/MC-130 MODIFICATIONS ............................. . 
57 OTHER AIRCRAFT ....................................... . 
59 MQ-9 MOOS .......... . 
60 CV-22 MODS .......................................... . 
TOTAL, MODIFICATION OF INSERVICE AIRCRAFT .......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
36,074 
4,570 
1,995 
102,670 
13,984 
9' 168 
89,424 
64' 161 
130,257 
211,438 
82,786 
53,348 
6,244 
223,427 
4,673 
9,007 
91,357 
32,045 30,767 
33,886 
141,929 
63,395 
,.. _____ ........ __ 
2,504,954 FINAL 
BILL 
36,074 
4,570 
1,995 
102,670 
1 3' 984 
106,668 
89,424 
64' 161 
130,257 
211,438 
82,786 
53,348 
25,944 
223,427 
4,673 
9,007 
86,357 
32,045 
30,767 
33,886 
149,929 
63,395 
... ........... ___ """"-""'"'"· 
2,566,474 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1797 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 585 eh08mr17.120rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
61 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS .......................... . 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES 
COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
62 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ................... . 
POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 
6 3 B · 2A ................................................. . 
64 8·2A ................................................. . 
65 B-52 ................................................. . 
66 C-17A ................................................ . 
69 F-15 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT ......................... . 
70 F-16 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT ......................... . 
71 F·22A ................................................ . 
72 RQ-4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES ......................... . 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 
75 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .............................. . 
WAR CONSUMABLE$ 
76 WAR CONSUMABLE$. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................. . 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
77 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ............ , ................ . 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES .... 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS.. . . . . . .......................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
686,491 
121 '935 
154 
43,330 
28. 125 
23,559 
2,980 
15. 155 
48,505 
99 
14. 126 
120,036 
1,252,824 
_ ... -~ ..... ---.......... 
1 '670. 828 
16,952 FINAL 
BILL 
834,691 48,935 
154 
43,330 
28. 1 25 
83,859 
2.980 28.190 
48,505 
99 
14.126 
120,036 
1 f 198. 924 
___ ........ ..,.,.. __ .......... 
1, 617' 263 
16,952 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............ ,. 13,922,9,7 14,253,623 ------------------------------------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1798 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 586 eh08mr17.121rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[in thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request F-35 
Program increase • five aircraft 
Program efficiencies 
Prior year carryover 
3 KC-46 
Program excess Air Force requested transfer to 
line 61 for initial spares 
4 C-130J 
Program increase -two additional aircraft for Air National Guard 
8 MC-130J 
Excess due to multiyear savings 
10 UH-1N REPLACEMENT 
Program increase 
12 CIVIL AIR PATROL (CAP) AIRCRAFT 
Program increase 
14 RQ-4 
Excess other production support 
15X COMPASS CALL 
Program increase 
21 F-15 
Cost efficiencies 
Program increase-F-15E AESA radars 
22 F-16 
Program increase - fully fund AESA radar upgrades 
23 F-22A 
RAMMP kits unit cost growth 
24 F-35 MODIFICATIONS 
Prior year carryover 
29 C-17A 
Program management growth 
30 C-21 
Unobligated balances 
31 C-32 
Prior year carryover 
35 T-1 
Production schedule slip 
36 T-38 
Pacer Classic installs ahead of need 4,401,894 
2,884,591 145,655 548,358 18,337 2,637 12,966 
0 
105,685 
97,331 
163,008 
175,811 21,555 5,439 35,235 
25,073 45,090 Final Bill 4,602,894 
495,000 -96,000 -198,000 
2,567,191 
-167,200 -150,200 
305,655 
160,000 
499,358 
-49,000 
93,337 
75,000 
10,337 
7,700 
7,217 
-5,749 
103,000 
103,000 
145,405 
-5,280 45,000 
113,231 
15,900 
146,008 
-17,000 
115,811 
-60,000 
17,455 
-4,100 
439 
-5,000 
30,235 
-5,000 
13,373 
-11,700 
33,590 
-11,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1799 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 587 eh08mr17.122rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
42 C-130 9,168 106,668 Program 
increase -eight-blade propeller upgrade 16,000 Program 
increase electronic propeller control system 13,500 Program 
increase in-flight propeller balancing system 1,500 Program 
increase -engine enhancement program 41,500 Program 
increase -C-130H modernization 25,000 
49 E-8 6,244 25,944 
Program increase PME-DMS 19,700 
54 H-60 91,357 86,357 Gun replacement 
-5,000 
59 MQ-9 MODS 141,929 149,929 Unjustified request 
-12,000 Program 
increase -wide-area sensors 20,000 
61 INITIAL SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 686,491 834,691 MQ-9 spares underexecution 
-13,000 
Air Force requested transfer from line 3 for KC-46 initial spares 150,200 
Air Force requested transfer from line 62 for initial spares to support C-17 base conversions 
11,000 
62 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 121,935 48,935 Air Force requested transfer to 
lines 61 and 66 to support C-17 base conversions 
-73,000 
66 C-17 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 23,559 83,859 
Prior year carryover -1,700 
Air Force requested transfer from line 62 for peculiar support equipment to support C-17 base conversions 
20,000 
Air Force requested transfer from line 62 for common support equipment to support 
C-17 base conversions 42,000 70 
~16POSTPRODUCTIONSUPPORT 15,155 28,190 Program 
increase- F-16 mission training center simulators 24,800 
Excess production line shutdown costs -11,765 77 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 1,252,824 1,198,924 
Prior year carryover for unclassified programs -34,000 
Transfer to RDTE,AF line 999 for classified programs -19,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1800 March 8, 2017 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1801 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 589 eh08mr17.123rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
BALliSTIC MISSILES 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT · BALLISTIC 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EO-BALLISTIC ..................... . 
OTHER MISSILES 
TACTICAL 
2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE {JASSM} ........... . 
3 LONG RANGE ANTI-SHIP MISSILE (LRASMO) ................ . 
4 SIDEWINDER (AII1-9X) .................................. . 
5 AMRAAM ............................................... . 
6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE ............................ . 
7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .................................. . 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 
8 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS/POLLUTION PREVENTION ......... . 
TOTAL. OTHER MISSILES .............................. . 
MODIFICATION OF INSERVICE MISSILES 
CLASS IV 
9 ICBM FUZE MOO ........................................ . 
10 MM III MODIFICATIONS ................................. . 
11 AGM·65D MAVERICK ..................................... . 
13 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE ... , ........................ . 
14 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .................................. . 
TOTAL, MODIFICATION OF INSERVICE MISSILES ......... . 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
15 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ........................ . 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS 
30 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS .............................. . 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 
TOTAL, MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............. . BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
70,247 
431,645 
59,511 
127,438 
350 t 144 
33.955 
92,361 
977 
_ ................. -..... 
1,096,031 
17 '095 
68,692 
282 
21.762 
15,349 
1231 180 
81,607 
46. 125 
1,009,431 
2' 426' 621 
============= 50,247 
431,645 
59,511 
127.438 
337.844 
33,955 
92,361 
977 
-.... -.... "' .......... --
1,083,731 
17,095 
68.692 
282 
21,762 
15,349 
123. 180 
70,607 
46' 125 
974,231 
2,348,121 ----------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1802 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 590 eh08mr17.124rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 
5 15 999 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
Budget Request 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT -BALLISTIC 70,247 
TERP program delays AMRAAM 
350,144 
Pricing adjustment 
INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS 81,607 
Unjustified growth 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 1,009,431 
Classified adjustment Final Bill 
50,247 
-20,000 
337,844 
-12,300 
70,607 
-11,000 
974,231 
-35,200 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1803 March 8, 2017 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1804 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 592 eh08mr17.125rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
1 ADVANCED EHF ......................................... . 2 
AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ............................. . 3 
COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ................................. . 4 
FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ............. . 5 
WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES ........................ . 6 
GPS I I I SPACE SEGMENT ................................ . 
7 GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) ........................... . 8 
SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COHSEC) ............................ . 9 
GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) ........................... . 
10 MILSATCOM ............................................ . 
11 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH INFRASTRUCTURE (SPACE) .. 
12 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH {SPACE) ................ . 
13 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) .................................... . 
14 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM SPACE ......................... . 1 5 
SPACE MODS SPACE ..................................... . 
16 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ......................... . 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
17 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS .......................... . 
TOTAL, SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
645,569 
42.375 
26,984 
88,963 
86,272 
34,059 
2' 169 
46,708 
13' 171 
41,799 
768,586 
737,853 
362,504 
4,395 
8,642 
123,088 
22,606 
3,055,743 FINAL 
BILL 
645,569 
37,375 
26,984 
88,963 
48,772 
34,059 
2' 169 
31,708 
10. 171 
41,799 
716,586 
536,853 
357,504 
4,395 
8,642 
121,088 
20,606 
2,733,243 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1805 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 593 eh08mr17.126rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
2 AIR FORCE SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK 42,375 37,375 
Unjustified request -5,000 
5 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES 86,272 48,772 
Prior year carryover -7,500 COMSATCOM 
Pathfinder 3-transfer to RDTE,AF line 82 -30,000 
8 SPACEBORNE EQUIPMENT 46,708 31,708 
Unjustified request -15,000 
9 GLOBAL POSITIONING SATELLITES SPACE AND CONTROL 13,171 10,171 
Unjustified support services and launch and checkout growth -3,000 
11 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY 768,586 716,586 
Change to acquisition strategy -52,000 
12 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE 737,853 536,853 
Change to acquisition strategy -201,000 
13 SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEMS 362,504 357,504 
Prior year carryover -5,000 
16 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM 123,088 121,088 
Unjustified request -2,000 
17 SPARE AND REPAIR PARTS 22,606 20,606 
Unjustified request -2,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1806 March 8, 2017 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1807 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 595 eh08mr17.127rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, AIR FORCE 
ROCKETS ............................................ ·. · 
2 CARTRIDGES ........................................... . 
BOMBS 
3 PRACTICE BOMBS .... , ................................ , .. 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ................................ . 
5 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) .................... . 
6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ......................... . 
FLARE, IR MJU-78 
7 CAD/PAO .............................................. . 
8 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) .................... . 
9 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .............................. . 
10 MODIFICATIONS ........................................ . 
11 ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 ........................... . 
FUZES 
12 FLARES ............................................... . 
13 FUZES ................................................ . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, AIR FORCE .............. . 
WEAPONS 
14 SMALL ARMS ........................................... . 
TOTAL. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ........ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
18.734 
220,237 
97' 106 
581,561 
3,600 
303,988 
38,890 
5, 714 
740 
573 
5,156 
134,709 
229,252 
_____ .., ... _____ ,... 
1,640,260 
37,459 
1,677. 719 FINAL 
BILL 
18,734 
224,237 
97' 106 501,561 
3,600 
291,488 
38,890 
5. 714 740 
573 
5' 156 
134,709 
229,252 
.,. ___ .. ,... ................ _ 
1,551,760 
37,459 
1,589,219 
============= ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1808 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 596 eh08mr17.128rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 
2 CARTRIDGES 
PGU-48 unit cost Program increase -PGU-27 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS 
BLU-134 ahead of need 
6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION (JDAM) 
Unit cost pricing adjustment 220,237 581,561 303,988 Final bill 
224,237 
-2,000 6,000 
501,561 
-80,000 
291,488 
-12,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1809 March 8, 2017 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1810 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 598 eh08mr17.129rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
VEHICULAR EQUIPMENT 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLE ........................... . 
CARGO + UTILITY VEHICLES 
2 FAMILY MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ....................... . 3 
CAP VEHICLES ......................................... . 4 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (CARGO) .......................... . 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 
5 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ....................... . 6 
ITEMS LESS TH~N $5M (SPECIAl) ........................ . 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
7 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ................. . 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
8 ITEMS LESS THAT $5,000,000 ........................... . 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 
9 RUNWAY SNOW REMOVAL & CLEANING EQUIP ................. . 1 
0 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M .................................. . 
TOTAL, VEHICULAR EQUIPMENT ......................... . 
ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP 
COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 
12 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ..................................... . 
INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
14 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ...................... . 
15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIP .............................. . 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
16 TRAFFIC CONTROL/LANDING ........... , ................. . 
17 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM ............................. . 
18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM -FIXED ........................ . 
19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPRO .... , ................... . 
20 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ......................... . 
21 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL............ . . . . . . . . . . . . 
22 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ............................ . 
23 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ............................. . 
25 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN AND ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ...... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
14,437 24,812 
984 
11.191 5,361 4,623 12,451 
18,114 
2,310 
46,868 
.... '" ................. w .. 
141,151 72,359 6,982 
30,504 
55,803 2,673 
5, 677 
1 '163 
21 '667 39,803 24,618 15,868 9,331 FINAL 
BILL 
11 '437 16,812 1. 
684 
7' 1 91 
5,361 4,623 12,451 18,114 2,310 46,868 
., _____ ., _______ 
126,851 81,859 6,982 30,504 49,403 2,673 
5' 677 
1 '163 21,667 
39,803 
24,618 
15' 868 
9,331 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1811 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 599 eh08mr17.130rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
SPECIAL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
26 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ....................... . 
27 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYSTEM ................... . 
28 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ......................... . 
29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ................... . 
30 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................... . 
31 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N ................... . 
32 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) ......................... . 
33 C3 COUNTERMEASURES ................................... . 
34 GCSS·AF FOS .......................................... . 
36 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYS ............................ . 
37 AIR AND SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYSTEM .............. . 
38 AIR OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) .......................... . 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
39 INFORMATION TRANSPORT SYSTEMS ........................ . 
40 AFNET ................................................ . 
41 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) .......... . 
42 USCENTCOM ............................................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
41 '779 
15,729 
9,814 
99,460 34,850 
198,925 
6,943 
19,580 
1 '743 
9,659 
15,474 
30,623 40,043 
146,897 
5' 182 
13,418 FINAL 
BILL 
50,679 
15 ,729 
9,814 
99,460 
34,850 
198,925 
6,943 
14,580 
1,743 9,659 15,474 
8' 180 
40,043 
131,897 
5' 182 
13,418 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1812 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 600 eh08mr17.131rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
52 TACTICAL C·E EQUIPMENT ............................... . 
53 RADIO EQUIPMENT .... , ................................. . 
54 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT ........................... . 
55 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ............................. . 
MODIFICATIONS 
56 COMM ELECT MODS ...................................... . 
TOTAL, ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ..... 
OTHER BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIP 
PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIP 
58 ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 (SAFETY) .................. . 
DEPOT PLANT + MATERIALS HANDLING EQ 
59 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING ......................... . 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
60 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT .............................. . 
63 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ................................... . 
64 ITEMS LESS THAN $511 (BASE SUPPORT) ................... . 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
66 DARP RC135 ........................................... . 
67 DISTRIBUTED GROUND SYSTEMS ........................... . 
69 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ............................... . 
TOTAL, OTHER BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIP ..... 
SPARE AND REPAIR PARTS 
72 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .............................. . 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 
TOTAL, OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ...... , ......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
109,836 
16,266 
7,449 
109,215 
65,700 
_______ .,. ___ .,._ 
1,285,033 
54,416 
7,344 
6,852 
8' 146 
28,427 
25,287 
169,201 
576,710 
876,383 
15,784 
15,119,705 
17,438,056 FINAL 
BILL 
109,836 
16,266 
7,449 
88,215 
65,700 
----.. ---.-........ 
1,233,590 
46,416 
7,344 
6,852 
23. 1 46 
28,427 
25,287 169' 
201 
576,710 
883,383 
15,784 
15,508,616 
17,768,224 ------------- -------------- ------------- --------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1813 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 601 eh08mr17.132rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 
1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
Unjustified growth 2 
MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES 
Unobligated balances 3 
CIVIL AIR PATROL VEHICLES 
Program increase 4 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (CARGO/UTILITY) 
Unjustified growth 12 
COMSEC EQUIPMENT Program increase 
-cybersecurity upgrades 16 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYSTEMS RAPCON 
schedule slip 26 GENERAL 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
Program increase -cybersecurity training 33 
C3COUNTERMEASURES 
Unjustified increase 38 
AOC 10.2 
Fielding 
40 AFNET Unobligated balances 55 
BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE 
Unobligated balances 58 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (SAFETY & RESCUE) LSS 
program delays 63 
MOBILITY EQUIPMENT 
Program increase Program increase 
-other base maintenance and support equipment 999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
Classified adjustment Budget Request 
14,437 24,812 984 
11 '191 72,359 
55,803 
41,779 
19,580 30,623 
146,897 
109,215 
54,416 8,146 
15,119,705 Final bill 
11,437 
-3,000 
16,812 
-8,000 
1,684 
700 
7,191 
-4,000 
81,859 
9,500 49,403 -6,400 50,679 8,900 14,580 -5,000 8,180 
-22,443 131,897 
-15,000 
88,215 
-21,000 
46,416 
-8,000 
23,146 
10,000 5,000 15,508,616 
388,911 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1814 March 8, 2017 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1815 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 603 eh08mr17.133rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
PROCUREMENT. DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 
1 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ITEMS LESS THAN $511 ................. . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT. DCMA 
2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ...................... , ............... . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 
3 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ............................. . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
6 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ......................... . 
7 TELEPORT PROGRAM ..................................... . 
8 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M .................................. . 
9 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ............... . 
10 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK .................. . 
11 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ............................ . 
12 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ..................... . 
13 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ......................... . 
15 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STOCKS (JRSS) ................ . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 
17 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ...................................... . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 
1 8 A - WEAPON SYSTEM COST ............................... . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 
19 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ........... . 
20 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ...................................... . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
21 VEHICLES ............................................. . 
22 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ................................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
2,964 
92 
14' 232 
21,347 
50,597 
10,420 
1 '634 
87,235 
4,528 
36,846 
599,391 
150,221 
2,055 
8,060 
288 
1 1057 
200 
6,437 FINAL 
BILL 
2,964 
14,232 
21,347 
50,597 
10,420 
1 '634 
87,235 4,528 
36,846 
599,391 
150,221 
2,055 
8,060 
288 
1,057 
200 
6,437 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1816 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 604 eh08mr17.134rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE{IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MDA 
23 THAAD SYSTEM ......................................... . 
24 AEGIS BMD ............................................ . 
25 BMDS AN/TPY-2 RADARS ................................. . 
26 ARROW WEAPON SYSTEM .................................. . 
27 DAVID'S SLING WEAPON SYSTEM .......................... . 
28 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE I I I ............................... . 
2 9 
I RON DOME SYSTEM ..................................... . 
30 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ...................... . 
30X REDESIGNED KILL VEHICLE- AP .......................... . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 
36 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (!SSP) .......... . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 
37 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ............................... .. 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
38 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ................................. . 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 
40 MAJOR EQUIPMENT. WHS ................................. . 
TOTAL. MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................. . 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
42 SOF ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ............. . 
43 UNMANNED I SR. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...................... . 
45 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ................................ . 
46 SOF U-28 ............................................. . 
47 MH-47 CHINOOK ........................................ . 
49 CV-22 SOF MODIFICATION ............................... . 
51 MQ-9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ........................ . 
53 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE ............................. . 
54 AC I MC -1 30J ........................................... . 
55 C-130 MODIFICATIONS .................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
369,608 
463.801 
5,503 
57,493 
42,000 50,098 
4,399 29,211 7,988 24,979 2,052.684 
150,396 
21 '1 90 
4,905 3,970 25,022 19.008 10,598 
21 3' 122 
73,548 
32,970 FINAL 
BILL 
415,504 
513' 801 
5,503 120,000 150.000 
57,493 
62,000 50,098 50,000 
4,399 29,211 7,988 24,979 2,488,488 
150,396 
21 '190 4,905 3,970 25,022 19,008 10.598 
213' 122 
60,498 41,020 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1817 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 605 eh08mr17.135rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE{IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
SHIPBUILDING 
56 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS ................................... . 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
57 SOF ORDNANCE ITEMS UNDER $5, 000,000 .................. . 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
58 SOF INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ............................. . 
59 DCGS · SOF ............................................. . 
60 OTHER ITEMS UNDER $5,000.000 ......................... . 
61 SOF COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS .......................... . 
62 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ..................................... . 
63 TACTICAL VEHICLES .................................... . 
64 WARRIOR SYSTEMS UNDER $5 I 000.000 ............ ' ........ ' 
65 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS .......................... . 
66 SOF GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............. . 
67 SOF OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ............ . 
69 SOF OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................... . 
TOTAL, SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND .................. . 
CHEMICAL/BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE 
70 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ............ . 
71 CB PROTECTION AND HAZARD MITIGATION .................. . 
TOTAL, CHEMICAL/BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE ................. . 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
37,098 105,267 
79,963 13,432 
66,436 55,820 107,432 
67,849 245,781 19,566 3,437 17,299 219,945 
... -------... -.... 
1 '594' 054 
148,203 
161,113 
... ... .. .. .. -... -.. "" .... 
309,316 
568,864 4,524,918 FINAL 
BILL 
37,098 105,267 
79,963 
13.432 
66,436 55,820 
107,432 
67,849 245,781 19,566 3,437 
17,299 
180,245 
_______ .._ ........ __ 
1,549,354 
148,203 
161,113 
.......................... 
309,316 
533,864 4,881,022 
============= ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1818 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 606 eh08mr17.136rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
{In thousands of dollars] 
P-1 Budget Request 
2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT 
Ahead of need 
23 THAAD SYSTEM 
Training previously funded Program increase -obsolescence upgrades 24 
AEGIS BMD Program increase 
-obsolescence upgrades 26 
ARROW WEAPON SYSTEM 
Program increase for co-production 
27 DAVID'S SLING WEAPON SYSTEM 
Program increase for co-production 29 
IRON DOME SYSTEM 
Program increase for co-production 
30X REDESIGNED KILL VEHICLE (AP) Program increase 
-RKV long lead materials only 54 
AC/MC-130J 
Precision Strike Package -SOCOM requested transfer to line 55 55 
C-130 MODIFICATIONS 
Precision Strike Package SOC OM requested transfer from line 54 Program delays 64 
SOF 
WARRIOR SYSTEMS 
UNDER $5M 
SCAMPI - level funding profile Program increase 
-weapons accessories 69 
SOF OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS 
Classified adjustment Program increase -rotary wing ammunition 999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
Classified adjustment 92 369,608 463,801 
0 0 
42,000 
0 
73,548 
32,970 
245,781 219,945 568,864 Final Bill 
0 
-92 
415,504 -4,104 50,000 513,801 50,000 120,000 120,000 150,000 150,000 62,000 20,000 50,000 50,000 60,498 -13,050 41,020 13,050 -5,000 
245,781 
-4,000 4,000 180,245 -44,700 5,000 
533,864 
-35,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1819 March 8, 2017 
DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PURCHASES The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget request Final bill 
DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PUR-CHASES ..................................... 44,065 64,065 Program increase ................. .............................. 20,000 
TOTAL, DEFENSE PRODUC-TION ACT PURCHASES ..... 44,065 64,065 TITLE IV—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION The agreement provides $72,301,587,000 in Title IV, Research, Development, Test and Evaluation. The agreement on items ad-dressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1820 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert graphic folio 609 eh08mr17.137rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
RECAPITULATION 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, ARMY...... 7,515,399 8,332,965 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, NAVY ...... 17,276,301 17,214,530 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION. AIR FORCE. 28,112,251 27,788,548 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, 
DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................ 18.308,826 18,778,550 
OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION, DEFENSE.............. 178,994 186,994 
GRAND TOTAL' RDT&E ............................ '. 71 '391 '771 72 I 301 '587 ------------------------------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1821 March 8, 2017 
REPROGRAMMING GUIDANCE FOR ACQUISITION  
ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to continue to follow the reprogramming guid-ance as specified in the report accompanying the House version of the Department of De-fense Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2008 (House Report 110–279). Specifically, the dol-lar threshold for reprogramming funds shall remain at $20,000,000 for procurement and $10,000,000 for research, development, test and evaluation. Also, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is directed to continue to pro-vide the congressional defense committees quarterly, spreadsheet-based DD Form 1416 reports for Service and defense-wide ac-counts in titles III and IV of this Act. Re-ports for titles III and IV shall comply with the guidance specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2006. The De-partment shall continue to follow the limita-tion that prior approval reprogrammings are set at either the specified dollar threshold or 20 percent of the procurement or research, development, test and evaluation line, whichever is less. These thresholds are cu-mulative from the base for reprogramming value as modified by any adjustments. Therefore, if the combined value of transfers into or out of a procurement (P–1) or re-search, development, test and evaluation (R– 1) line exceeds the identified threshold, the Secretary of Defense must submit a prior ap-proval reprogramming to the congressional defense committees. In addition, guidelines on the application of prior approval re-programming procedures for congressional special interest items are established else-where in this statement. 
FUNDING INCREASES  The funding increases outlined in these ta-bles shall be provided only for the specific purposes indicated in the tables. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  
EVALUATION SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are congressional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the ex-planatory statement. JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW -ON 
MODERNIZATION  The Joint Strike Fighter Program Execu-tive Officer is directed to comply with the reporting requirement included under the heading ‘‘Joint Strike Fighter Follow-on Modernization’’ in Senate Report 114–263. The Secretary of Defense is not required to comply with the reporting requirement in-cluded under the heading ‘‘Joint Strike Fighter Follow-on Development’’ in House Report 114–577. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, ARMY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1822 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 613 here eh08mr17.138rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE2 
3 
4 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............. . 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................ . 
UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................... . 
UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ............. . 
TOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH .............................. . 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
5 MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ................................. . 6 
SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ................. . 7 
TRACTOR HIP .......................................... . 8 
AVIATION TECHNOLOGY .................................. . 9 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ........................ . 
10 MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................... . 
11 ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .......................... . 
12 ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ..................... . 
13 COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ............. . 1 4 
BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ................................ . 
15 CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY .... 
16 JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ..................... . 
17 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ..................... . 
18 ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ................... . 
19 NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY .............................. . 
20 COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS .................................. . 
21 HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................. . 
22 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ..................... . 
23 COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY .......... . 
24 COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ..................... . 
25 MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ...................... . 
26 MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ............... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
12,381 
253,116 69' 
166 
94,280 
428.943 31,533 36. 
109 
6,995 65,914 25,466 44,313 
28,803 
27,688 67,959 85,436 3,923 5,545 53,581 56,322 
36,079 
26,497 23,671 22,151 37,803 13,811 67,416 
26,045 FINAL 
BILL 
12,381 
293. 116 
69' 166 
112' 280 
486,943 82,533 51' 
109 
6,995 69,914 35,466 67,813 
53,803 30,688 
92,959 105,436 3,923 5,545 
120,081 
74 '322 
36,079 30,497 
23,671 
30' 151 
37,803 
13' 811 
82,416 26,045 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1823 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 614 here eh08mr17.139rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
27 WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY ................................ . 
28 MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................... . 
TOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................ . 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
29 WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................ 
30 MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................... 
31 AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................... 
32 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............. 
33 COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..... 
34 SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................. 
35 MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .. 
37 TRACTOR HIKE .......................................... 
38 NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ... , ..... 
39 TRACTOR ROSE .......................................... 
40 COMBATING TERRORISM, TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........... 
41 TRACTOR NAIL ................................. , ...... ·· 
42 TRACTOR EGGS .......................................... 
43 ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ......................... 
44 MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................ 
45 TRACTOR CAGE .......................................... 
46 HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ...... 
47 LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...... 
48 JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ...................... 
49 NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................... 
50 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ....... 
51 MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............. 
52 ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE & SENSOR TECHNOLOGY 
53 COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .. 
TOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
37,403 
77,111 
907' 574 
38' 831 
68,365 
94,280 
68,714 
122 '132 
3,904 
14,417 
8,074 
18,969 
11 '91 0 
27,686 
2,340 
2,470 
27,893 
52' 190 
11 '1 07 
177' 190 
17,451 
5,839 
44,468 
11 '137 
20,684 
44,239 
35. 775 
~ --......... ---
930,065 FINAL 
BILL 
60' 103 
79,111 
1,220,274 
51 '331 
107,365 
112' 280 
192' 714 
168.132 
3.904 
14,417 
8,074 
18,969 
11 '91 0 
35,686 
2,340 
2,470 
41,893 
115,690 
11 '1 07 
222,190 
1 7' 451 
5,839 
44,468 
21 '137 
58,684 
54,239 
37' 775 
--.......... --
1,360,065 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1824 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 615 here eh08mr17.140rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
DEMONSTRATION & VALIDATION 
54 ARMY MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ............. . 
55 ARMY MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION (SPACE) ..... . 
56 LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER -ADV DEV ............... . 
57 SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ..... 
58 TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ................... . 
59 SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .................... . 
60 TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM -AD ......... . 
61 NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............ . 
62 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ..................... . 
63 NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ........................ . 
64 AVIATION · ADV DEV ................................... . 
65 LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT · ADV DEV ........... . 
66 MEDICAL SYSTEMS- ADV DEV ............................ . 
67 SOLDIER SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............... . 
68 ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ............................ .. 
69 LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMID} SENSOR ....... . 
70 TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................... . 
71 ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ..... . 
73 CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ....... . 
TOTAL, DEMONSTRATION & VALIDATION .................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
9,433 
23,056 
72' 117 
28,244 
40,096 10,506 15,730 
1 0' 321 
7,785 
2,300 10' 
014 
20,834 33,503 
31 '120 6,608 
35' 132 
70,047 
83,279 
40,510 
.,. .. ____ ..... ., ____ 
550,635 FINAL 
BILL 
47,433 
23,056 
72' i 17 
28,244 
48,096 14,006 
1 5' 730 
10' 321 
7,785 
2,300 10' 
014 
18' 126 
41,003 
54' 120 
6,608 
35' 132 
60,047 
83,279 
30,510 
__ ,_.,..,._,.. ____ .. .,._ 
607,927 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1825 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 616 here eh08mr17.141rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT 
74 AIRCRAFT AVIONICS .................................... . 
75 ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ....................... . 
77 HID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO .................. . 
78 ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ........................... . 
79 TRACTOR CAGE ......................................... . 
80 INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ............................. . 
82 JAVELIN .............................................. . 
83 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES .................... . 
84 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL. ................................ .. 
85 TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE ..................... . 
86 LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES ...................... . 
87 ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASH) -ENG DEV ........ . 
88 NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS -SDD ........................... , 
89 COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT .............. . 
90 NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES -SOD .................... . 
91 AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE ·SOD .... 
92 CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......... . 
93 AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ...... , ..... , .... . 
94 DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS) · SOD ..... . 
95 COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ........... . 
96 BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ......... . 
97 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS- SDO .......................... . 
98 LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT · SOD ............... . 
99 COMMAND. CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS -SOD ....... . 
100 MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT. 
101 LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER · SOD ...................... .. 
102 ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ... 
1 03 RADAR DEVELOPMENT .................................... . 1 
04 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUS I NESS SYSTEM ( GFEBS) ...... . 
105 FIREFI NDER ........................................... . 
106 SOLDIER SYSTEMS · WARRIOR OEM/VAL .................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
83,248 34,642 12, 
172 
3,958 12,525 66,943 
20,011 
11 , 4 29 
3,421 39,282 
494 
9,678 84,519 
2,054 30,774 
53,332 17,887 8,813 
10,487 15,068 
89,716 
80,365 75,098 
4,245 
41 '124 
39,630 205,590 
15,983 
6,805 
9,235 12,393 FINAL 
BILL 
62,248 34,642 12.172 11,958 12' 
525 
67,503 20,011 
11 '429 3,421 33.532 
494 
9,678 79,519 
2,054 29,801 
58,332 17,887 8,813 
1 0, 487 
15,068 
89,716 
80,365 78,860 
4,245 41,124 33,354 
203,274 
15,983 
6,805 
6,425 12,393 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1826 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 617 here eh08mr17.142rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
107 ARTILLERY SYSTEMS .................................... . 
108 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................... . 
109 ARMY INTEGRATED MILITARY HUMAN RESOURCES SYSTEM (A-IMH 
110 ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE ........................ . 
INTEGRATED GROUND SECURITY SURVEILLANCE RESPONSE 
111 CAPABILITY (IGSSR-C) ............................... . 
11 2 JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER ( JTNC) ................. . 
113 JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ......................... . 
11 4 TRACTOR TIRE ......................................... . 
GROUND-BASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM -
115 EXPENOITIONARY (GBOSS-E} ........................... . 
116 TACTICAL SECURITY SYSTEM (TSS) ....................... . 
117 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ( CI RCM) .............. . 
118 COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD} ......... . 
119 DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT ..................... . 
120 TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ............ . 
121 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .............................. . 
122 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................... . 
123 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2 -BLOCK 1 ... 
125 AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSSTEM ..................... . 
126 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................... . 
128 ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AlAMO) ...... . 
131 NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION .................... . 
132 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ENG AND MANUFACTURING .... 
133 AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................... . 
134 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM).. . .............. . 
135 TROJAN- RH12 ........................................ . 
136 ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ....................... . 
TOTAL, ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT ..... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1 '756 74,236 
155,584 
184,221 
4,980 15,041 16,014 
27.254 
5,032 2,904 
96 '977 
2,089 
33,836 18,824 
20,663 
41 . 133 
83,995 
5,028 
42,972 252,811 4,955 
11 ' 530 
2' 142 
41,498 4,273 14,425 2,265,094 FINAL 
BILL 
1. 756 
73,732 155,584 184,221 
4,980 
15. 041 
16.014 27,254 
5,032 2,904 
82.977 
2,089 
33,836 
14' 765 
20,663 
34. 133 
83,995 
5,028 
48,972 282,811 4,955 
11,530 
2' 142 
41,498 4,273 14' 
425 
2,248,728 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1827 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 618 here eh08mr17.143rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
137 THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ......................... . 
138 TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................... . 
139 MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ................................. . 
140 RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................... . 
141 ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL ................................. . 
142 CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ..................... . 
144 ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ...................... . 
145 ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ...... . 
146 SURVIVABILITY /LETHALITY ANALYSIS ..................... . 
147 AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................... . 148 
METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ........... . 
149 MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ............................ . 
150 EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ........................ . 
151 SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING ....................... . 
152 ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................... . 
ARMY MODELING AND SIMULATION X-CMD COLLABORATION AND 
153 INTEG .............................................. . 
154 PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................... . 
155 TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES ..................... . 
156 MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ... 
157 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ........ . 158 
MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT) .... 
159 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE ................ . 
TOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
25,675 
19' 122 
84.777 
20,658 
236,648 25,596 293,748 
52,404 
38,571 4,665 6,925 
21,677 
12,415 49,684 
55,905 
7,959 
51,822 
33,323 
40,545 
2. 130 
49,885 
2,000 
1 . 136' 
134 FINAL 
BILL 
29,675 19' 
122 
96' 777 
20,658 
227,451 25,596 293,748 
72,404 
38,571 4,665 6,925 
21 '677 
12,415 49,684 
55,905 7,959 
51,822 33,323 65,545 
2. 130 
49.885 
2.000 
1 '187' 937 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1828 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 619 here eh08mr17.144rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
161 MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................... . 1 
62 TRACTOR PULL ......................................... . 
163 ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ....................... . 
164 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .... 
165 TRACTOR SMOKE ........................................ . 
166 LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) .................... . 
167 APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................... . 168 
BLACKHAWK RECAP/MODERNIZATION ........................ . 169 
CHINOOK HELICOPTER PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ....... . 
170 FIXED WING AIRCRAFT ................................. .. 
171 IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................ , ..... . 172 
EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE ....................... . 
173 LOGISTICS AUTOMATION ................................. . 
174 FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .................... , ............ . 
175 PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT .......................... . 176 
AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT OFFICE ........................ . 
178 JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM .... 
179 COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .................. . 1 
80 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM .............................. . 
181 AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ... 
182 AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........ . 
183 DIGITIZATION ......................................... . 
184 MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...... . 
185 OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........... . 1 
86 TRACTOR CARD ......................................... . 
188 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ......................... . 
190 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD} SYSTEM ...... . 
191 GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
9,663 
3,960 
3,638 14,517 4,479 39,275 66,441 46.765 
91 '848 
796 
126,105 
2,369 4,563 
12,098 
49,482 45,482 
30,455 
316,857 4. 
031 
35,793 
259 
6,483 5.122 7,491 
20,333 
124 
69.417 22,044 FINAL 
BILL 
9,663 
3,960 
3,638 
14' 517 
4,479 37' 
775 
64,441 46,765 91,848 
796 
116,105 
2,369 
1 . 736 
12,098 
49,482 
6,400 
30,455 
304,031 4,031 
33,693 
259 
6,483 5,122 7,491 
20,333 
124 
63,889 
22,044 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1829 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 620 here eh08mr17.145rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET 
REQUEST FINAL 
BILL ....... .,. _______ ~-·--................. _ ... ______ ,._,.. ................ _________ .., __ .. __ ............... __ ,.. ________ ,. __ ., ................... .. 
192 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ......................... . 12,649 12' 649 
194 SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ................. . 11,619 11 '619 
195 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ................. . 38,280 38,280 
196 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................... . 27,223 27,223 197 
SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE} .................... . 18,815 18,815 
198 WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............. . 4,718 4,718 
202 TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .................... . 8,218 8,218 
203 AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ...................... . 11 . 799 11 '799 
204 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............ . 32,284 32,284 
205 HQ-1 SKY WARRIOR A UAV (MQ-1C GRAY EAGLE UAS) ........ . 13,470 13,470 
206 RQ-11 UAV ............................................ . 1 '613 1 '613 
207 RQ-7 UAV ............................................. . 4,597 4,597 
209 WIN-T INCREMENT 2 · INITIAL NETWORKING ............... . 4,867 4,867 
210 END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES .......... . 62,287 62,287 
------------- --------------
TOTAL. OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............. . 740,393 719,939 9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 4,625 4,625 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ..... 7,515,399 8,332.965 
------------- -------------- ------------- --------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1830 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 621 here eh08mr17.146rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
R-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
2 DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 253,116 293,116 
Program increase -basic research 40,000 
4 UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS 94,280 112,280 
Materials in extreme dynamic environments 5,000 Program 
increase -basic research 13,000 
5 MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY 31,533 82,533 High performance polymers research 
20,000 Program 
increase 31,000 
6 SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY 36,109 51,109 Program 
increase 5,000 Signals 
detection research 3,000 Space 
and small satellites technology demonstration 7,000 
8 AVIATION TECHNOLOGY 65,914 69,914 
Program increase 4,000 
9 ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY 25,466 35,466 
Program increase 10,000 
10 MISSILE TECHNOLOGY 44,313 67,813 Weapon effectiveness in urban engagement 
8,500 Program 
increase 15,000 
11 ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY 28,803 53,803 Program 
increase 25,000 
12 ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION 27,688 30,688 Program 
increase 3,000 
13 COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY 67,959 92,959 
Program increase 10,000 Program 
increase -alternative energy research 15,000 
14 BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY 85,436 105,436 Program 
increase 20,000 
17 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY 53,581 120,081 Program 
increase 18,000 
High-speed vehicle mounted fire detection technology 5,000 
Railgun weapon technology 20,000 
Medium caliber lightweight composite barrel technology 5,000 
Guided tank fired round development for high mobility targets 8,500 
Armament systems concepts 5,000 
Hybrid projectile technology 5,000 
18 ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES 56,322 74,322 Tactical and component power technology 
2,000 Payload 
agnostic unmanned aerial systems 4,000 Silicon 
carbide research 10,000 
Flexible printable electronics 2,000 20 COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS 
26,497 30,497 Program 
increase 4,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1831 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 622 here eh08mr17.147rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
22 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY 22,151 30,151 
Program increase 8,000 
25 MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY 67,416 82,416 
Program increase 15,000 
27 WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY 37,403 60,103 
H98 clothing and equipment 5,000 
Advanced active environmental control technology for expeditionary mobile base 
6,000 Program 
increase 10,000 
Soldier protection 1,700 
28 MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY 77,111 79,111 
Military operational medical research program 2,000 
29 WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 38,831 51,331 
Program increase 12,500 
30 MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 68,365 107,365 
Peer-reviewed neurotoxin exposure treatment Parkinson's research 16,000 Peer-reviewed 
neurofibromatosis research 15,000 
Peer-reviewed military burn research 8,000 
31 AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 94,280 112,280 
Ballistic seating system 7,000 
Future Vertical Lift 11,000 
32 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 68,714 192,714 
Program increase 42,000 
Weapons mounts 2,500 
Accelerate extended range cannon artillery 21,000 
Laser defense system for small UAS 15,000 
Weapon effectiveness in urban engagement 8,500 
Armament systems integration 5,000 
High energy laser research 30,000 
COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED 
33 TECHNOLOGY 122,132 168,132 
Combat vehicle weight reduction initiative 10,000 
Advanced water harvesting technology 6,000 Program 
increase 30,000 
40 COMBATING TERRORISM, TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 27,686 35,686 
Force protection radar development 8,000 
43 ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY 27,893 41,893 
Program increase 14,000 
44 MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 52,190 115,690 
Cybersecurity and supply chain risk management research 10,000 GPS-guided 
weapon performance improvement 5,000 
Next generation close combat missile 8,500 
Armament systems concepts 5,000 
Armament systems integration 5,000 Program 
increase 30,000 
46 HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 177,190 222,190 
Program increase 45,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1832 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 623 here eh08mr17.148rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
50 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS 11,137 21,137 
Program increase 10,000 
51 MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 20,684 58,684 Secure management 
of energy generation and storage 3,000 Program 
increase 30,000 Installation 
energy efficiency enhancements 5,000 
ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE & SENSOR 
52 TECHNOLOGY 44,239 54,239 Program increase 
10,000 
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS ADVANCED 53 
TECHNOLOGY 35,775 37,775 Program increase 
2,000 
54 ARMY MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION 9,433 47,433 High power microwave analysis and radio frequency platform protection 
5,000 Program 
increase 25,000 
High energy 
laser research 
8,000 
58 TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION 40,096 48,096 
Stryker 30mm programmable air burst ammunition 8,000 
59 SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY 10,506 14,006 
Program increase 3,500 
65 LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT -ADV DEV 20,834 18,126 Prior year carryover 
-2,708 
66 MEDICAL SYSTEMS -ADV DEV 33,503 41,003 
Program increase 7,500 
67 SOLDIER SYSTEMS- ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 31,120 54,120 
Enhanced lightweight body armor 
23,000 70 TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES 70,047 60,047 
Ground vehicle prototyping excess growth -10,000 
73 CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT 40,510 30,510 
Lack of validated requirements -10,000 
74 AIRCRAFT AVIONICS 83,248 62,248 Excess 
DVE product development funding -21,000 
78 ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM 3,958 11,958 Program increase 
8,000 80 INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS 
66,943 67,503 
Cannon life extension 1,500 
Program increase 3,000 
Modular handgun system delay -3,940 
85 TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE 39,282 33,532 EMD contract delay 
-5,750 
88 NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS -SOD 84,519 79,519 Prior year carryover 
-5,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1833 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 624 here eh08mr17.149rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
90 NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES ·SOD 30,774 29,801 Solider 
fitness program unjustified -973 
91 AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE -SOD 53,332 58,332 Counter rocket, 
artillery, and mortar systems 5,000 
98 LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT· SOD 75,098 78,860 
Maneuver Support Vessel-Light contract delay -3,000 
Next generation vehicle camouflage technology 11,100 
Program increase 2,500 
Engine driven generators schedule delay -6,838 
101 LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER- SOD 39,630 33,354 Mine-neutral and detection schedule delay -6,276 ARMY TACTICAL 
COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & 
102 SOFTWARE 205,590 203,274 Solider 
borne sensor personal reconnaissance technology 7,500 TNOM 
funding ahead of acquisition strategy -9,816 
105 FIREFINOER 9,235 6,425 Enhanced 
ANITPQ 36 carryover -2,810 108 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
74,236 73,732 Army human resource system 
VACE unjustified -504 
117 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) 96,977 82,977 Program 
of record prior year carryover -14,000 120 TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) 
18,824 14,765 Man pack operational test funding ahead 
of need -4,059 
122 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT 41,133 34,133 Advanced missile warning system development funding 
-7,000 
126 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) 42,972 48,972 
Improved lethality and range 6,000 
128 ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AlAMO) 252,811 282,811 Program increase 
15,000 
Cybersecurity research 15,000 
137 THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT 25,675 29,675 Program increase 
4,000 
139 MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT 84,777 96,777 
Cyber vulnerabilities research 12,000 
141 ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL 236,648 227,451 Installation services excess growth 
-9,197 
145 ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS 52,404 72,404 
Cybersecurity of space and missile defense assets 10,000 
Program increase 10,000 
156 MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY 40,545 65,545 Munitions standardization, effectiveness, and safety 
10,000 
Program increase 15,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1834 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 625 here eh08mr17.150rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
166 LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) 39,275 37,775 Prior year carryover 
-1,500 
167 APACHEPRODUCTIMPROVEMENTPROGRAM 66,441 64,441 
Support funding carryover -1,000 
Management services excess growth -1,000 
171 IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM 126,105 116,105 
PDR contract delay -10,000 
173 LOGISTICS AUTOMATION 4,563 1,736 Prior year carryover -2,827 176 
AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT OFFICE 45,482 6,400 
Excess funding due to program cancellation -39,082 
179 COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS 316,857 304,031 
Abrams program support excess growth -5,000 
Excess funding -1,026 Stryker 
ECP 2 funding ahead of need -6,800 
181 AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT 35,793 33,693 Modification funding ahead 
of need -2,100 190 LOWER TIER AIR 
AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM 69,417 63,889 Prior year carryover 
-5,528 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1835 March 8, 2017 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, NAVY The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1836 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 627 here eh08mr17.151rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................... . 101.714 121,714 
2 IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............. . 18,508 18,508 3 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................ . 422.748 422,748 
------------- -........ -.... -.. -----
TOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH .............................. . 542,970 562,970 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
4 POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH .................... . 41.371 61. 371 
5 FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH .................... . 158,745 201,745 6 
MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ................ . 51,590 69,765 7 
COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ...................... . 41,185 41,185 
8 WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .............. . 45,467 50,467 
9 ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ............. . 118. 941 120,941 
10 OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ....... . 42,618 81 '618 
11 JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ............ . 6,327 6,327 
12 UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................... . 126,313 126,313 
13 FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ........... . 165.103 1 57' 103 
14 MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ...... . 33,916 33,916 
15 SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT -ONR HEADQUARTERS .. 29,575 29,575 
..... -... ---------......... _,..,. __ ,. ... 
TOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................ . 861,151 980,326 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1837 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 628 here eh08mr17.152rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
16 POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................. 
17 FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................. 
18 ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........... 
19 MARINE CORPS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) .. 
20 JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....... 
21 FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY OEV ..... 
22 MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ...................... 
23 WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............. 
24 UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................. 
25 NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ....... 
26 MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .... 
TOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .. .. ' ... ' .. , .. 
DEMONSTRATION & VALIDATION 
27 AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ...................... . 
28 AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................... . 
30 AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ..................................... . 
31 ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................. . 
32 TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ..................... . 
33 ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ................... . 
34 SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ....... . 
35 SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ......................... . 
36 CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................... . 
37 PILOT FISH ........................................... . 
38 RETRACT LARCH ........................................ . 
39 RETRACT JUNIPER ...................................... . 
40 RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ................................. . 
41 SURFACE ASW ........................................ . 
42 ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................ . 
43 SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ................... . 
44 SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ......................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
96,406 
48,438 
26,421 
140,416 
13,117 
249,092 
56,712 
4,789 
25,880 
60.550 
15. 167 
--------~---· 
736,988 
48,536 
5,239 
1 '519 
7. 041 
3,274 
57,034 
165,775 
87,066 
7,605 
132,068 
14,546 
115,435 
702 
1 '081 
100,565 
8,782 
14.590 FINAL 
BILL 
96,406 
85,338 
26 '421 
140,416 
13,117 
266,092 
56,712 
40,789 
25,880 
59,550 
13,167 
..... -----....... 
823,888 
44,936 
15.239 
1 '519 
7,041 
3,274 
3,651 
120,775 
71,553 
7,605 
1 32 '068 
14,546 
115,435 
702 
1 '081 
118,023 
8,782 
14,590 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1838 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 629 here eh08mr17.153rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
45 SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ........ . 
46 ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ....................... . 
47 ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ................... . 
48 CHALK EAGLE .......................................... . 
49 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ........................... . 
50 COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ............................ . 
51 OHIO REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ............................. . 
52 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) MISSION MODULES., ......... . 
53 AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST ........................... . 
54 FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT .................................. . 
55 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ........ , ............... , ...... . 
56 MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ........................ . 
57 MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ............ . 
58 JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......... . 
60 OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............. . 
61 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ............................. . 
62 NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM .................................. . 
63 FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................... . 
64 CHALK CORAL .......................................... . 
65 NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ........................... . 
66 RETRACT MAPLE ........................................ . 
67 LINK PLUMERIA ........................................ . 
68 RETRACT ELM. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 
69 LINK EVERGREEN ....................................... . 
70 SPECIAL PROCESSES .................................... . 
71 NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ........................ . 
72 LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................... . 
73 JOINT NONLETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ....... , .............. . 
74 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS ......... . 
75 DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS .......... . 
76 GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER ........ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
15,805 
453,313 
36,655 
367,016 
51 . 630 
23.530 
700.811 
160,058 
84,900 
8,342 
158,682 
1,303 
46,911 
4,556 
20.343 
52.479 
5,458 
245,860 
3,089 
323,526 318,497 
52,834 
48' 116 
13,619 
9,867 
6,015 
27,904 
104' 1 44 
32,700 
70,528 FINAL 
BILL 
13,805 
453,313 
30,858 
367,016 
51,630 
23,530 
700,811 
153,608 
15,000 
84,900 
8,342 
138,762 
1 . 303 
45,411 
4,556 
19' 121 
70,879 
5,458 
230,860 
3,089 
314,776 
284,297 
52,834 
48,116 
13' 619 
8,567 
1 8' 01 5 
27,904 
102,722 
32,700 
70,528 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1839 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 630 here eh08mr17.154rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE77 
78 
80 
81 
82 
84 
85 86 87 
88 89 
90 
91 
92 
93 94 
95 
96 97 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
REMOTE M I NEHUNT I NG SYSTEM ( RMS) ...................... . 
TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ..... 
MH-XX ................. · · · · ·. · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 
LX (R) ............................................... . 
ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING ........................ . 
PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ......... . 
SPACE & ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINE .. 
OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ..... 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ENGINEERING/MANUFACTURING 
ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT· MIP ......... , .............. . 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT· MIP ................. . 
TOTAL, DEMONSTRATION & VALIDATION .... 
ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT 
TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT ............................. . 
OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................... , 
AV-86 AIRCRAFT · ENG DEV ............................ . 
STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ................................ . 
MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ......... . 
AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ...................... . 
P-3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......... , ................. . 
WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................... . 
98 TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM .............................. . 
99 ADVANCED HAWKEYE ..................................... . 
100 H-1 UPGRADES ......................................... . 
101 ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS .............................. . 
102 V-22A ................................................ . 
103 AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................... . 
1 04 EA -18 ................................................ . 
105 ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................... . 
106 EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................... . 
107 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ........................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
3,001 
34,920 
1,620 
6,354 78,589 
9,910 
23,971 
252,409 
23. 197 
9' 110 
437 
4,662,867 19' 
938 
6,268 33,664 
1,300 
5,275 3,875 
1.909 
13,237 36,323 363,792 27,441 34,525 174,423 13' 
577 
116,761 48,766 338,357 
577' 822 FINAL 
BILL 
3,001 26,920 
1 '620 25,354 59,479 
4 '91 0 
20,651 300' 
971 
9,597 
9' 110 
437 
4,539,200 
17,938 5,968 32,664 
1 '300 
5,275 3,875 
1 '909 
11 '537 36,323 365,178 27,441 29,525 154,245 7,477 
104,444 
42,378 338,357 577,822 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1840 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 631 here eh08mr17.155rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
108 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM -NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ....... . 
109 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ............ . 
110 SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING .......... . 
111 LPD-17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..................... . 
112 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SOB) ............................ . 
113 STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ........................ . 
114 AIRBORNE MCM ......................................... . 
116 NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL-COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENG. 
118 ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ......................... . 
119 SSN 688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION .................... . 
1 20 AIR CONTROL .......................................... . 
121 SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................... . 
122 COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION ................. . 
123 AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM .......... . 
124 NEW DESIGN SSN. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .................... . 
125 SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM .................... . 
126 SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/LIVE FIRE T&E ................... . 
127 NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .................... . 
128 VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ........................ . 
129 MINE DEVELOPMENT ..................................... . 
130 LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ...................... . 
131 JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......... . 
132 PERSONNEL, TRAINING. SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS .... 
133 JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................ . 
134 SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) ................. . 
135 SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ................ . 
136 SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILLJEW) ............. . 
137 INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING ............................. . 
138 MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT .................................. . 
139 NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM ................................. . 
140 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF) EMD .................... .. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
2,365 
52,065 
282,764 
580 
97,622 
120,561 
45,622 
25,750 
85,868 
117,476 
47,404 
112,158 
6,283 
144,395 
113,013 
43' 160 
65,002 
3,098 
97,920 
10,490 
20' 178 
7,369 
4,995 
412 
134,619 
114.475 
114,211 
11,029 
9.220 
42,723 
531,426 FINAL 
BILL 
2,365 
18,965 
275,764 
580 
91,622 
120,561 
45,622 
25,750 
72,868 
123,476 
44,858 
116,158 
6,283 
144,395 
130,013 
52' 160 
85,002 
3,098 
97,920 
10,490 
30' 1 78 
7,369 
4,995 
412 
134,619 119,475 
103,889 
9,029 
25,220 
42' 723 
531,426 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1841 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 632 here eh08mr17.156rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
141 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF) ........................... . 
142 JSF FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT- MARINE CORPS ........... , ... . 
143 JSF FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT- NAVY ....................... . 
144 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................... . 
145 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................... . 
146 ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ....................... . 
147 CH 53K ............................................... . 
148 MISSION PLANNING ..................................... . 
149 COMMON AVIONICS ...................................... . 
150 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ........................ . 1 
51 T-AO (X) ............................................. . 
152 CARRIER BASED AERIAL REFUELING SYSTEM (CBARS) ........ . 
153 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) .................. . 
154 MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ................ . 
155 MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) INCREMENT 3 ..... 
156 DDG-1000 ............................................. . 
159 TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM MIP ........................ . 
160 TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ......................... . 
161 SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ......................... . 162 
CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............. . 
TOTAL, ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT ..... . 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
163 THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ......................... . 
164 TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................... . 
165 MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ................................. . 166 
JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION .... 
167 STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT NAVY .................. . 
168 CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ............................ . 
169 NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER .............................. . 
171 TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES ....................... . 
172 MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT .... , ... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
528,716 74,227 63,387 4,856 
97,066 2,500 404,810 
33,570 51,599 
11,088 
1 '095 89,000 
17' 880 
59' 126 
182,220 
45,642 
676 
36,747 
35,002 
4,942 6,025,655 16,633 36,662 42' 
109 
2,998 3,931 46,634 
1 '200 
903 
87,077 FINAL 
BILL 
528,716 29,691 25,355 4,856 
90,566 
500 
350,810 33,570 
49,512 
11,088 
1 '095 
76,422 
17' 880 
64' 126 
112,320 
45,642 
676 
34,047 35,002 
2,442 5 
,755' 257 
16,633 
36,662 52' 
109 
2,998 3,931 46,634 
1 '200 
903 
100' 077 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1842 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 633 here eh08mr17.157rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
173 STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT .......................... . 
174 RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT .............. . 
175 RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ...................... . 
176 TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .......................... . 
177 /OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ........... . 
178 NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ...... . 
179 SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT .............. . 
180 MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT .................... . 
181 MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS · R&D ........................ . 
182 WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT ........................ . 
TOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .................... . 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
188 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC} .............. . 189 
DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL ................. . 
190 STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT.,.,,., ..... , ... 
191 SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..................... . 
192 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ............... . 
193 NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ........................ . 
195 F I A -18 SQUADRONS ..................................... . 196 
FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) .................. . 
197 SURFACE SUPPORT ...................................... . 
198 TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .. 
199 INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ....................... . 
200 AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS ................ , ... . 
201 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR ....................... . 
202 CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............ . 
203 CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................... . 
204 ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ............ . 
205 HARM IMPROVEMENT ..................................... . 
206 TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............. , .................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
3,597 62,811 
106,093 
349,146 
18' 160 
9,658 
6,500 
22,247 16,254 
21 '123 
-------------
853,736 
84,501 2,970 
136,556 33,845 9,329 17,218 
1 89' 1 25 
48,225 
21 . 156 
71 '35 5 58,542 13,929 83,538 38,593 
1 '122 99,998 48,635 124,785 FINAL 
BILL 
3,597 
62,811 106,093 
349,146 1 
8' 160 
9,658 
6,500 
19,766 16,254 15,423 
.. -.. --.. -.. ,., --..... -
868,555 
77.001 2,970 131,056 
33,845 9,329 
1 7. 218 
174,425 48,225 
21 . 156 
43,016 57,058 13,929 
81,038 
45,343 
1 • 122 
83,292 38,435 124,785 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1843 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 634 here eh08mr17.158rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
207 SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ................ . 
208 MK-48 ADCAP .......................................... . 
209 AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ................................ . 
210 OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .................... . 
211 MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .................. . 
212 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM 
213 MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS .... 
214 MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ................. . 
215 USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ... . 
216 AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................... . 
217 TACTICAL AIM MISSILES .... , ........................... . 
218 ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM} ..... 
219 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM -MARINE CORPS (GCSS-MC). 
223 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) ..................... . 
224 CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES ...... . 
225 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ................. . 
228 JOINT MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS .............. , .. . 
229 TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .................... . 
230 UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ................. . 
231 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEMS/SURFACE SYSTEMS ..... 
232 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEMS/SURFACE SYSTEMS ..... 
233 MQ-4C TRITON ......................................... . 
234 MQ-8 UAV ............................................. . 
235 RQ-11 UAV ............................................ . 
236 RQ-7 UAV ........................... , ................. . 
237 SMALL (lEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASLO) ............... . 
238 RQ-21A ............................................... . 
239 MULTI-I NT ELL I GENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ................ . 
240 UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (HIP) ......... . 
241 RQ-4 MODERNIZATION ................................... . 
242 MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT .................. , ... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
24,583 39' 
134 
120,861 1 
01 '786 82' 
159 
11 '850 4 
7' 877 
13' 194 
17,171 
38,020 
56,285 
40,350 
9' 128 
37,372 23,541 38,510 
6,019 
8,436 
36,509 
2' 100 
44,571 
111 '729 26,518 
418 
716 
5,071 
9,497 77' 
965 
11,181 181,266 
4,709 FINAL 
BILL 
24,583 49. 
134 
118,861 101,786 99,359 8,976 41,877 
11,700 
17,171 
38,020 
56,285 
40,350 
9' 128 
32' 116 
23,541 
33,310 
6,019 8,436 
21,909 
2' 100 
44,571 
111 ' 729 
26,518 
5,071 
8,379 64,765 11,181 144,566 
4,709 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1844 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 635 here eh08mr17.159rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
243 DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF} ........................... . 
245 MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) ....................... . 
TOTAL. OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............. . 
9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . 
TOTAL. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ..... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
49,322 
3,204 
2,364,474 
1,228,460 
17.276,301 FINAL 
BILL 
38.277 
3,204 
2,210,874 
1,473,460 17,214,530 
==;========== ===========~== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1845 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 636 here eh08mr17.160rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
R-1 Budget Request 1 
UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES 
Program increase -basic research 
4 POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH 
Program increase 
5 FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH 
Program increase -littoral threat research 
Program increase 
Program increase -battery storage and safety 
Program increase -alternative energy research 
6 MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY 
Littoral combat/power projection unjustified growth 
Program increase 
8 WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH 
Program increase 
9 ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH 
Electronic warfare technology previously funded efforts 
Program increase -conformal phased array antenna research 
10 OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH 
Program increase -AGOR mid-life refit 
Program increase -naval special warfare maritime science and technology 
Program increase -space-based monitoring in the arctic basin 
13 FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH 
FORCENET excess growth 
Power and energy previously funded efforts Sea shield previously funded efforts 
17 FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 
Aircraft technology excess growth 
Program increase -autonomous surface unmanned vehicle research 
21 FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEY 
Program increase -ASW research 
Program increase 
23 WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 
Program increase -bone marrow registry program 
Program increase -tactical athlete program 
25 NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS 
Operations analysis unjustified growth 
MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED 26 
TECHNOLOGY 
Mine technology excess growth 101,714 
41,371 158,745 
51,590 
45,467 118,941 42,618 
165,103 
48,438 
249,092 
4,789 
60,550 
15,167 Final Bill 
121,714 
20,000 
61,371 
20,000 
201,745 
5,000 15,000 3,000 20,000 
69,765 
-1,825 
20,000 
50,467 
5,000 
120,941 
-2,000 4,000 
81,618 
30,000 5,000 4,000 
157,103 
-5,000 -2,000 -1,000 
85,338 
-3,100 40,000 
266,092 
7,000 10,000 
40,789 
31,500 4,500 
59,550 
-1,000 
13,167 
-2,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1846 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 637 here eh08mr17.161rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 
27 AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS 
Naval integrated tactical environmental system next generation excess growth Precise timing and astrometry contract delays 
28 AVIATION SURVIVABILITY 
Program increase 
33 ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY 
Rapid prototype development excess growth Unmanned rapid prototype development excess growth 
34 SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES 
LDUUV support excess growth Project 
2094 LDUUV- continue risk reduction and technology maturation efforts only 
35 SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE 
Long lead material early to need 
42 ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
Flank array demonstration unjustified growth 
Stealth product development excess growth Universal launch and recovery module excess growth Program increase -advance materials 
propeller research 
45 SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES 
Shipboard energy conservation excess growth 
47 ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS 
Energy efficiency previously funded efforts Cybersecurity boundary defense capability excess growth 
52 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) MISSION MODULES 
System test and evaluation prior year carryover 
53 AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST 
Program increase 
56 MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES 
Product development prior year carryover 
58 JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT 
VSW MCM next generation UUV early to need 
61 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 
Environmental sustainability development excess growth 
62 NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM 
Aircraft energy conservation systems engineering prior year carryover Program increase -installation energy efficiency enhancements Program increase -renewable energy 
development 
64 CHALK CORAL 
Program adjustment 
66 RETRACT MAPLE 
Program reduction Budget Request 48,536 
5,239 
57,034 
165,775 
87,066 100,565 
15,805 
36,655 
160,058 
0 
158,682 46,911 
20,343 
52,479 
245,860 
323,526 Final Bill 
44,936 
-3,000 -600 
15,239 
10,000 
3,651 
-39,356 
-14,027 
120,775 
-2,000 -43,000 
71,553 
-15,513 
118,023 
-450 -2,500 
-4,592 
25,000 
13,805 
-2,000 
30,858 
-1,797 
-4,000 
153,608 
-6,450 
15,000 
15,000 
138,762 
-19,920 
45,411 
-1,500 
19,121 
-1,222 
70,879 
-1,600 5,000 15,000 
230,860 
-15,000 
314,776 
-8,750 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1847 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 638 here eh08mr17.162rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
67 LINK PLUMERIA 318,497 284,297 Program adjustment 
-34,200 
71 NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 9,867 8,567 Cooperative research and development unjustified growth 
-1,300 
72 LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY 6,015 18,015 
Program increase -fly off competition 12,000 
74 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS 104,144 102,722 
UCLASS test support unjustified request -1,422 78 
TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES 34,920 26,920 CIRCM 
schedule delays -8,000 
81 LX (R) 6,354 25,354 Program increase -
accelerate LX (R) class of ships 19,000 
82 ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING 78,589 59,479 Program adjustment 
-reflects change to competitive acquisition strategy -35,000 
Navy requested program increase 15,890 
84 PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM 9,910 4,910 
NGLAW program delay -5,000 SPACE 
& ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) 
85 ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT 23,971 20,651 
Maritime concept generation and development excess growth -3,320 OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE 
WARFARE WEAPON 
86 DEVELOPMENT 252,409 300,971 Increment 
II early to need -2,038 
Program increase -
Increment I Navy identified funding shortfall 50,600 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 
87 ENGINEERING/MANUFACTURING 23,197 9,597 Prior year carryover 
-13,600 90 TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT 
19,938 17,938 T-45 schedule 
delays -2,000 
91 OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT 6,268 5,968 H-53 avionics previously funded 
-300 
92 AV-8B AIRCRAFT- ENG DEV 33,664 32,664 
Support carryover -1,000 
97 WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM 13,237 11,537 Navy irregular warfare excess growth 
-1,700 
99 ADVANCED HAWKEYE 363,792 365,178 Mode 
5/S previously funded -225 New start efforts excess growth 
-8,389 
Program increase - radar development 10,000 101 ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS 
34,525 29,525 Multi-static active coherent schedule delays 
-5,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1848 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 639 here eh08mr17.163rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 102 
V-22A 174,423 154,245 Navy variant development contract award delays -11,927 Aerial refueling system development contract award delay -8,251 
103 AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 13,577 7,477 Enhanced visual acuity program delays 
-6,100 104 
EA-18 116,761 104,444 
Design and avionics integration excess growth -10,000 
Developmental 
and operational testing excess growth -2,317 
105 ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 48,766 42,378 Technology development unjustified new start 
-2,016 Intrepid 
Tiger II excess growth -4,372 
109 NEXT GENERATION 
JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II 52,065 18,965 Program growth 
-33,100 110 SURFACE 
COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING 282,764 275,764 
AEGIS baseline 5.3X upgrade excess growth -10,000 
Program increase - small business technology insertion 3,000 
112 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SOB) 97,622 91,622 F-18 integration test asset cost growth 
-6,000 
113 STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS 120,561 120,561 Defer future capability demonstration efforts until completion 
of 
program of record test events -14,000 Fully 
fund unfunded program of record test events 14,000 
118 ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS 85,868 72,868 Program adjustment 
-13,000 
119 SSN-688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION 117,476 123,476 Towed buoy antenna previously funded efforts 
-1,000 
Program increase 7,000 120 AIR CONTROL 47,404 
44,858 
AN/SPN-50 cost growth -2,546 
121 SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS 112,158 116,158 Program increase 
4,000 
124 NEW DESIGN SSN 113,013 130,013 
Program increase -small business technology insertion 10,000 
Program increase 7,000 
125 SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM 43,160 52,160 
Program increase -advanced weapons 
enhanced by submarine unmanned aerial system against mobile targets 
9,000 
126 SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/LIVE FIRE T&E 65,002 85,002 
Program increase - CVN cost reduction initiatives 20,000 130 LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO 
DEVELOPMENT 20,178 30,178 
Program increase - small business technology insertion 10,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1849 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 640 here eh08mr17.164rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
135 SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) 114,475 119,475 Program increase -electronics enclosure redesign efforts 
5,000 
136 SHIP SELF DEFENSE {ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) 114,211 103,889 
EW RCIP unjustified growth -2,322 Project 3316 decoy development effort contract award delay 
-8,000 
137 INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING 11,029 9,029 Excess growth 
-2,000 
138 MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT 9,220 25,220 Program increase -
military dental research 6,000 
Program increase -wound care research 10,000 
139 NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM 42,723 42,723 
ISIS and photonics common software and hardware capabilities 
prior year 
carryover 
-3,000 NAVSTAR GPS 
equipment excess support growth -3,000 Improved GPS 
-Department requested transfer of funds from multiple RDTE,AF lines 
6,000 
142 JSF FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT-MARINE CORPS 74,227 29,691 
Follow-on development excess funds -44,536 143 
JSF FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT-NAVY 63,387 25,355 
Follow-on development excess funds -38,032 
145 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 97,066 90,566 Excess support growth 
-1.800 NAVSEA IT 
excess growth -2,200 SUPERS IT 
excess growth -2,500 
146 ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 2,500 500 
Unjustified request -2,000 
147 CH-53K 404,810 350,810 
Program delay -54,000 
149 COMMON AVIONICS 51,599 49,512 
CNS/ATM prior year carryover -2,087 
152 CARRIER BASED AERIAL REFUELING SYSTEM (CBARS) 89,000 76,422 Air segment product development early to need -12,578 154 
MULTI-MISSION MARITIME 
AIRCRAFT 
(MMA) 59,126 64,126 Program execution 
-5,000 
Program increase -small business technology insertion 10,000 
155 MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) INCREMENT 3 182,220 112,320 
Engineering change proposals 6 and 7 funding concurrent with combat systems architecture early to need 
-69,900 160 TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS 
36,747 34,047 
Excess support growth -2,700 
162 CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 4,942 2,442 Excess growth 
-2,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1850 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 641 here eh08mr17.165rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 
165 MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT 
Program increase -modeling and simulation for ground testing capabilities 
172 MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT 
Program increase -printed circuit board executive agent 
180 MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT 
Studies and analysis excess growth 
182 WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT 
Fleet experimentation excess growth 
188 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) 
Program delays 
190 STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT 
Technical applications programs contract delays 
195 F/A-18 SQUADRONS 
Multi-system integration excess growth Radar upgrade product development previously funded Infrared search and track excess growth Program increase 
-noise reduction research 
198 TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER 
Theater mission planning center previously funded 
Support prior year carryover Maritime modernization program adjustment 
199 INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM 
T ASW prototypes excess growth 
201 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR 
EDM-1 refurbishment previously funded Insufficient budget documentation 
202 CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
TACTS/LATR replacement contract delay Program increase -project 
0604 training range enhancements 
204 ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT 
Electronic warfare/information operations countermeasure capability 
research and development prior year carryover Twisted web excess growth Mocking jay excess growth 
205 HARM IMPROVEMENT 
AARGM threat data library unjustified growth AARGM ER change to acquisition strategy 
208 MK-48 ADCAP 
Program increase 
209 AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS 
F135 engine unjustified growth Budget Request 
42,109 87,077 
22,247 21,123 
84,501 
136,556 189,125 
71,355 
58,542 83,538 38,593 99,998 
48,635 39,134 
120,861 Final Bill 52,109 
10,000 
100,077 
13,000 
19,766 
-2,481 
15,423 
-5,700 
77,001 
-7,500 
131,056 
-5,500 
174,425 
-4,000 -2,700 -10,000 2,000 
43,016 
-4,000 
-6,339 
-18,000 
57,058 
-1,484 
81,038 
-500 -2,000 
45,343 
-2,250 
9,000 
83,292 
-3,206 
-9,300 -4,200 
38,435 
-1,800 -8,400 
49,134 
10,000 
118,861 
-2,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1851 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 642 here eh08mr17.166rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
211 MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS 82,159 99,359 CREW product development prior year carryover 
-800 Program 
increase 6,000 Program 
increase -radar enhancements 12,000 
212 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM 11,850 8,976 
Product development excess growth -2,874 
MARINE 
CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS 
213 SYSTEMS 47,877 41,877 
Project 1555 prior year 
carryover 
-6,000 
214 MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT 13,194 11,700 
Advanced power sources contract delay -1,494 223 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) 37,372 32,116 Joint aerial layer network 
maritime unjustified growth 
-2,000 MUOS 
contract delay -3,256 225 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 38,510 33,310 
Excess growth -5,200 230 UAS INTEGRATION 
AND INTEROPERABILITY 36,509 21,909 Prior 
year carryover -3,000 Increment 
II increase early to need -11,600 
235 RQ-11 UAV 418 0 Fully 
developed program -418 236 
RQ-7 UAV 716 0 Fully 
developed program -716 238 RQ-21A 9,497 8,379 
Inconsistent budget justification -1,118 239 
MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT 77,965 64,765 Excess growth 
-5,000 Project 
3329 increase early to need -8,200 
241 RQ-4 MODERNIZATION 181,266 144,566 Test and evaluation excess growth -2,550 Excess concurrency -34,150 243 
DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) 49,322 38,277 
Project 3384 funding early to need -11,045 999 
CLASSIFIED 
PROGRAMS 1,228,460 1,473,460 
Classified adjustment 245,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1852 March 8, 2017 
STANDARD MISSILE –6 The agreement includes $120,561,000, as re-quested, for Standard Missile–6 (SM–6) im-provements. It is understood that the Navy’s top priority for the SM–6 research, develop-ment, test and evaluation program in fiscal year 2017 is the completion of program of record flight tests and achieving full oper-ational capability for the SM–6 Block I. The Secretary of the Navy is encouraged to prioritize funding allocations accordingly. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, AIR FORCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1853 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 645 here eh08mr17.167rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
1 7 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AIR FORCE 
BASIC RESEARCH 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................ . 
UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................... . 
HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ............... . 
TOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH .............................. . 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
MATERIALS ............................................ . 
AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ....................... . 
HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ................. . 
AEROSPACE PROPULSION ................................. . 
AEROSPACE SENSORS .................................... . 
SPACE TECHNOLOGY ..................................... . 
CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ........... , ................... . 
DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ........................... . 
DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ............ . 
HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................... . 
TOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................ . 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ................ . 
SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ............. . 
ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ........................... . 
AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV I DEMO ........................ . 
AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ............ . 
ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ......................... . 
ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ....................... . 
MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) ................ . 
HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
340,812 
145,044 
1 4. 1 68 
500,024 
126' 152 122,831 
111,647 
185,671 
155,174 
117' 915 
109,649 
127' 163 
161,650 
42,300 
1 '260' 152 
35' 137 
20,636 
40,945 
130,950 
94,594 
58,250 
61 '593 
11 '681 
26,492 FINAL 
BILL 
380,812 
150,044 
14' 168 
545,024 
159,152 
132.831 
111,647 
195,671 
162,674 117,915 
109,649 
127,163 
166,650 
42,300 
1 '325' 652 
53. 137 
20,636 
40,945 
130,950 
109,594 
66' 150 
71,593 
11 ' 681 
26,492 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1854 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 646 here eh08mr17.168rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
23 CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ...................... . 
24 ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .......................... . 
25 MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..................... . 
26 BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..... 
TOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............. . 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT 
27 INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................... . 
28 SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ............................. . 
29 COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ..................... . 
30 NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ........................ . 
32 SPACE PROTECTION PROGRAM (SPP) ....................... . 
33 INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE ................... . 
34 POLLUTION PREVENTION (OEM/VAL) ....................... . 
35 LONG RANGE STRIKE .................................... . 
36 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS ...................... . 
37 TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER .................................. . 
38 HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM .......... . 
39 WEATHER SATELLITE FOLLOW-ON .......................... . 
40 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS .................... . 
41 DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D ........... . 
42 OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ....................... . 
43 TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM .............................. . 
44 GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ..................... . 
46 NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ........................ . 
47 THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR ................... . 
48 NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) ... . 
49 COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (COL EA) ............ . 
50 CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............. . 
51 ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES ............................. . 
52 CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM ............ . 
TOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT .............. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
102,009 
39,064 
46,344 
58' 11 0 
725,805 
5,598 
7,534 
24,418 
4,333 
32.399 
108,663 
1,358,309 
34,818 
3,368 
74,308 
118,953 
9,901 
25.890 
7,921 
347,304 
113.919 
20,595 
49,491 
278,147 
42,338 
158.002 
15,842 
5,782 
2,847,833 FINAL 
BILL 
1 07. 009 
49,064 
62,344 
58.110 
807,705 
5,598 
7,534 
24,418 
4,333 
32,399 
113,663 
3,500 
1,338,309 
34,818 
8,368 
54,708 
93,953 
9,901 
25,890 
18' 421 
385,304 
113.919 
20,595 
49,491 
309,047 
42,338 
158.002 
15,842 
5,782 
2' 876' 1 33 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1855 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 647 here eh08mr17.169rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT 
54 ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ....................... . 
55 TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE .................... . 
56 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ..... , .................... . 
57 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SOB) ........................... . 
58 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ................................. . 
59 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................. , .. . 
60 SPACE FENCE .......................................... . 
61 AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ........................... . 
62 SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ......... . 
63 ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ........................ . 
64 SUBMUNITIONS ......................................... . 
65 AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ................................. . 
66 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ......................... . 
67 LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ................................. . 
68 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................... . 
69 F-35 -EMO ........................................... . 
70 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE) .... . 
71 LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ........................... . 
72 ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION .............................. . 
73 JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER ( JTNC) ................. . 
74 F-22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.28 .................... . 
75 GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT ............... . 
76 NEXT GENERATION AERIAL REFUELING AIRCRAFT KC-46 ...... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1 2' 4 76 
82,380 
8,458 54,838 34,394 
23,945 
168,364 
9.187 
181,966 
20,312 
2,503 53,680 
9,901 
7,520 
77,409 
450,467 
296,572 
95,604 
189,751 
1 1 1 31 
70,290 
937 
261 '724 FINAL 
BILL 
5' 176 
82,380 
8,458 
39' 138 
34,394 
23,945 
168,364 
9,187 
161,966 
20,312 
2,503 
50,680 
9,901 
7,520 
68,409 
450,467 
396,572 
95,604 
189,751 
1 '131 
70,290 
937 
229,924 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1856 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 648 here eh08mr17.170rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
-
77 ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING .............................. . 
78 CSAR HH-60 RECAPITALIZATION .......................... . 
80 ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) ....................... . 
81 POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) .............................. . 
82 WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) ....................... . 
83 AIR AND SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 ........................ . 
84 B-2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ...................... . 
85 NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ........................ . 
86 F -15 EPAWSS .......................................... . 
87 FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ......................... . 
88 COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR ....................... . 
89 NEXTGEN JSTARS ....................................... . 
90 PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT .................... . 
91 AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................... . 
TOTAL, ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT ..... . BUDGET 
REQUEST FINAL 
BILL 
-~-~------w.,_.,.,..,.,..,.,,....,_.,. .... ._.., 
12,377 7. 377 
319,331 273,331 259,131 229,131 
50,815 45,815 41,632 76,632 28,911 
21 '911 315,615 
289,015 137,909 137,909 
256,669 250,669 12,051 12,051 
29,253 29,253 
128,019 128,019 351,220 322,220 19,062 
14,562 
4,075,804 3,964,904 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1857 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 649 here eh08mr17.171rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
92 THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ........... , ............. . 21 '630 21,630 
93 MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ................................. . 66,385 66,385 
94 RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................... . 34,641 34,641 
96 INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ................ . 11 '529 11 • 529 
97 TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .......................... . 661,417 676,417 
98 ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ................ . 11 ,198 11 '198 
99 SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) ............................. . 27,070 42,070 
100 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION · TEST & EVAL .. 134,111 1 34 ' 111 
101 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT · TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .. 28,091 28,091 
102 REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ................. . 29.100 34' 1 00 
103 SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ............ . 18,528 18,528 
104 SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE .... . 176,666 171,666 
105 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) ................ . 4,410 4,410 
106 ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ................... . 141 613 14' 613 
107 GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................... . 1 '404 1 '404 
109 INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES ............................. . 4,784 4,784 
TOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .................... . 1,245,577 1,275.577 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1858 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 650 here eh08mr17.172rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
110 GPS I I I OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ........... . 
111 SPEC I ALI ZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ............ . 
112 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................... . 115 
AIR FORCE INTEGRATED MILITARY HUMAN RESOURCES SYSTEM .. 
116 ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY .............. . 
117 FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ........ . 
118 HC/MC-130 RECAP RDT&E ............................... .. 
119 B-52 SQUADRONS ....................................... . 
120 AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................... . 
1 21 B -1 B SQUADRONS ....................................... . 122 
B-2 SQUADRONS ........................................ . 
123 MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ................................. . 
124 STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM -USSTRATCOM ............... . 
126 WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ............. . 
128 UH·1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ............................ . 
129 REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION .. 
130 SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM SPACE ACTIVITIES ....... . 
131 MQ-9 UAV ............................................. . 
133 A -10 SQUADRONS ....................................... . 
134 F-16 SQUADRONS ....................................... . 1 
35 F -15E SQUADRONS .......... , ....... , ................... . 
136 MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION ....................... . 
137 F-22 SQUADRONS ....................................... . 
138 F-35 SQUADRONS ....................................... . 
139 TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................... . 
140 ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) .... . 
143 COMBAT RESCUE · PARARESCUE ........................... . 
144 AF TENCAP ............................................ . 
145 PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ................. . 
146 COMPASS CALL ......................................... . 
147 AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
393,268 15,427 46,695 
10,368 
31 '952 42,960 13,987 78,267 
453 
5,830 152,458 182,958 39' 
148 
6,042 
14,116 1 
0' 868 
8,674 
151 '373 14,853 132,795 356,717 14' 
773 
387,564 
153,045 
52,898 62,470 
362 
28,413 
649 
13,723 109,859 FINAL 
BILL 
393,268 18,427 46,695 
10' 368 
31 '952 42,960 8,987 83,267 
453 
3,930 
127,458 178,958 39' 
148 
13,042 14,116 10,868 8,674 138,373 4,853 120,195 356,717 
14,773 
376,464 76,713 52,898 
62,470 
362 
28,413 
649 
13,723 
109,859 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1859 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 651 here eh08mr17.173rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
148 JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ........ . 
149 AIR AND SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ................ . 
150 CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ................... . 
151 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) .......... . 152 
TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS .................... . 
154 COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ............ . 
155 TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY--HOD ...................... . 156 
C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK ............................. . 
157 DCAPES ............................................... . 158 
SEEK EAGLE ........................................... . 159 
USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ........................ . 
160 WARGAHING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ..................... . 
161 DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................... . 
162 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ............................. . 
164 AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................... . 165 
AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................... . 168 
GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........... . 
169 NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) ......... . 175 
SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE ....................... . 176 
E-4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER {NAOC) ...... . 
177 FAMILY OF ADVANCED BloS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ............ . 
178 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK ... . 
179 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ................. . 
180 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................... . 
181 GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT · DATA INITIATIVE ............ . 
184 AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................... . 187 
GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ................. . 188 
SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) .................... . 
189 WEATHER SERVICE ...................................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
30,002 
37,621 13,292 86,644 2,442 
10,911 
11 1843 
1 . 515 
14,979 
25,308 
16,666 4,245 3,886 
71 '785 25,025 29,439 
3,470 4,060 
13,880 30.948 42,378 47,471 46,388 
52 
2,099 90,762 
4,354 15,624 
19' 974 FINAL 
BILL 
21 '902 30,343 
13' 292 
86,644 2,442 15,911 
11 • 843 
1 1 515 
14,979 25,308 16,666 4,245 3,886 
71 . 785 
25,025 
39,439 
3,470 4,060 
1 2' 380 
26,048 42,378 
40' 1 71 
37,388 
52 
2,099 90,762 
4,354 14,624 19,974 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1860 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 652 here eh08mr17.174rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
190 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, & LANDING SYSTEM (ATC). 
191 AERIAL TARGETS ....................................... . 
194 SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ................ . 
195 ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION .......................... . 
196 DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ......... . 199 
SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ......... . 
SPACE INNOVATION. INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY 
200 DEVELOPMENT ........................................ . 
201 INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE ......................... . 
202 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) ...................... . 
203 DRAGON U · 2 ........................................... . 
204 ENDURANCE UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ..... , ............. . 
205 AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ...................... . 
206 MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ........................ . 
207 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............ . 
208 RQ-4 UAV ............................................. . 
209 NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGET (TIARA) ......... . 
211 NATO AGS ............................................. . 
212 SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................... . 
213 ADVANCED EVALUATION PROGRAM .......................... . 
214 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ................................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
9' 770 
3,051 
405 
4,844 
339 
3,989 
3,070 
8,833 
11,867 
37,217 
3,841 
20,975 18,902 256,307 22,610 38,904 
23,084 
116,143 
141 '888 FINAL 
BILL 
17,770 
3,051 
405 
4,844 
339 
3,989 1 
'570 
8,833 
21 1867 
37,217 
50,000 
13,841 
20,975 18,902 244,807 
22,610 
38,904 23,084 
171,888 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1861 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 653 here eh08mr17.175rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND 
215 ARCHITECTURES ...................................... . 
216 JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM ................................. . 
217 RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION .............................. . 
218 NCMC -TW/AA SYSTEM ................................... . 
219 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) ....................... . 
220 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ................. . 
222 SHARED EARLY WARNING {SEW) ........................... . 
223 C-130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................... . 
224 C-5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS ................................ . 
225 C-17 AIRCRAFT ........................................ . 
226 C -130J PROGRAM ....................................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
2,360 
72,889 
4,280 
4 '951 
21,093 
35,002 
6,366 
15,599 
66' 146 
12,430 
16' 776 FINAL 
BILL 
2,360 
72,889 
4,280 
4. 951 
21,093 
35,002 
6,366 
15,599 
66' 146 
12,430 
16' 776 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1862 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 654 here eh08mr17.176rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
227 LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM} ........... . 
228 KC-10$ ............................................... . 
229 OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT .......................... . 
230 cv. 22 ... ' .. ' ' ... ' . ' ' ' . ' ....... ' . ' . ' .. ' ' ' .. ' ... ' ...... . 
231 SPECIAL TACTICS I COMBAT CONTROL ..................... . 
232 DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................... . 
233 LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ............. . 
238 SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................... . 
235 OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ................................ . 
236 OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................... . 
237 JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ...................... . 
238 CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ........................ . 
239 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ............................. . 
240 AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ................ . 
242 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
5' 166 
13,817 
16,702 
7,164 
i . 518 
61 '676 
9.128 
1 '653 
57 
3,663 
3,735 
5' 157 
1. 523 
1 0' 581 
TOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT.............. 4,365,499 9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS................................... 13,091,557 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AIR FORCE 28,112,251 
============= FINAL 
BILL 
5,166 
3,500 
13,817 
16' 702 
7' 164 
1 '518 
57,676 
9,128 
1 '653 
57 
3,663 
3,735 
5' 157 
1 '523 
10' 581 
4,175,846 
12,817,707 
27,788,548 ----------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1863 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 655 here eh08mr17.177rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
R-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
1 DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 340,812 380,812 
Program increase -basic research 40,000 
2 UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES 145,044 150,044 
Program increase 5,000 
4 MATERIALS 126,152 159,152 
Program increase -electronics, optics and survivability 8,000 
Program increase -structures, propulsion, and subsystems 5,000 
Program increase -Air Force education and outreach program 10,000 
Program increase -coating technologies 4,000 
Program increase -certification of advanced materials 6,000 
5 AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES 122,831 132,831 
Program increase -hypersonic vehicle structures 10,000 
7 AEROSPACE PROPULSION 185,671 195,671 
Program increase -aerospace power technology 5,000 
Program increase 5,000 
8 AEROSPACE SENSORS 155,174 162,674 
Program increase -electronic component technology 4,000 
Program increase -spectrum monitoring 3,500 
12 DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS 161,650 166,650 
Program increase 5,000 
14 ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS 35,137 53,137 
Program increase -metals affordability research 17,000 
Program increase -protective equipment 1,000 
18 AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY 94,594 109,594 
Program increase -silicon carbide research 15,000 
19 ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY 58,250 66,150 
Improved GPS -Department requested realignment of funds from lines 38, 54, 57, 121, 137, and 148 
7,900 
20 ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY 61,593 71,593 
Program increase 10,000 
23 CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY 102,009 107,009 
Program increase 5,000 
24 ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY 39,064 49,064 
Program increase 10,000 
25 MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 46,344 62,344 
Program increase -additive manufacturing 10,000 
Program increase 6,000 
33 ICBM OEM/VAL 108,663 113,663 
Program growth -5,000 
Program increase -solid rocket motor technology 10,000 
34 POLLUTION PREVENTION OEM/VAL 0 3,500 
Program increase -aviation ground equipment 3,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1864 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 656 here eh08mr17.178rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
35 LONG RANGE STRIKE-BOMBER 1,358,309 1,338,309 
Forward financing -20,000 
37 TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 3,368 8,368 
Program increase 5,000 
HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM 
38 (HDBTDS) 74,308 54,708 
Improved GPS-Department requested realignment of funds to lines 19 and 48 and RDTE,N line 139 
-19,600 
39 WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON 118,953 93,953 
Unjustified request -30,000 
Program increase -commercial weather pilot program 5,000 
42 OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE 7,921 18,421 
Program increase -maintain fiscal year 2016 funding level 10,500 
43 TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM 347,304 385,304 
Program increase -alternative energy research 20,000 
Program increase -logistics technologies 12,000 Program 
increase -counter electronics high powered microwave advanced missile project 
6,000 
48 NAVSTAR GPS (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) 278,147 309,047 
Unjustified cost growth -4,000 Improved GPS -
Department requested realignment of funds from lines 38,54,57,121,137, and 148 
34,900 
54 ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 12,476 5,176 
Improved GPS - Department requested realignment of funds to RDTE,AF lines 19 and 48 and RDTE,N line 139 
-3,300 
Forward financing -4,000 
57 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB 54,838 39,138 
Improved GPS - Department requested realignment of funds to RDTE,AF lines 19 and 48 and RDTE,N line 139 
-7,800 
Forward financing -7,900 
62 SBIRS HIGH 181,966 161,966 
Unjustified request -20,000 
65 AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT 53,680 50,680 
CE readiness -forward financing -15,000 Program 
increase 12,000 
68 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES 77,409 68,409 
Forward financing -9,000 
70 EELV-EMD (SPACE) 296,572 396,572 
Program increase 100,000 
76 KC-46 261,724 229,924 
EMD funds excess to need (ECO) -31,800 
77 ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING 12,377 7,377 
EMD schedule slip -5,000 
78 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER (HH-60 RECAP) 319,331 273,331 
Forward financing -46,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1865 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00269 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 657 here eh08mr17.179rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
80 ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) 259,131 229,131 Unjustified request 
-30,000 
81 POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) 50,815 45,815 Unjustified request 
-5,000 
82 WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) 41,632 76,632 
COMSATCOM pilot program 10,000 COMSATCOM Pathfinder 
3-transfer from SP,AF line 5 30,000 Prior 
year carryover -5,000 
83 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER 10.2 28,911 21,911 
AOC 10.2 program delays -7,000 
84 B-2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 315,615 289,015 EMD excess funds 
-26,600 
86 F-15 EPAWSS 256,669 250,669 Excess funds 
-6,000 90 PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT 
351,220 322,220 Preliminary design funding early to need 
-29,000 
91 AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS 19,062 14,562 
Program growth -4,500 
97 TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 661,417 676,417 
Program increase 15,000 
99 SPACE TEST PROGRAM 27,070 42,070 Program 
increase 15,000 102 REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS 
& MATURATION 29,100 34,100 Program 
increase 5,000 104 SPACE 
AND MISSILE CENTER CIVILIAN WORKFORCE 176,666 171,666 
Prior year carryover -5,000 
111 SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING 15,427 18,427 
Program increase -remotely piloted aircraft training 3,000 
118 HC/MC-130 RECAP 13,987 8,987 Block 
8.1 forward financing -5,000 
119 B-52 SQUADRONS 78,267 83,267 
Program increase 5,000 
121 B-1B SQUADRONS 5,830 3,930 
Improved GPS -Department requested realignment of funds to lines 19 and 48 and RDTE,N line 139 
-1,900 
122 B-2 SQUADRONS 152,458 127,458 AEHF strategic comms 
-25,000 
123 MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS 182,958 178,958 
ASU excess funds -4,000 
126 WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS 6,042 13,042 
Program increase -nuclear command, control, and communications development 
7,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1866 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00270 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 658 here eh08mr17.180rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
131 MQ-9 151,373 138,373 
Program growth -13,000 
133 A-1 0 SQUADRONS 14,853 4,853 Funding excess 
to need -10,000 
134 F-16 SQUADRONS 132,795 120,195 Operational 
flight program funding excess to need -12,600 
137 F-22 SQUADRONS 387,564 376,464 
Improved GPS - Department requested realignment of funds to lines 19 and 48 and RDTE,N 
line 139 -8,100 Small 
projects unjustified growth -15,000 Program 
increase -F-22 software 12,000 
138 F-35 SQUADRONS 153,045 76,713 
Follow-on modernization ahead of need -76,332 148 
JASSM 30,002 21,902 
Improved GPS -Department requested realignment of funds to lines 
19 and 48 and RDTE,N line 139 -8,100 
149 AIR AND SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER 37,621 30,343 AOC 
weapon system modification new start early to need -12,278 
AOC 10.1 -Air Force requested transfer of weapon system modification new start funds 
5,000 
154 COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM 10,911 15,911 
Program increase 5,000 
165 AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 29,439 39,439 
Program increase 10,000 
175 SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE 13,880 12,380 
Unjustified request -1,500 
176 E-4B NAOC 30,948 26,048 
Recap -excess funds -4,900 
178 MEECN 47,471 40,171 GAS 
NT Increment 2 
-excess funds 
-7,300 
179 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 46,388 37,388 Forward financing 
-9,000 
188 SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) 15,624 14,624 Underexecution 
-1,000 190 ATCALS 9,770 17,770 Program 
increase 8,000 SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION 
AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY 200 DEVELOPMENT 3,070 1,570 
Unjustified request -1,500 202 SPACELIFT 
RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) 11,867 21,867 
Program increase -space launch range services and capability 10,000 204 ENDURANCE UAV 0 50,000 Program 
increase 50,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1867 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00271 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 659 here eh08mr17.181rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 205 AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS 
3,841 13,841 Program increase -wide area 
surveillance 10,000 208 RQ-4 256,307 244,807 
Forward financing -11,500 
213 ADVANCED EVALUATION PROGRAM 116,143 0 
Program decrease -116,143 214 
GPS Ill SPACE SEGMENT 141,888 171,888 Program increase -
operational M-code risk mitigation for OCS 30,000 
228 KC-10 0 3,500 
Continue Mode 5 program 3,500 
233 LOG IT 61,676 57,676 Contract savings 
-4,000 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 13,091,557 12,817,707 Classified 
adjustment -273,850 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1868 March 8, 2017 
LONG RANGE STRIKE BOMBER  The Inspector General of the Department of Defense is directed to conduct an evalua-tion and submit a report as described under this heading in Senate Report 114–263 not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act. In addition, the agreement des-ignates the long range strike bomber pro-gram as a congressional special interest item for purposes of transfer of funds and prior ap-proval reprogramming procedures. 
JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET ATTACK RADAR  
SYSTEM RECAPITALIZATION  The agreement includes a provision that prohibits the obligation or expenditure of funds provided for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS) re-capitalization program on pre-milestone B activities after March 31, 2018. The agree-ment fully funds the request of $128,019,000 for the program, of which only $68,000,000 is required to conclude sufficient progress on radar risk reduction activities. The Sec-retary of the Air Force should apply the re-maining funds to other risk reduction activi-ties and the source selection process to ac-celerate entry into the engineering and man-ufacturing development (EMD) phase of the program. The Secretary of the Air Force and the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics) are directed to provide a briefing to the congressional de-fense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act on a compressed acquisition schedule and funding profile for the JSTARS recapitalization program to achieve initial operational capability and full operational capability as early as pos-sible. The briefing shall detail the schedule for the EMD phase including source selection and contract award for EMD. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, DEFENSE-WIDE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00272 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1869 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00273 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 663 here eh08mr17.182rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS} 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE-WIDE 
BASIC RESEARCH 
DTRA UNIVERSITY STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP BASIC RESEARCH .. 
2 DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ............................ . 3 
BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES .......................... . 4 
BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ........... . 5 
NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ................... . 6 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES & UNIV (HBCU} ............ . 7 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 
TOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH .............................. . 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
8 JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................... . 
g BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................ . 
10 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ........................ . 
11 LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ................ . 
12 APPLIED RESEARCH FOR ADVANCEMENT S&T PRIORITIES ...... . 
13 INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ............ . 
14 BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ........................... . 
15 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 
16 CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH .............................. . 
17 TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY .................................. . 
18 MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY .................. . 
19 ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................... . 
20 WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES ...... . 
21 SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ....................... . 
22 SPECIAL OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............ . 
TOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
35,436 362,297 36,654 57,791 69,345 23,572 
44,800 
__ ,..,._~_w _____ 
629,895 
17' 745 
115,213 
30,000 
48,269 
42,206 
353,635 
21 '250 
188,715 12. 
183 
313,843 
220,456 
221,911 154,857 
8,420 37,820 
__________ .... _ 
1,786,523 FINAL 
BILL 
35,436 362,297 68' 
154 
57,791 79,345 33,572 
44,800 
.................... ----
681,395 
17' 745 
115,213 
10,000 
48,269 
42,206 
353,635 21.250 193. 
715 
12' 183 
313,843 
220,456 
211,911 154,857 
8,420 46,220 
.. ................. -----
1,769,923 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1870 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00274 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 664 here eh08mr17.183rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
23 JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECH INSENSITIVE MUNITIONS AD 
25 COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ............... . 
26 FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING .......................... . 
27 COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES--PROLIF PREV & DEFEAT 
28 ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ......... . 
30 WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................... . 
31 ADVANCED C4ISR ....................................... . 
32 ADVANCED RESEARCH .................................... . 
33 JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....... . 
35 SPECIAL PROGRAM--MDA TECHNOLOGY ...................... . 
36 ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ........................... . 
37 SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ........................ . 
38 ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ................................. . 
39 ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ............ . 
40 COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY ................. , ..... . 
41 TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ............................... . 
42 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM · ADVANCED DEV 
43 RETRACT LARCH ........................................ . 
44 JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................. . 
45 JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ........... . 
46 NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ................ . 
47 DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROG 
48 MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..................... . 
49 EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......... . 
50 GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ...... . 
52 STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ............. . 
53 MICROELECTRONIC TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT .... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
23,902 
73,002 
19,343 
266,444 
17,880 
71,843 
3,626 
23,433 
17,256 
83,745 
182,327 
175,240 
12' 048 
57,020 
39,923 
127,941 
181,977 
22,030 
148' 184 
9,331 
158,398 
31,259 
49,895 
11,011 
65,078 
97,826 FINAL 
BILL 
23,902 
115,502 
19' 343 
266,444 
15,015 
49,643 
3,626 
23,433 
17' 256 
11 '795 
182,327 
160,240 
12,048 
57,020 
56,513 
19,923 
132,941 
181,977 
22,030 
132,184 
9,331 
158,398 
41 '259 
55,895 
40,011 
65,078 
89.826 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1871 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00275 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 665 here eh08mr17.184rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
54 JOINT WARF I GHTI NG PROGRAM ............................. 
55 ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ..................... 
56 COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........... 
57 NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .................... 
58 SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ..................................... 
59 DEFENSE RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM ...................... 
60 SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ........................ 
61 QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS ....................... 
63 ENGINEERING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY .................... 
64 TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................ 
65 OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ............. 
66 CWMD SYSTEMS .......................................... 
67 SPECIAL OPERATIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .... 
TOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............. . 
DEMONSTRATION & VALIDATION 
68 NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT .. 
69 WALKOFF .............................................. . 
71 ACQUISITION ENTERPRISE DATA AND INFORMATION SERVICES .. 
72 ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM 
73 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT .... 
74 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ... 
75 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 
76 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS .................... . 
77 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE ENABLING PROGRAMS .......... . 
78 SPECIAL PROGRAMS · MDA ...................... , ........ . 
79 AEGIS BMD ............................................ . 
80 SPACE SURVEILLANCE & TRACKING SYSTEM ................. . 
81 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ...... . 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE 
82 MANAGEMENT ......................................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
7,848 
49,807 
155,081 
428,894 
241,288 
14' 264 
74,943 
17,659 
87,135 
37,329 
44,836 
61,620 
3,190,666 
28,498 
89,643 
2' 136 
52' 491 
206,834 
862,080 
138,187 
230,077 
401,594 
321,607 
959,066 
32. 129 
20,690 
439,617 FINAL 
BILL 
4,848 
49,807 
155,081 
419,894 
241,288 
250,000 
14,264 
79,943 
22,659 
92. 135 
42,329 
21 '236 
90,620 
3,447,064 
26,498 
89,643 
2' 136 46,491 
201 '834 
967,780 
138,187 
221,977 
426,594 
304.677 
919,066 
32. 129 
20,690 
433,278 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1872 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00276 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 666 here eh08mr17.185rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
83 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT .... 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE INTERGRATION AND OPERATIONS 
84 CENTER (MDIOC) ..................................... . 
85 REGARDING TRENCH ..................................... . 
86 SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ......................... . 
87 ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ......................... . 
88 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ....................... . 
89 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ................ , ... . 
90 HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ............................... . 
91 COALITION WARFARE .................................... . 
92 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM .............. . 
93 TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................... . 
94 MISSILE DEFEAT PROJECT ............................... . 
95 ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ..................... . 
97 DOD UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVELOPMENT. 
99 WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) .... 
JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT. INTEGRATION AND 
102 INTEROPERABILITY ................................... . 
104 LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR ................. , .. , .. 
105 IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............... . 
106 BMD TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST .................... . 
107 AEGIS BMD TEST ....................................... . 108 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ................ . 
109 LAND-BASED SM-3 (LBSM3) .............................. . 
110 AEGIS SM-3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT .................. . 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIOCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT 
111 TEST ............................................... . 
112 MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ............................ . 
114 JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ....... . 
115 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ............................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
47,776 
54,750 
8,785 68,787 103,835 293,441 563.576 
10,007 
1 0' 1 26 
3,893 
90,266 45,000 844,870 3,320 4,000 
23,642 
162,012 
274,148 63,444 95,012 
83,250 
43,293 
106,038 
56' 481 
71 . 513 
2,636 
969 FINAL 
BILL 
47,776 
54,750 
8,785 85,787 268,735 294,441 
531 '476 
10,007 10' 
126 
13,893 86,392 
45,000 
834,870 
7,320 4,000 
23,642 
170' 112 
219,346 58,444 
95,012 
88' 150 
43,293 
106,038 
62,781 2,636 
969 
115X RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM.. . .. .. . .. .. .. .. . .. .. . . .. .. . 100,000 
TOTAL, DEMONSTRATION & VALIDATION .................. . 6,919,519 7' 1 04' 761 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1873 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00277 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 667 here eh08mr17.186rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT 
116 NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT .. 
117 PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT .......... . 
118 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 
120 JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) 
121 WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES ..... ,. 
122 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................... . 
12 3 HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE .......... , .... . 
124 DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ........................ . 
126 DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .. 
128 DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES FINANCIAL SYSTEM .......... . 
129 DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) .... ,., 
130 TRUSTED FOUNDRY ...................................... . 
131 DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITY ....... . 
132 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ......... , ............... . 
133 DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ... 
TOTAL, ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT ..... . 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
134 DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ............ . 
135 JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT ............... . 
136 CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT .... 
137 ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ...... , ....... , .. ,., ...... . 
138 MISSION SUPPORT ...................................... . 
139 JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) .. , .. 
140 TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ............. . 
142 JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION. 
143 CLASSIFIED PROGRAM USD(P) ............................ . 
144 SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..................... , ...... ,., .. ,. 
145 STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT ......................... . 
146 NUCLEAR MATTERS -PHYSICAL SECURITY .................. . 
147 SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ...... . 
148 GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ................ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
10,324 181.303 
266,231 
1 6' 288 
4,568 
11 '505 
1 '658 
2,920 
12,631 26,657 4,949 
69,000 
9,881 
7,600 2,703 
628,218 4,678 4,499 219,199 28,706 69,244 
87,080 23,069 
32,759 32,429 3,797 
5,302 
7,246 
1 '87 4 FINAL 
BILL 
10,324 161,303 
281 '231 16,288 4,568 
11 '505 
1 '658 
2.920 
12,631 26,657 4,949 
69,000 
8,681 
7,600 2,703 622,018 
4,678 
3,099 
219,199 
28,706 
69,244 
67,080 
21,469 32,759 
130,000 
32,429 2,797 
5,302 
7,246 
1 '874 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1874 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00278 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 668 here eh08mr17.187rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
149 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 
158 SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH/TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
159 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS .......................... . 
160 DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (OTIC) .......... . 
161 R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING & EVALUATION 
162 DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ...................... . 
163 MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT) ..... . 
MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
164 CENTER {OTIC) ...................................... . 
165 BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS ....................... . 
166 OPERATIONS SECURITY (OPSEC) .......................... . 
167 JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT ....................... . 
170 SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES .. . 
171 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE ............ . 
172 COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS ....................... . 
173 CYBER INTELLIGENCE ................................... . 
175 COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION. 
176 MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS -MDA ........................ . 
179 JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) ......................... . 
9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ... , ............ , ................. . 
TOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ... , ......... , ...... . 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
181 ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) ..................... . 
182 REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH & PARTNERSHIP FOR PEAC 
183 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SY 
184 INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ..... . 
185 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................... . 
186 GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT., ..... . 
187 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS D 
189 PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM ........... , ......... . 
190 C4I INTEROPERABILITY ................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
85,754 
2' 187 
22' 650 
43,834 
22,240 
1 9' 541 
4,759 
4,400 4,014 2,072 
7,464 
857 
916 
15,336 18,523 34,384 
31 '160 
827 
56,799 
897,599 
4,241 
1 '424 
287 
1 6. 195 
4' 194 
7,861 33,361 
3,038 57,501 FINAL 
SILL 
85,754 
2' 187 
25,650 
43,834 
15,240 
21 . 541 
4,759 
4,400 4,014 2,072 
5,464 
857 916 
15,336 
10,523 
29,984 
31 '160 
827 
56,799 
987' 199 
4,241 
1 . 424 
287 
16. 195 
4' 194 
7,861 
33,361 
3,038 57,501 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1875 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00279 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 669 here eh08mr17.188rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
192 JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ........... . 196 
NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ........ . 
197 DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING & INTEGRATION. 
198 LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS ( DCS) ....................... . 
199 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK .... 
200 PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE ( PKI) ...................... . 
201 KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE ( KMI) .................. . 
202 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ................. . 
203 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ................. . 
204 GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .................... . 
205 JOINT SPECTRUM CENTER (DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION). 
207 JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (JIE) ..... , ............ . 
209 FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 
210 TELEPORT PROGRAM ..................................... . 
215 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ............................ . 
220 POLICY R&D PROGRAMS .................................. . 
221 NET CENTRICITY .................. . 
223 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............ . 
226 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............ . 
229 INSIDER THREAT ....................................... . 
230 HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM ......... . 
236 INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ...................... . 
238 PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS ............................. . 
239 DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM ............... . 
240 MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (JCS) ........................ . 
241 MQ-9 UAV ............................................. . 
244 SPECIAL OPERATIONS AVIATION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEV ..... . 
245 SPECIAL OPERATIONS INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ... 
246 SOF OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................... . 
247 WARRIOR SYSTEMS ...................................... . 
248 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ..................................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
5,935 
575 
18,041 
13,994 
12,206 
34,314 
36,602 
8,876 159,068 24,438 
13' 1 97 
2,789 
75,000 
657 
1. 553 
6,204 
17,971 5,415 
3,030 5,034 2,037 13,800 
1,754 
2. 154 
826 
17' 804 
159,143 7,958 64,895 44,885 
1 '949 FINAL 
BILL 
5,509 
575 
18,041 13,994 
12,206 
34,314 
36,602 
8,876 
161,068 
21,438 13,197 2.789 
75,000 
657 
1 '553 
3,204 
17.971 5,415 
3,030 5,034 7,037 13,800 
1 . 754 
2. 154 
826 
17.804 
158,253 5,958 54,895 65,885 
1 • 949 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1876 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00280 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 670 here eh08mr17.189rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
249 UNMANNED ISR ......................................... . 
250 SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ................................ . 
251 SOF MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................. . 
252 SOF GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............. . 
253 SOF OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ............ . 
TOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............. . 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
22' 117 
3,316 
54,577 
3,841 
11,834 
985,891 
3,270,515 FINAL 
BILL 
22' 117 
3,316 
54,577 
3,841 
11 '834 
994,575 3,221,615 
DARPA UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTION......................... -50,000 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DEF-WIDE. 18,308,826 18,778,550 ------------- -------------- ---------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1877 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00281 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 671 here eh08mr17.190rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
R-1 Budget Request 
3 BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES 
Program increase 
5 NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM 
Program increase 
6 HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES & UNIVERSITIES (HBCU) Program increase 
10 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION 
Program decrease 15 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Program increase 19 
ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY 
Unjustified growth 22 
SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT Program increase Program increase thermal signature management technology 25 
COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 
Program increase - Israeli tunneling 28 ADVANCED 
CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE 
ASSESSMENT 
Test delays 30 WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY 
Directed energy research unjustified growth 35 
SPECIAL PROGRAM -MDA TECHNOLOGY 
Program decrease 37 
SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY 
Unjustified growth 
40 COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY MOKV 
-transfer from line 112 
41 TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION Classified 
program adjustment 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM- ADVANCED 42 DEVELOPMENT Program increase 45 
JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS 
Program decrease 48 MANUFACTURING 
TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 
Program increase 49 
EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT Program increase 36,654 69,345 23,572 30,000 
188,715 221,911 
37,820 73,002 17,880 
71,843 83,745 175,240 
0 
39,923 127,941 148,184 31,259 49,895 Final Bill 
68,154 
31,500 
79,345 
10,000 
33,572 
10,000 10,000 -20,000 
193,715 
5,000 
211,911 
-10,000 
46,220 
3,400 5,000 
115,502 
42,500 
15,015 -2,865 49,643 
-22,200 
11,795 
-71,950 160,240 -15,000 
56,513 56,513 19,923 
-20,000 
132,941 
5,000 
132,184 
-16,000 
41,259 
10,000 
55,895 
6,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1878 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00282 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 672 here eh08mr17.191rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 50 GENERIC LOGISTICS 
R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS 11,011 40,011 
Program increase 4,000 
Program increase -national security technology accelerator 25,000 
53 MICROELECTRONIC TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 97,826 89,826 Unobligated balances 
-8,000 
54 JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM 7,848 4,848 Prior year carryover 
-3,000 
57 NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY 428,894 419,894 Program decrease 
-9,000 
59 DEFENSE RAPID INNOVATION FUND 0 250,000 
Program increase 250,000 
61 QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS 74,943 79,943 Forward financing 
-5,000 
Program increase 10,000 
63 ENGINEERING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 17,659 22,659 Program increase 
5,000 
64 TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY 87,135 92,135 Program increase 
5,000 
65 OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT 37,329 42,329 Program increase 
5,000 
66 CWMD SYSTEMS 44,836 21,236 Program decrease 
-23,600 SPECIAL OPERATIONS 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 
67 DEVELOPMENT 61,620 90,620 
Program increase 29,000 
NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY 
68 EQUIPMENT 28,498 26,498 Unobligated balances 
-2,000 ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION 
72 PROGRAM 52,491 46,491 Unobligated balances 
-6,000 
73 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT 206,834 201,834 
THAAD development previously funded efforts -5,000 
74 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT 862,080 967,780 Software 
delays -5,000 
Program increase 110,700 
76 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS 230,077 221,977 LRDR program office 
-transfer to line 104 -8,100 
77 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE ENABLING PROGRAMS 401,594 426,594 Program increase -cyber training and enhancements 
25,000 
78 SPECIAL PROGRAMS -MDA 321,607 304,677 
Program decrease -16,930 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1879 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00283 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 673 here eh08mr17.192rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
79 AEGIS BMD 959,066 919,066 Aegis BMD 6.x development excess growth 
-10,000 SM-3 I 
lA development excess growth -20,000 SM-3 
Block IIA FTM-29 flight test integration not required due to program delays 
-10,000 
82 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE C2BMC 439,617 433,278 Development and deployment unauthorized prior year funding -7,239 Communications unjustified growth 
-3,000 
Program increase -FTG-11 test acceleration 3,900 
86 SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) 68,787 85,787 Test previously completed 
-3,000 
Program increase -reliability improvements and maintenance 20,000 
87 ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS 103,835 268,735 
Israeli Upper Tier 29,100 Israeli 
Arrow program 56,500 Short 
range ballistic 
missile defense 
79,300 
88 BMD TESTS 293,441 294,441 FTT -18 and FTT -15 efficiencies 
-2,000 
Program increase -tech refresh 3,000 
89 BMD TARGETS 563,576 531,476 Test delays 
-500 
MRBM T3C2 contract award delay -40,900 
Program increase-FTG-11 test acceleration 9,300 
92 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM 3,893 13,893 Program increase 
10,000 
93 TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES 90,266 86,392 Directed energy prototype development unjustified growth -3,874 95 
ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES 844,870 834,870 Program decrease 
-10,000 DOD 
UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON 
97 DEVELOPMENT 3,320 7,320 Program increase 
4,000 104 LONG 
RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR 162,012 170,112 LRDR program office 
-transfer from line 76 8,100 105 IMPROVED 
HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS 274,148 219,346 Schedule delay 
-30,000 
MD97 FTG-18 RKV flight test unit long lead materials early to need -4,000 
MD97 C3 booster lack of requirements and acquisition strategy -20,802 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT 106 TEST 
63,444 58,444 Test delays 
-5,000 108 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS TEST 83,250 
88,150 Program increase 
-FTG-11 test acceleration 4,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1880 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00284 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 674 here eh08mr17.193rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 Budget Request Final Bill BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT 
111 TEST 56,481 62,781 Program increase -FTG-11 test acceleration 
6,300 
112 MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE 71,513 0 
Change to acquisition strategy -15,000 MOKV -
transfer to line 40 -56,513 
115X RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM 0 100,000 
Program increase 100,000 
117 PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT 181,303 161,303 
Program rephase due to schedule slip -20,000 
118 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM 266,231 281,231 Program increase 
-chemical weapon detection 15,000 
131 DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITY 9,881 8,681 Prior year carryover 
-1,200 
135 JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT 4,499 3,099 
Prior year carryover -1,400 
139 JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) 87,080 67,080 
Eliminate program growth -20,000 140 
TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS 23,069 21,469 Prior year carryover 
-1,600 
143 CLASSIFIED PROGRAM USD(P) 0 130,000 
Classified adjustment 130,000 
145 STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT 3,797 2,797 Eliminate program growth 
-1,000 
159 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS 22,650 25,650 
Program increase 3,000 
R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING & 
161 EVALUATION 22,240 15,240 
Eliminate program growth -7,000 
162 DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION 19,541 21,541 Program increase 
2,000 
167 JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT 7,464 5,464 Delayed new start contract award 
-2,000 
173 CYBER INTELLIGENCE 18,523 10,523 
Eliminate program growth -8,000 COCOM EXERCISE 
ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING 
175 TRANSFORMATION 34,384 29,984 Program decrease 
-4,400 
192 JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING 5,935 5,509 
Prior year carryover -426 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1881 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00285 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 675 here eh08mr17.194rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSER-1 
203 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM Program 
increase -Sharkseer 
204 GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM 
Eliminate program growth 
220 POLICY R&D PROGRAMS Prior 
year carryover 
230 HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM Program 
increase 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS AVIATION SYSTEMS ADVANCED 244 
DEVELOPMENT Special Operation 
mission planning environment -prior year carryover 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS 
245 DEVELOPMENT 
Contract award delay 246 
SOF OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS 
Prior year carryover 247 
WARRIOR SYSTEMS Program 
increase 
Program increase visual augmentation devices 
Program increase -switchblade systems 999 
CLASSIFIED 
PROGRAMS 
Classified adjustment 
DARPA UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTION DARPA 
undistributed reduction Budget Request 
159,068 
24,438 
6,204 2,037 
159,143 
7,958 64,895 44,885 
3,270,515 Final Bill 
161,068 2,000 
21,438 
-3,000 3,204 -3,000 7,037 5,000 
158,253 -890 5,958 
-2,000 
54,895 
-10,000 
65,885 
12,000 3,000 6,000 
3,221,615 
-48,900 -50,000 -50,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1882 March 8, 2017 
RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM  The agreement includes $100,000,000 for a rapid prototyping program. The Secretary of Defense is directed to brief the House and Senate Appropriations Committees on a plan for execution 20 days prior to transfer or ob-ligation of any funds for this program. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION, DEFENSE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget request Final bill 
OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 78,047 78,047 LIVE FIRE TESTING .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 48,316 48,316 OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSIS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 52,631 60,631 Program increase—threat resource analysis ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... .............................. 8,000 
TOTAL, OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION, DEFENSE ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 178,994 186,994 
TITLE V—REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS The agreement provides $1,511,613,000 in Title V, Revolving and Management Funds. The agreement on items addressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00286 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1883 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00287 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 679 here eh08mr17.195rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
TITLE V 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS ........................ . 1,371,613 1,511,613 
NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ...................... . 
TOTAL, TITLE V, REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS .. 1,371,613 1,511,613 ------------------------ ============ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1884 March 8, 2017 
DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget request Final bill 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 56,469 196,469 Program increase—arsenal initiative ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ .............................. 140,000 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 63,967 63,967 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 37,132 37,132 DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 1,214,045 1,214,045 
TOTAL, DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 1,371,613 1,511,613 
TITLE VI—OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS The agreement provides $35,615,831,000 in Title VI, Other Department of Defense Pro-grams. The agreement on items addressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00288 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1885 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00289 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 682 here eh08mr17.196rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
TITLE VI 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ..................... . 32,231,390 31,277,002 
PROCUREMENT ................................... . 413,219 402,161 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION ........... . 822,907 2,102,107 
TOTAL. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .................. 33.467,516 33,781,270 
CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............................ . 147,282 119,985 
PROCUREMENT .......................................... . 15' 132 15' 132 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION ........... . 388,609 388,609 
TOTAL I CHEMICAL AGENTS .......... ' .............. . 551,023 523,726 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE 844,800 998,800 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .................. . 99.300 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ...................... . 322.035 312,035 
TOTAL, TITLE VI. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
PROGRAMS........... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35,284,674 35,615,831 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1886 March 8, 2017 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00290 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1887 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00291 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 684 here eh08mr17.197rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS} 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
IN·HOUSE CARE......................................... 9,240,160 9,159,329 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15,738,759 15,082,759 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT............ . . . . . . . . 2.367,759 2,279,627 
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT................................ 1,743,749 1,737,749 
MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES................................. 311,380 307,578 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING................................ 743,231 691,458 
BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS........................ 2,086,352 2,018,502 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............... 32,231,390 31,277,002 
PROCUREMENT 
INITIAL OUTFITTING.................................... 20.611 20,611 
REPLACEMENT AND MODERNIZATION............... . . . ... . . . 360,727 349,669 
JOINT OPERATOINAL MEDICINE INFORMATION SYSTEM......... 2,413 2,413 
DOD HEALTH MANAGEMENT SYSTEM MODERNIZATION............ 29,468 29,468 
SUBTOTAL, PROCUREMENT ............................ . 413,219 402,161 
RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION 
RESEARCH. . . . . . . . . . .................................. . 9.097 9,097 
EXPLORATORY DEVELOPMENT ............................. . 58.517 58,517 
ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................. . 221.226 221,226 
DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ............................. . 96,602 96,602 
ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ............................. . 364,057 364,057 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT ............................. . 58,410 58,410 
CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT ........................ . 14' 998 14,998 
UNDISTRIBUTED MEDICAL RESEARCH........................ 1.279,200 
SUBTOTAL, RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION 822,907 2,102.107 
TOTAL, DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33,467.516 33,781,270 ------------------------ ========:::=::= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1888 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00292 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 685 here eh08mr17.198rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE 
IN-HOUSE CARE 
Pharmacy supplies unjustified growth Overestimation 
of MTF utilization Printing and reproduction excess growth Travel unjustified growth 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE 
Pharmacy benefit reform unauthorized Health benefit reform unauthorized 
Other costs unjustified growth Historical underexecution ABA autism therapy reimbursement 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT 
Therapeutic service dog training program Travel unjustified growth 
Other health activities excess growth Historical underexecution 
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 
Other costs unjustified growth 
MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
Travel unjustified growth 
IT contract support services excess growth 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING 
Travel unjustified growth Historical underexecution HPSP reduction not properly accounted 
BASE OPERATIONS AND COMMUNICATIONS 
Other costs unjustified growth 
Visual information systems underexecution 
Initial outfitting of new construction ahead of need Telecommunications contract requirements unjustified growth 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE PROCUREMENT 
Initial outfitting of new construction ahead of need Excess price growth 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT RESEARCH AND 
DEVELOPMENT 
Peer-reviewed alcohol and substance abuse disorders research Peer-reviewed ALS research Peer-reviewed alzheimer research Peer-reviewed autism research Peer-reviewed bone marrow failure disease research Peer-reviewed breast cancer research Peer-reviewed cancer research 9,240,160 
15,738,759 
2,367,759 
1,743,749 
311,380 
743,231 
2,086,352 
32,231,390 
413,219 Final Bill 
9,159,329 
-9,000 -63,200 -2,500 
-6,131 
15,082,759 
17,000 -57,000 -73,000 -575,000 32,000 
2,279,627 
5,000 -4,100 -15,000 -74,032 
1,737,749 
-6,000 
307,578 
-2,232 
-1,570 
691,458 
-883 
-25,517 -25,373 
2,018,502 
-1,850 -2,000 -60,000 -4,000 
31,277,002 
-9,000 -2,058 
402,161 
4,000 7,500 15,000 7,500 3,000 120,000 60,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1889 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00293 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 686 here eh08mr17.199rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEPeer-reviewed Duchenne muscular dystrophy research Peer-reviewed 
epilepsy research Peer-reviewed 
gulf war illness research Peer-reviewed hearing restoration research Peer-reviewed kidney cancer research Peer-reviewed 
lung cancer research Peer-reviewed lupus research Peer-reviewed 
medical research Peer-reviewed 
multiple sclerosis research Peer-reviewed orthopedic research Peer-reviewed ovarian cancer research Peer-reviewed prostate cancer research Peer-reviewed spinal cord research Peer-reviewed reconstructive 
transplant research Peer-reviewed tickborne disease research Peer-reviewed traumatic brain injury and 
psychological health research Peer-reviewed tuberous sclerosis complex research Peer-reviewed vision research 
Global HIV/AIDS prevention 
HIV/AIDS program increase Joint warfighter 
medical research 
Orthotics and prosthetics outcome research Trauma clinical research program Restore core funding reduction 
TOTAL, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Budget Request 
822,907 Final Bill 3,200 7,500 20,000 10,000 10,000 12,000 5,000 300,000 6,000 30,000 20,000 90,000 30,000 12,000 5,000 125,000 6,000 15,000 8,000 12,900 50,000 10,000 10,000 264,600 2,102,107 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1890 March 8, 2017 
REPROGRAMMING GUIDANCE FOR THE DEFENSE  
HEALTH PROGRAM  Concerns remain regarding the transfer of funds from the In-House Care budget sub-ac-tivity to pay for contractor-provided medical care. To limit such transfers and improve oversight within the Defense Health Pro-gram operation and maintenance account, the agreement includes a provision which caps the funds available for Private Sector Care under the TRICARE program subject to prior approval reprogramming procedures. The provision and accompanying explana-tory statement language should not be inter-preted as limiting the amount of funds that may be transferred to the In-House Care budget sub-activity from other budget sub- activities within the Defense Health Pro-gram. In addition, funding for the In-House Care budget sub-activity continues to be des-ignated as a congressional special interest item. Any transfer of funds from the In- House Care budget sub-activity into the Pri-vate Sector Care budget sub-activity or any other budget sub-activity requires the Sec-retary of Defense to follow prior approval re-programming procedures for operation and maintenance funds. The Secretary of Defense is directed to provide written notification to the congres-sional defense committees of cumulative transfers in excess of $10,000,000 out of the Private Sector Care budget sub-activity not later than fifteen days after such a transfer. Furthermore, the Secretary of Defense is di-rected to provide a report to the congres-sional defense committees not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act that de-lineates transfers of funds in excess of $10,000,000, and the dates any transfers oc-curred, from the Private Sector Care budget sub-activity to any other budget sub-activity groups for fiscal year 2016. The Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs) is directed to provide quarterly re-ports to the congressional defense commit-tees on budget execution data for all of the Defense Health Program budget activities and to adequately reflect changes to the budget activities requested by the Services in future budget submissions. 
PEER -REVIEWED CANCER RESEARCH PROGRAM  The agreement provides $60,000,000 for the peer-reviewed cancer research program to re-search cancers not addressed in the breast, prostate, ovarian, kidney, and lung cancer research programs. The funds provided in the peer-reviewed cancer research program are directed to be used to conduct research in the following areas: bladder cancer, brain cancer, colorectal cancer, immunotherapy, listeria- based regimens for cancer, liver cancer, lymphoma, melanoma and other skin can-cers, mesothelioma, neuroblastoma, pan-creatic cancer, pediatric brain tumors, stom-ach cancer, and cancer in children, adoles-cents, and young adults. The reports directed under this heading in House Report 114–577 and Senate Report 114– 263 are still required. PEER -REVIEWED MEDICAL RESEARCH PROGRAM  The agreement provides $300,000,000 for a peer-reviewed medical research program. The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Service Surgeons General, is di-rected to select medical research projects of clear scientific merit and direct relevance to military health. Research areas considered under this funding are restricted to the fol-lowing areas: acute lung injury, anti-microbial resistance, arthritis, burn pit ex-posure, chronic migraine and post-traumatic headache, congenital heart disease, constric-tive bronchiolitis, diabetes, diarrheal dis-eases, dystonia, early trauma thermal regu-lation, eating disorders, emerging infectious diseases, epidermolysis bullosa, focal seg-mental glomerulosclerosis, Fragile X, Guillain-Barre syndrome, hepatitis B and C, hereditary angioedema, hydrocephalus, immunomonitoring of intestinal transplants, inflammatory bowel diseases, influenza, in-tegrative medicine, interstitial cystitis, ma-laria, metals toxicology, mitochondrial dis-ease, musculoskeletal disorders, nanomate-rials for bone regeneration, non-opioid pain management, pancreatitis, pathogen-inac-tivated dried cryoprecipitate, polycystic kid-ney disease, post-traumatic osteoarthritis, pulmonary fibrosis, respiratory health, Rett syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis, scleroderma, sleep disorders, spinal muscular atrophy, sustained-release drug delivery, tinnitus, tuberculosis, vaccine development for infectious disease, vascular malforma-tions, and women’s heart disease. The addi-tional funding provided under the peer-re-viewed medical research program shall be de-voted only to the purposes listed above. 
ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD SYSTEM  Concerns remain with the progress being made by the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs to fully develop, procure, and deploy an interoperable electronic health record solution. The two systems must be completely and meaningfully inter-operable, and the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics) is encouraged to focus on the overall goal of seamless compatibility between the two De-partments’ electronic health record systems. For the necessary oversight of this impor-tant program, the Program Executive Officer (PEO) for the Defense Healthcare Manage-ment Systems (DHMS) is directed to provide quarterly reports to the congressional de-fense committees and the Government Ac-countability Office on the cost and schedule of the program, to include milestones, knowledge points, and acquisition timelines, as well as quarterly obligation reports. These reports should also include any changes to the deployment timeline, includ-ing benchmarks, for full operating capa-bility; any refinements to the cost estimate for full operating capability and the total lifecycle cost of the program; an assurance that the acquisition strategy will comply with the acquisition rules, requirements, guidelines, and systems acquisition manage-ment practices of the federal government; the status of the effort to achieve interoper-ability between the electronic health record systems of the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs, including the scope, cost, schedule, mapping to health data standards, and performance benchmarks of the inter-operable record; and the progress toward de-veloping, implementing, and fielding the interoperable electronic health record throughout the two Departments’ medical facilities. The PEO DHMS is directed to continue briefing the House and Senate Appropria-tions Committees on a quarterly basis, coin-ciding with the report submission. Given that full deployment of the new electronic health record is not scheduled until fiscal year 2022, the Department of Defense is ex-pected to continue working on interim modi-fications and enhancements to the current system to improve interoperability in the near-term. Additionally, the PEO DHMS is directed to provide written notification to the House and Senate Appropriations Com-mittees prior to obligating any contract, or combination of contracts, for electronic health record systems in excess of $5,000,000. Additionally, the Director of the Inter-agency Program Office is directed to con-tinue to provide quarterly briefings on standards development, how those standards are being incorporated by the two Depart-ments, and the progress of interoperability to the House and Senate Appropriations Sub-committees for Defense and Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. In an effort to ensure government- wide accountability, the PEO DHMS, in co-ordination with the appropriate personnel of the Department of Veterans Affairs, is di-rected to provide the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer of the United States with monthly updates on progress made by the two Departments to reach interoperability and modernize their respective electronic health records. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget request Final bill 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 147,282 119,985 Recovered chemical warfare materiel project excess to need ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. ..............................¥10,997 Recovered chemical warfare materiel project Panama operations ahead of need .................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. ..............................¥16,300 PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 15,132 15,132 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 388,609 388,609 
TOTAL, CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE ...................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 551,0 23 523,726 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00294 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1891 March 8, 2017 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget request Final bill 
COUNTER-NARCOTICS SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 730,087 626,087 Transfer to National Guard counter-drug program ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................ ..............................¥99,000 Transfer to National Guard counter-drug schools ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... ..............................¥5,000 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 114,713 118,713 Young Marines—drug demand reduction ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................... .............................. 4,000 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 0 234,000 Transfer from counter-narcotics support ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... .............................. 99,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. .............................. 135,000 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG SCHOOLS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 0 20,000 Transfer from counter-narcotics support ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... .............................. 5,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. .............................. 15,000 
TOTAL, DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE .................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 844,80 0 998,800 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND The agreement does not recommend funding for the Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL The agreement on items addressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget request Final bill 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 318,882 308,882 Overestimation of civilian full-time equivalents ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ ..............................¥10,000 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 3,153 3,153 
TOTAL, OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 322,035 312,035 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL QUARTERLY  
END STRENGTH REPORTS  The Department of Defense Inspector Gen-eral is directed to provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on civilian personnel end strength not later than 15 days after the end of each fiscal quarter. TITLE VII—RELATED AGENCIES The agreement provides $1,029,596,000 in Title VII, Related Agencies. The agreement on items addressed by either the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00295 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1892 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00296 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 697 here eh08mr17.200rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 
BUDGET FINAL 
REQUEST BILL 
TITLE VII 
RELATED AGENCIES 
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY 
SYSTEM FUND .......................................... . 514,000 514,000 
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT (ICMA) ..... . 533,596 515,596 
TOTAL, TITLE VII, RELATED AGENCIES.............. 1,047,596 1,029,596 ------------ ------------ ------------ ----------~-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1893 March 8, 2017 
CLASSIFIED ANNEX  Adjustments to classified programs are ad-dressed in a separate, detailed, and com-prehensive classified annex. The Intelligence Community, the Department of Defense, and other organizations are expected to fully comply with the recommendations and direc-tions in the classified annex accompanying the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017. CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RE-TIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYSTEM FUND The agreement provides $514,000,000 for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT The agreement provides $515,596,000, a de-crease of $18,000,000 below the budget re-quest, for the Intelligence Community Man-agement Account. TITLE VIII—GENERAL PROVISIONS The agreement incorporates general provi-sions from the House and Senate versions of the bill which were not amended. Those gen-eral provisions that were addressed in the agreement are as follows: The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which provides general transfer authority not to exceed $4,500,000,000. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which identifies tables as Explanation of Project Level Adjustments. The Senate bill contained a similar provi-sion. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which provides for the es-tablishment of a baseline for the application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which places restric-tions on multi-year procurement contracts. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House regarding management of civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which restricts the use of funds to support any nonappropriated funds activity that procures malt beverages and wine. The House bill contained no simi-lar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which provides for the transfer of funds for Mentor-Prote ´ge´Pro- grams. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House regarding limitations on the use of funds to purchase anchor and mooring chains. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which makes funds available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to demilitarize or dispose of certain small firearms. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House regarding incentive pay-ments authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974. The Senate bill contained a simi-lar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which provides funding from various appropriations for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation. The Senate bill con-tained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits funding from being used to establish new Department of Defense Federally Funded Research and Development Centers with certain limita-tions. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to disestablish, close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-gram on probation. The Senate bill con-tained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which makes permanent the authority for the Defense Intelligence Agency to use funds provided in this Act for the provisioning of information systems. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House regarding mitigation of environmental impacts on Indian lands re-sulting from Department of Defense activi-ties. The Senate bill contained a similar pro-vision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which places restric-tions on the use of funds to consolidate or re-locate any element of the Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Re-pair Squadron Engineer. The House bill con-tained no similar provision. 
(RESCISSIONS)  The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House recommending rescis-sions and provides for the rescission of $2,002,622,000. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The rescissions agreed to are: 2015 Appropriations: Aircraft Procurement, Army: Network and mission plan ....................................................................................................... ......................................... $15,000,000 Other Procurement, Army: Family of heavy tactical vehicles .............................................................................................. ....................................... 13,210,000 Army CA/MISO GPF equipment ..................................................................................................... .................................. 4,585,000 Information systems ............................................................................................................ ............................................. 5,250,000 Aircraft Procurement, Navy: P–8A Poseidon .................................................................................................................. ................................................. 50,000,000 EA–18G ......................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 38,000,000 Weapons Procurement, Navy: Cruiser modernization weapons .................................................................................................. ...................................... 4,000,000 Tomahawk ....................................................................................................................... ................................................. 5,000,000 HARM mods ...................................................................................................................... ................................................ 2,933,000 Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps LRLAP 6 inch long range attack projectile ...................................................................................... ................................ 43,600,000 Aircraft Procurement, Air Force: HC–130J ........................................................................................................................ ..................................................... 18,000,000 MC–130J ........................................................................................................................ ..................................................... 12,000,000 MQ–1 mods ...................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,000,000 MQ–9 depot activation .......................................................................................................... ............................................ 25,000,000 Other Procurement, Air Force: Classified programs ............................................................................................................ ............................................... 25,500,000 2016 Appropriations: Aircraft Procurement, Army: UH–60 Blackhawk M model (MYP)—AP ............................................................................................... ............................. 34,594,000 Procurement of Ammunition, Army: Demolition munitions, all types ................................................................................................ ....................................... 5,000,000 Other Procurement, Army: Joint light tactical vehicle ................................................................................................... ............................................ 6,100,000 Generators and associated equipment ............................................................................................ .................................. 53,000,000 Information systems ............................................................................................................ ............................................. 25,000,000 Aircraft Procurement, Navy: F–35 CV ........................................................................................................................ ..................................................... 6,755,000 Weapons Procurement, Navy: Sidewinder ..................................................................................................................... ................................................... 5,307,000 Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps: 155MM long range land attack projectile ........................................................................................ .................................. 2,100,000 Non lethals .................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,868,000 81mm, all types ................................................................................................................ ................................................. 1,000,000 Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: DDG–51 ......................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 50,000,000 LPD–17 ......................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 14,906,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00297 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1894 March 8, 2017 
LX (R) (AP–CY) ................................................................................................................. ................................................ 236,000,000 Other Procurement, Navy: AQS–20A ........................................................................................................................ .................................................... 10,810,000 Remote minehunting system ...................................................................................................... ...................................... 44,247,000 Surface combatant HM&E ......................................................................................................... ....................................... 1,317,000 Aircraft Procurement, Air Force: F–35—AP ........................................................................................................................ ................................................... 47,000,000 C–130J—AP ...................................................................................................................... .................................................. 20,000,000 HC–130J ........................................................................................................................ ..................................................... 12,500,000 KC–46A tanker .................................................................................................................. ................................................. 197,700,000 KC–135 block 40/45 installs .................................................................................................... ............................................. 9,000,000 KC–135 post production support ................................................................................................. ....................................... 1,500,000 MC–130J ........................................................................................................................ ..................................................... 28,500,000 Other production changes ....................................................................................................... .......................................... 67,000,000 Missile Procurement, Air Force: Classified programs ............................................................................................................ ............................................... 34,700,000 Space Procurement, Air Force: Evolved expendable launch vehicle .............................................................................................. ..................................... 100,000,000 Other Procurement, Air Force: Comsec equipment ............................................................................................................... ............................................. 10,000,000 Combat training ranges ......................................................................................................... ........................................... 10,000,000 Night vision goggles ........................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,569,000 Classified programs ............................................................................................................ ............................................... 34,800,000 Procurement, Defense-Wide: Classified programs ............................................................................................................ ............................................... 2,600,000 Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army: Joint light tactical vehicle ................................................................................................... ............................................ 5,893,000 Concepts experimentation ....................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,253,000 Information technology development ............................................................................................. .................................. 16,700,000 Manpower, personnel, training advanced technology .............................................................................. ......................... 2,500,000 Tactical command and control hardware and software ............................................................................. ....................... 6,056,000 Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy: Tactical combat training system II ............................................................................................. ..................................... 9,219,000 Tactical AIM missiles .......................................................................................................... ............................................. 22,000,000 Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force: Ground based strategic deterrent ............................................................................................... ...................................... 18,000,000 KC–46 .......................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 375,300,000 Nuclear weapons modernization .................................................................................................. ..................................... 27,000,000 Integrated Personnel and Pay System ............................................................................................ .................................. 26,000,000 Minuteman squadrons ............................................................................................................ ........................................... 22,000,000 Tactical AIM missiles .......................................................................................................... ............................................. 7,600,000 Airborne Warning and Control System ............................................................................................ ................................. 9,000,000 Classified programs ............................................................................................................ ............................................... 47,650,000 Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide: Defense technology offset ...................................................................................................... ........................................... 51,500,000 Advanced IT services joint program office ...................................................................................... ................................. 10,000,000 Classified programs ............................................................................................................ ............................................... 3,000,000 The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which restricts procure-ment of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which prohibits the use of funds to retire or divest RQ–4 Global Hawk aircraft. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House placing restrictions on funding for competitively bid space launch services. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which provides funding to the United Service Organizations and the Red Cross. The Senate bill contained a simi-lar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the Senate which prohibits funds from being used to modify Fleet Forces Com-mand command and control relationships. The House bill contained no similar provi-sion. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which restricts funding for repairs and maintenance of military housing units. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the Senate which directs that up to $1,000,000 from Operation and Maintenance, Navy shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which places restric-tions on the transfer to any nongovern-mental entity certain ammunition held by the Department of Defense. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-
posed by the Senate which prohibits funds from being used to separate the National In-telligence Program from the Department of Defense budget. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which provides a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc. The Sen-ate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House related to funding for the Israeli Cooperative Defense programs. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which reduces funding due to favorable foreign exchange rates. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which provides funds for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Program for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Com-mand to execute Theater Security Coopera-tion activities. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits changes to the Army Contracting Command-New Jer-sey without prior notification. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. 
(RESCISSION)  The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the Senate recommending a rescis-sion and provides for a rescission of $531,000,000 from the Defense Workforce Ac-quisition Fund. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which prohibits the use of funds to violate the Child Soldier Preven-tion Act of 2008. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which makes funds available to make grants, conclude coopera-tive agreements, and supplement other Fed-eral funds to support military infrastructure in Guam. The House bill contained no simi-lar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which provides that funds appropriated in this Act may be avail-able for the purpose of making remittances and transfers to the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House related to agreements with the Russian Federation pertaining to United States ballistic missile defense sys-tems. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which provides the Direc-tor of National Intelligence with general transfer authority with certain limitations. The Senate bill contained a similar provi-sion. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the transfer of detainees from Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba except in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00298 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1895 March 8, 2017 
accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits funds from being used for the purchase or manufac-ture of a United States flag unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, U.S.C. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House that requires the Sec-retary of Defense to post grant awards on a public website in a searchable format. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House regarding funding for flight demonstration teams at locations out-side the United States. The Senate bill con-tained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds by the National Security Agency to target United States persons under authori-ties granted in the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. The Senate bill con-tained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to implement the Arms Trade Trea-ty until the treaty is ratified by the Senate. The Senate bill contained no similar provi-sion. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which limits the avail-ability of funds authorized for counterter-rorism support to foreign partners. The Sen-ate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits intro-ducing armed forces into Iraq in contraven-tion of the War Powers Act. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to retire the A–10 fleet. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which limits the use of funds for the T–AO(X) program. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which reduces Working Capital Funds to reflect excess cash bal-ances. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which reduces the total amount appropriated to reflect lower than anticipated fuel costs. The Senate bill con-tained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to retire the KC–10 fleet. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the re-tirement of EC–130H aircraft. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds for gaming or entertainment that involves nude entertainers. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds for Base Realignment and Closure. The Senate bill contained no similar provi-sion. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which grants the Sec-retary of Defense the authority to use funds for Office of Personnel and Management background investigations. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which restricts the use of funds for the Joint Surveillance Target At-tack Radar System recapitalization program for pre-milestone B activities after March 31, 2018. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to close or transfer from the juris-diction of the Department of Defense the United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which provides authority to use readiness funds for Zika related ac-tivities. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which restricts the use of funds to maintain or establish a computer network unless it blocks pornography. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. 
(RESCISSION)  The agreement adds a provision which ter-minates the Ship Modernization, Operations and Sustainment Fund and rescinds unobli-gated balances. The House and Senate bills contained no similar provisions. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement adds a provision which pro-vides reprogramming authority for the Glob-al Engagement Center. The House and Sen-ate bills contained no similar provisions. The agreement adds a provision addressing the transfer of funds out of the Defense Ac-quisition Workforce Development Fund. The House and Senate bills contained no similar provisions. The agreement adds a provision which pro-vides that the explanatory statement regard-ing this Act shall have the same effect with respect to allocation of funds and implemen-tation of this Act as if it were a Report of the Committee on Appropriations. The House and Senate bills contained no similar provisions. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which prohibits the use of funds to impede certain investigations conducted by Inspectors General funded under this Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. TITLE IX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM The agreement provides $61,822,000,000 in Title IX, Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  The agreement includes a number of re-porting requirements related to contingency operations and building capacity efforts. The Secretary of Defense is directed to continue to report incremental costs for all named op-erations in the Central Command Area of Re-sponsibility on a quarterly basis and to sub-mit, also on a quarterly basis, commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the Af-ghanistan Security Forces Fund, the Counter- Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant Train and Equip Fund, and for all secu-rity cooperation programs funded under the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in the Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide account. The agreement eliminates the Cost of War reporting requirement for detailed monthly obligation and expenditure data by appro-priation account. This reporting requirement is burdensome for the Department of Defense and the information provided is either dupli-cative of information available through other means or is unnecessary for effective budget oversight. MILITARY PERSONNEL The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00299 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1896 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00300 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 713 here eh08mr17.201rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
Budget Request 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, ARMY BA-1: 
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS BASIC PAY 
315,786 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL 74,526 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 133,911 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 11,866 
INCENTIVE PAYS 1,543 
SPECIAL PAYS 15,411 
ALLOWANCES 11,970 SEPARATION PAY 
4,541 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 24,158 
TOTAL, BA-1 593,712 BA-2: 
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC PAY 506,209 RETIRED PAY 
ACCRUAL 119,465 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 255,613 
INCENTIVE PAYS 959 
SPECIAL PAYS 47,347 
ALLOWANCES 46,094 SEPARATION PAY 10,063 SOCIAL SECURITY 
TAX 38,725 
TOTAL, BA-2 1,024,475 BA-4: 
SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC 
ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 59,079 SUBSISTENCE-IN-KIND 
222,742 
TOTAL, BA-4 281,821 BA-5: PERMANENT CHANGE 
OF STATION TRAVEL 
OPERATIONAL TRAVEL 32,597 
ROTATIONAL TRAVEL 12,059 TOTAL, 
BA-5 44,656 BA-6: 
OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS INTEREST 
ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS 2,194 DEATH 
GRATUITIES 1,200 UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 
89,464 
SGLI EXTRA HAZARD PAYMENTS 8,184 
TRAUMATIC INJURY PROTECTION COVERAGE 
5,872 
TOTAL, BA-6 106,914 PREVIOUSLY 
FUNDED REQUIREMENT 
TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, ARMY 2,051,578 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY BA-1: 
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS BASIC PAY 
58,913 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL 13,903 BASIC 
ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 19,879 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 2,141 
INCENTIVE PAYS 480 SPECIAL PAYS 
3,128 Final Bill 
315,786 74,526 133,911 11,866 1,543 15,411 
11,970 
4,541 24,158 593,712 
506,209 
119,465 255,613 959 47,347 
46,094 10,063 
38,725 1,024,475 
59,079 
222,742 281,821 32,597 
12,059 
44,656 2,194 
1,200 
89,464 8,184 5,872 
106,914 -102,930 
1,948,648 58,913 
13,903 
19,879 2,141 
480 
3,128 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1897 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00301 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 714 here eh08mr17.202rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 Budget Request Final Bill ALLOWANCES 
7,280 7,280 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 4,507 4,507 TOTAL, BA-1 110,231 110,231 BA-2: 
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
BASIC PAY 76,964 76,964 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL 18,163 18,163 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 40,353 40,353 
INCENTIVE PAYS 211 211 
SPECIAL PAYS 5,931 5,931 
ALLOWANCES 16,913 16,913 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 5,888 5,888 TOTAL, BA-2 164,423 164,423 BA-4: 
SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 8,693 8,693 
SUBSISTENCE-IN-KIND 25,446 25,446 TOTAL, BA-4 34,139 34,139 BA-5: PERMANENT 
CHANGE OF STATION TRAVEL 
ACCESSION TRAVEL 1,427 1,427 OPERATIONAL TRAVEL 1,825 1,825 
ROTATIONAL TRAVEL 4,634 4,634 
SEPARATION TRAVEL 1,937 1,937 TOTAL, BA-5 9,823 9,823 BA-6: OTHER 
MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS 
DEATH GRATUITIES 300 300 UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 
6,959 6,959 
RESERVE INCOME REPLACEMENT PROGRAM 9 9 
SGLI EXTRA HAZARD PAYMENTS 4,673 4,673 TOTAL, BA-6 11,941 11,941 
PREVIOUSLY FUNDED REQUIREMENT -3,130 TOTAL, 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY 330,557 327,427 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 
BA-1: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS BASIC PAY 
29,855 29,855 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL 7,046 7,046 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 8,814 8,814 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 996 996 
SPECIAL PAYS (AND INCENTIVE PAYS) 1,616 1,616 
ALLOWANCES 1,939 1,939 
SEPARATION PAY 5,939 5,939 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 2,284 2,284 TOTAL, BA-1 58,489 58,489 BA-2: 
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
BASIC PAY 17,509 17,509 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL 4,132 4,132 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 8,798 8,798 
INCENTIVE PAYS 16 16 
SPECIAL PAYS 4,449 4,449 
ALLOWANCES 6,012 6,012 
SEPARATION PAY 74,707 74,707 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 1,339 1,339 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1898 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00302 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 715 here eh08mr17.203rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
TOTAL, BA-2 116,962 116,962 
BA-4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 2,103 2,103 TOTAL, BA-4 2,103 2,103 
BA-6: OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS INTEREST 
ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS 302 302 SGLI 
EXTRA HAZARD PAYMENTS 1,877 1,877 TOTAL, BA-6 2,179 2,179 
TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 179,733 179,733 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
BA-1: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS BASIC 
PAY 104,751 104,751 RETIRED 
PAY ACCRUAL 24,721 24,721 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 33,351 33,351 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 3,745 3,745 
SPECIAL PAYS 5,227 5,227 
ALLOWANCES 5,610 5,610 SOCIAL SECURITY 
TAX 8,013 8,013 
TOTAL, BA-1 185,418 185,418 BA-2: PAY AND 
ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC 
PAY 199,730 199,730 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL 47,136 47,136 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 86,671 86,671 
SPECIAL PAYS 20,006 20,006 ALLOWANCES 
19,146 19,146 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 15,279 15,279 
TOTAL, BA-2 387,968 387,968 
BA-4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC 
ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 22,208 22,208 SUBSISTENCE-IN-KIND 
93,369 93,369 TOTAL, 
BA-4 115,577 115,577 BA-6: 
OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS 
DEATH GRATUITIES 1,000 1,000 
UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 24,626 24,626 
SGLI EXTRA HAZARD PAYMENTS 5,307 5,307 
TOTAL, BA-6 30,933 30,933 PREVIOUSLY 
FUNDED REQUIREMENT -14,190 TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
719,896 705,706 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY BA-1: 
UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING 
PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS and DRILLS 24/48) 2,773 2,773 
SPECIAL TRAINING 39,733 39,733 TOTAL, BA-1 
42,506 42,506 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY 42,506 42,506 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1899 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00303 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 716 here eh08mr17.204rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEM-1 Budget Request 
BA-1: UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING SPECIAL TRAINING ADMINISTRATION 
AND SUPPORT TOTAL, 
BA-1 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY 
RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 
BA-1: UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING SPECIAL TRAINING ADMINISTRATION 
AND SUPPORT TOTAL, 
BA-1 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
BA-1: UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING SPECIAL TRAINING TOTAL, 
BA-1 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE NATIONAL 
GUARD PERSONNEL, ARMY BA-1: 
UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING 
PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS and DRILLS 24148) 
SCHOOL TRAINING SPECIAL TRAINING ADMINISTRATION 
AND SUPPORT TOTAL, 
BA-1 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, ARMY 
NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
BA-1: UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING SPECIAL TRAINING TOTAL, 
BA-1 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL 11,574 355 11,929 11,929 
3,700 
64 3,764 3,764 20,535 20,535 20,535 33,702 47,658 105,939 9,173 196,472 196,472 5,288 5,288 5,288 3,562,258 Final Bill 
11,574 355 11,929 11,929 
3,700 
64 3,764 3,764 20,535 20,535 20,535 33,702 47,658 105,939 9,173 196,472 196,472 5,288 5,288 5,288 3,442,008 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1900 March 8, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00304 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1901 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00305 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 718 here eh08mr17.205rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
0-1 Budget Request 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
111 MANEUVER UNITS 
Army requested transfer to title IX WTCV,A lines 5 and 13 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer from title II 
112 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES 
113 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 
114 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS 
115 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Army requested transfer to title IX WTCV,A lines 5 and 13 
116 AVIATION ASSETS 
Program increase -support eleventh CAB 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Army requested transfer to title IX WTCV,A lines 5 and 13 
OCO/GWOT operations-transfer from title II 
122 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS 
123 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
131 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
Program increase support eleventh CAB 
135 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES LOGCAP -
unjustified program growth 
136 COMMANDER~EMERGENCYRESPONSEPROGRAM 
137 RESET OCO/GWOT 
operations -transfer from title II 
138 COMBATANT COMMAND DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT 
212 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS 
321 323 324 334 421 Army requested transfer to line 421 and title IX WTCV,A lines 5 and 13 
SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION TRAINING SUPPORT CIVILIAN EDUCATION 
AND TRAINING SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 
Army requested transfer from line 212 723,945 
5,904 
38,614 1,651,817 835,138 
165,044 
1,756,378 348,174 
350,000 40,000 5,990,878 5,000 1,092,542 
79,568 
350,200 
3,565 
9,021 
2,434 1,254 
740,400 Final Bill 
938,145 
-10,800 225,000 
5,904 
38,614 1,651,817 
703,138 
-132,000 
197,544 
32,500 
2,254,378 
-2,000 500,000 
348,174 
350,000 51,000 
11,000 
5,755,878 
-235,000 
5,000 1,625,250 
532,708 
79,568 
130,000 
-220,200 
3,565 
9,021 
2,434 1,254 
860,400 
120,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1902 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00306 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 719 here eh08mr17.206rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 Budget Request 
424 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT 13,974 434 
OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT 105,508 
437 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT 165,678 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 835,551 
PREVIOUSLY FUNDED REQUIREMENT TOTAL, OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY 15,310,587 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
1A1A MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS OCO/GWOT 
operations -transfer from Title II 
1A4A AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT 
1A4N AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT 
1A5A AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
1A6A AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
1 A9A AVIATION LOGISTICS 
1B1B MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS OCO/GWOT 
operations -transfer from title II 
1B2B SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING 
1 B4B SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE OCO/GWOT 
operations-transfer from title II 
1C1C COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 1C4C 
WARFARE TACTICS 1C5C OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY 
AND OCEANOGRAPHY 1C6C COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES 1C7C EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE 
1 D3D IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT 
1 D4D WEAPONS MAINTENANCE 
1 D7D OTHER WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT BSM1 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION 
& MODERNIZATION BSS1 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 
2B1G AIRCRAFT ACTIVIATIONS /INACTIVATIONS 
2C1 H EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICE SYSTEM 860,621 4,603 159,049 113,994 1,840 35,529 
1,073,080 
17,306 2,903,431 21,257 22,603 22,934 568,511 11,358 
61,000 
289,045 
8,000 
27,089 219,525 1,530 
8,904 Final Bill 
13,974 
105,508 
165,678 835,551 -438,727 15,693,068 1,260,621 
400,000 
4,603 159,049 113,994 1,840 35,529 1,498,080 
425,000 
17,306 3,303,431 
400,000 
21,257 22,603 22,934 568,511 11,358 
61,000 
289,045 
8,000 
27,089 219,525 1,530 8,904 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1903 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00307 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 720 here eh08mr17.207rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 Budget Request 
2C3H COAST GUARD SUPPORT 162,692 Coast Guard funded in Department 
of Homeland Security bill 
3B1 K SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 43,365 
4A1M ADMINISTRATION 3,764 
4A2M EXTERNAL RELATIONS 515 
4A4M MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT 5,409 
4A5M OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT 1,578 
4A6M SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS 25,617 
4B1N SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 126,700 
4B3N ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT 9,261 999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 17,281 
PREVIOUSLY FUNDED REQUIREMENT 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY 6,827,391 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
1A1A OPERATIONAL FORCES 703,489 OCO/GWOT 
operations- transfer from title II 
1A2A FIELD LOGISTICS 266,094 
1A3A DEPOT MAINTENANCE 147,000 BSS1 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 18,576 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer from title II 
3B4D TRAINING SUPPORT 31,750 
4A3G SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 73,800 
999 OTHER PROGRAMS 3,650 PREVIOUSLY 
FUNDED REQUIREMENT 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 1,244,359 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE AIR FORCE 
011A PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES 1,339,461 
OCO/GWOT operations -transfer from title II 
011C COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES 1,096,021 
Classified program transfer 
011D AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) 152,278 
011 M DEPOT MAINTENANCE 1,185,506 Final Bill 
0 
-162,692 43,365 3,764 515 
5,409 
1,578 25,617 
126,700 
9,261 17,281 
-2,350 
7,887,349 878,489 
175,000 266,094 147,000 
218,576 
200,000 31,750 73,800 3,650 -12,100 1,607,259 
1,764,461 
425,000 986,021 -110,000 
152,278 
1,185,506 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1904 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00308 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 721 here eh08mr17.208rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 
011R FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 
011Z BASE SUPPORT 
012A GLOBAL C31 AND EARLY WARNING 
012C OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS 
012F TACTICAL INTEL AND OTHER SPECIAL ACTIVITIES 
013A LAUNCH FACILITIES 
013C SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS 
015A COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT 
021A AIRLIFT OPERATIONS 
OCO/GWOT operations- transfer from title II 
021D MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS 
021 M DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
OCO/GWOT operations- transfer from title II 
021Z BASE SUPPORT 
031Z BASE SUPPORT 
032A SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 
041A LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 
041Z BASE SUPPORT 
042B SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS 
042G OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
Authorization adjustment- Office of Security Cooperation-Iraq 
044A INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT UNJUSTIFIED GROWTH 
PREVIOUSLY FUNDED REQUIREMENT 
OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FOR INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, 
AND RECONNAISSANCE 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE Budget Request 
56,700 
941,714 
30,219 207,696 
79,893 869 
5,008 100,081 
2,774,729 
108,163 891,102 
3,686 
52,740 4,500 
86,716 59,133 165,348 141,883 
61 
15,323 
0 
9,498,830 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
1 PL2 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND 
Previously funded requirement 
4GT6 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY 2,650,651 13,436 Final Bill 
56,700 
941,714 
30,219 207,696 
79,893 
869 
5,008 100,081 
3,174,729 
400,000 
108,163 
1,291 '102 
400,000 
3,686 
52,740 4,500 
86,716 59,133 
165,348 
116,825 
-25,058 
61 
15,323 
-10,000 -45,550 
23,376 
10,556,598 
2,636,522 -14,129 13,436 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1905 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00309 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 722 here eh08mr17.209rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 Budget Request 
4GT9 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY 
4GTA DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES ES18 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY 
4GTJ DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION AGENCY 
4GTO DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY 
4GTD DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY 
Lift and Sustain Jordan and Lebanon border security-transfer to Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund Consolidation 
of building partner capacity efforts -Transfer from 
CTPF DEFENSE 
THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
Mission enablers -Transfer from title IX JIDF 
4GTN OFFICE OF 
THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 
4GTQ WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICE 
9999 OTHER PROGRAMS Previously 
funded requirement Classified program adjustment TOTAL, 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE 
112 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES 
113 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 
114 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS 
115 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
116 AVIATION ASSETS 
121 FORCES READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
131 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE 
1A5A AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE 
1A9A AVIATION LOGISTICS 
1 C6C COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE 47,579 111,986 13,317 
67,000 
13,564 
1,412,000 
0 
31,106 
3,137 1,618,397 5,982,173 
708 
14,822 375 
2,088 608 
5,425 14,653 38,679 
16,500 
2,522 7,243 26,265 Final Bill 
47,579 111,986 13,317 
67,000 
13,564 
1,882,000 -100,000 -180,000 750,000 62,800 62,800 31,106 
3,137 
1,594,202 
-19,195 
-5,000 
6,476,649 
708 
14,822 375 
2,088 608 
5,425 14,653 38,679 
16,500 
2,522 7,243 26,265 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1906 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00310 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 723 here eh08mr17.210rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 Budget Request 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS RESERVE 
1A1A OPERATING FORCES 2,500 BSS1 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 804 TOTAL, OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
RESERVE 3,304 OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE 
011 M DEPOT MAINTENANCE 51,086 011Z BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 6,500 TOTAL, OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
RESERVE 57,586 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 111 MANEUVER 
UNITS 16,149 112 
MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES 748 113 
ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 34,707 
114 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS 10,472 
116 AVIATION ASSETS 32,804 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 12,435 131 
BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 18,800 
133 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS 920 TOTAL, OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL 
GUARD 127,035 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
011G MISSION SUPPORT 
OPERATIONS 011Z BASE SUPPORT TOTAL, OPERATION 
AND MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL 
GUARD 
AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
Defense Forces 
Sustainment 
Infrastructure 
Equipment and Transportation Program increase 
-Afghan aviation Training and Operations Program 
increase- Afghan aviation 3,400 16,600 20,000 
2,173,341 48,262 76,216 220,139 Final Bill 
2,500 804 3,304 51,086 6,500 
57,586 16,149 748 
34,707 10,472 32,804 
12,435 
18,800 920 127,035 3,400 16,600 20,000 
2,173,341 48,262 821,216 
745,000 
289,139 
69,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1907 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00311 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 724 here eh08mr17.211rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE0-1 Budget Request 
Interior Forces 
Sustainment 
Infrastructure 
Equipment and Transportation Training and Operations 
TOTAL, AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
Program decrease 
Consolidation of building partner capacity efforts -transfer to title IX OM,DW TOTAL, COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS 
FUND 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND Transfer to 
Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund 
Program decrease 
TOTAL, IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP 
Transfer to Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund 
Program decrease 
TOTAL, SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
COUNTER-ISIL TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
COUNTER-ISIL TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND Transfer from 
Iraq Train and Equip Fund Transfer from Syria Train and Equip Fund Jordan and Lebanon border security -transfer from 
title 
IXOM,DW 
TOTAL, COUNTER-ISIL TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 860,441 20,837 8,153 41,326 3,448,715 
1,000,000 1,000,000 630,000 630,000 250,000 250,000 
0 
0 
44,464,924 Final Bill 
860,441 20,837 8,153 41,326 4,262,715 
0 
-250,000 -750,000 
0 
0 
-580,000 -50,000 
0 0 
-220,000 -30,000 
0 
980,000 
580,000 220,000 180,000 
980,000 
47,736,507 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1908 March 8, 2017 
COMMANDERS ’ EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM  The agreement recommends $5,000,000 for the Commanders’ Emergency Response Pro-gram (CERP) in Afghanistan for fiscal year 2017. As directed in section 9005 of this Act, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Army shall submit com-mitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP to the congressional defense committees. PROCUREMENT The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00312 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1909 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00313 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 727 here eh08mr17.212rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 
6 15 
20 
26 27 
30 
31 
4 7 8 
10 
12 
6 8 
10 
15 18 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
thousands of dollars] 
Budget Request 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY AH-64 
APACHE BLOCK lilA REMAN (OCO/GWOT) 78,040 
MUL Tl SENSOR ABN RECON (OCO/GWOT) 21,400 EMARSS SEMA MODS (OCO/GWOT) 42,700 
RQ-7 UAV MODS (OCOIGWOT) 1,775 
UAS MODS (OCOIGWOT) 4,420 CMWS (OCO/GWOT) 
56,115 
CIRCM (OCO/GWOT) 108,721 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 313,171 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
HELLFIRE SYSTEM SUMMARY (OCO/GWOT) 455,830 Previously funded requirement 
JAVELIN SYSTEM SUMMARY (OCO/GWOT) 15,567 
TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY (OCOIGWOT) 80,652 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET 
(GMLRS) (OCOIGWOT) 75,991 LETHAL 
MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS) 
(OCO/GWOT) 4,777 
TOTAL, MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 632,817 
PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES, ARMY BRADLEY UPGRADE 
PROGRAM (OCO/GWOT) 0 
Army requested transfer from title IX OM,A lines 111, 113, 115, 
121,and212 
PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) (OCO/GWOT) 125,184 Estimated contract savings 
ASSAULT BRIGADE (MOD) (OCO/GWOT) 5,950 
M1 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM (OCO/GWOT) 0 
Army requested transfer from title IX OM,A lines 111, 113, 115, 121, and 212 
MORTAR SYSTEMS {OCO/GWOT) 22,410 TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS 
AND TRACKED 
COMBAT VEHICLES, ARMY 153,544 Final Bill 
78,040 21,400 42,700 
1,775 
4,420 
56,115 108,721 313,171 228,330 
-227,500 
15,567 
80,652 
75,991 4,777 405,317 
72,800 72,800 
122,584 
-2,600 
5,950 
172,200 172,200 22,410 
395,944 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1910 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00314 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 728 here eh08mr17.213rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 2 CTG, 7.62MM, 
ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 9,642 9,642 4 CTG, 
.50 CAL, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 6,607 6,607 
5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 1,077 1,077 6 CTG, 25MM, 
ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 28,534 28,534 7 CTG, 
30MM, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 20,000 20,000 
8 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 7,423 6,923 Unit cost growth 
-500 
9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 10,000 10,000 10 
81 MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 2,677 2,677 
CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES 
12 (OCO/GWOT) 8,999 8,999 14 
ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155M, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 30,348 30,348 15 
PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 (OCOIGWOT) 140 140 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES 
AND PRIMERS, ALL TYPES 
16 (OCO/GWOT) 29,655 29,655 
17 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 16,866 16,866 18 
SPIDER NETWORK MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 10,353 0 
Army identified excess funds -10,353 
19 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 63,210 63,210 
20 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES (OCOIGWOT) 42,851 42,851 22 
DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 6,373 6,373 23 GRENADES, 
ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 4,143 4,143 24 
SIGNALS, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 1,852 1,852 27 NON-LETHAL 
AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 773 773 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 301,523 290,670 OTHER 
PROCUREMENT, ARMY 2 
SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED (OCO/GWOT) 4,180 4,180 
8 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES (OCO/GWOT) 299,476 299,476 
10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (OCO/GWOT) 6,122 6,122 
11 PLS ESP (OCO/GWOT) 106,358 106,358 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1911 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00315 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 729 here eh08mr17.214rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
HEAVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV 
12 (OCO/GWOT) 203,766 203,766 
13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS 101,154 101,154 
14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP (OCO/GWOT) 155,456 125,456 Maintain level 
of effort -30,000 
19 WIN-T-GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK (OCO/GWOT) 9,572 9,572 25 
SHF TERM (OCO/GWOT) 24,000 24,000 
47 Cl AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (OCO/GWOT) 1,550 1,550 
51 COMSEC (OCO/GWOT) 1,928 1,928 
INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM 
56 (OCO/GWOT) 20,510 20,510 
62 DCGS-A (OCO/GWOT) 33,032 33,032 
64 TROJAN (OCO/GWOT) 3,305 3,305 Cl HUMINT 
AUTO REPORTING AND COLL (CHARCS) 
66 (OCO/GWOT) 7,233 7,233 69 
BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES (OCO/GWOT) 5,670 5,670 70 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER 
MORTAR RADAR (OCO/GWOT) 25,892 25,892 
FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIES 
74 (OCO/GWOT) 11,610 11,610 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES 
75 (OCO/GWOT) 23,890 23,890 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION 
FAMILY OF SYSTEMS 80 (OCO/GWOT) 4,270 4,270 
89 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM (OCO/GWOT) 2,572 2,572 
AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYSTEM 
92 (OCO/GWOT) 69,958 69,958 
102 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 9,900 9,900 ITEMS LESS 
THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) 
108 (OCOIGWOT) 96 96 
114 CBRN DEFENSE (OCO/GWOT) 1,841 1,841 
115 TACTICAL BRIDGING (OCO/GWOT) 26,000 26,000 
124 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS (OCOIGWOT) 268 268 128 
FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS (OCO/GWOT) 280 280 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1912 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00316 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 730 here eh08mr17.215rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
129 HEATERS AND ECU'S (OCO/GWOT) 894 894 134 
FORCE PROVIDER (OCO/GWOT) 53,800 53,800 
135 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 2,665 2,665 
CARGO AERIAL DELIVERY & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE 
136 SYSTEM (OCO/GWOT) 2,400 2,400 FAMILY OF ENGINEER 
COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS 
137 (OCO/GWOT) 9,789 9,789 138 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) (OCO/GWOT) 300 300 
139 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 4,800 4,800 140 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, 
PETROLEUM & WATER (OCO/GWOT) 78,240 78,240 
141 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL (OCO/GWOT) 5,763 5,763 142 
MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS (OCO/GWOT) 1,609 1,609 
143 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (MAINT EQ) (OCO/GWOT) 145 145 144 GRADER, 
ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) (OCO/GWOT) 3,047 3,047 
148 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED (OCO/GWOT) 4,426 4,426 151 
HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) (OCO/GWOT) 2,900 2,900 
155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (CONST EQUIP) (OCO/GWOT) 96 96 158 
GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP (OCO/GWOT) 31,761 31,761 
160 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS (OCO/GWOT) 846 846 168 
TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) (OCO/GWOT) 1,140 1,140 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 170 (OCO/GWOT) 8,500 8,500 TOTAL, OTHER PROCUREMENT, 
ARMY 1,373,010 1,343,010 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, 
NAVY 2 F/A-18E/F 
(FIGHTER) HORNET {OCO/GWOT) 184,912 167,912 Excess cost growth 
-17.000 
26 STUASLO UAV (OCO/GWOT) 70,000 61,900 ICS 
excess growth -8,100 
35 SH-60 SERIES (OCO/GWOT) 3,000 3,000 
36 H-1 SERIES (OCO/GWOT) 3,740 3,740 
39 EP-3 SERIES (OCO/GWOT) 7,505 7,505 
47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT (OCO/GWOT) 14,869 14,869 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1913 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00317 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 731 here eh08mr17.216rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 98,240 98,240 59 
V-22 OSPREY (OCO/GWOT) 8,740 8,740 63 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS (OCO/GWOT) 1,500 1,500 65 
AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES (OCO/GWOT) 524 524 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 393,030 367,930 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 10 
HELLFIRE (OCO/GWOT) 8,600 8,600 
TOTAL, WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 8,600 8,600 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MARINE CORPS 
1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS (OCO/GWOT) 40,366 40,366 2 
AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 8,860 8,860 6 
AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES (OCO/GWOT) 7,060 7,060 13 
PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION (OCO/GWOT) 1,122 1,122 14 
AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION (OCO/GWOT) 3,495 3,495 15 
SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION (OCO/GWOT) 1,205 1,205 17 40MM, 
ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 539 481 
MK281 unit cost growth -58 18 60MM, 
ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 909 909 20 120MM, 
ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 530 0 
Forward financing -530 
22 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 469 469 23 
ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 1,196 1,196 24 
DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 261 0 
Prior year carryover 
-261 
25 FUZE, ALL TYPES (OCO/GWOT) 217 217 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MARINE CORPS 66,229 65,380 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
81 DCGS-N (OCO/GWOT) 12,000 12,000 
116 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP (OCO/GWOT) 99,329 74,934 Prior year carryover due to contract delay -24,395 124 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 630 630 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1914 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00318 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 732 here eh08mr17.217rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
133 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (OCO/GWOT) 25 0 
Excess to need -25 137 
COMMAND SUPPPORT EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 10,562 10,562 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS (OCO/GWOT) 1,660 1,660 TOTAL, OTHER PROCUREMENT, 
NAVY 124,206 99,786 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS WEAPONS 
AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION 
6 (OCO/GWOT) 572 572 
10 JAVELIN (OCO/GWOT) 1,606 1,606 
18 MODIFICATION KITS (OCO/GWOT) 2,600 2,600 
19 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) (OCO/GWOT) 2,200 2,200 
26 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 20,981 20,981 
29 RQ-11 UAV (OCO/GWOT) 3,817 3,817 35 
COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES (OCO/GWOT) 2,600 2,600 
37 RADIO SYSTEMS (OCO/GWOT) 9,563 9,563 53 
EOD SYSTEMS (OCO/GWOT) 75,000 75,000 TOTAL, PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
118,939 118,939 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
4 C-130J (OCO/GWOT) 73,000 73,000 
11 CV-22 (OCO/GWOT) 0 97,000 
Program increase -one aircraft for attrition reserve 97,000 
15 MQ-9 (OCO/GWOT) 453,030 366,030 
Air Force requested transfer to line 61 for spares -60,000 
Excess initial spares -27,000 
19 LAIRCM (OCO/GWOT) 135,801 135,801 20 A-10 (OCO/GWOT) 23,850 43,000 
Excess funds -850 
Program increase- A-10 wing replacements 20,000 
22 F-16 (OCO/GWOT) 0 17,000 
Program increase- missile warning system 12,000 
Program increase anti-jam GPS 5,000 
47 E-3 (OCO/GWOT) 6,600 6,600 
56 HC/MC-130 MODIFICATIONS (OCO/GWOT) 13,550 13,550 
57 OTHER AIRCRAFT (OCO/GWOT) 7,500 7,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1915 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00319 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 733 here eh08mr17.218rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
59 MQ-9 MODS (OCO/GWOT) 112,068 73,768 Early to need 
-38,300 
61 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS (OCO/GWOT) 25,600 85,600 
Air Force requested transfer from line 15 for spares 60,000 
77 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES (OCO/GWOT) 8,400 8,400 TOTAL, AIRCRAFT 
PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 859,399 927,249 6 
PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE (OCO/GWOT) 145,125 141,375 Pricing adjustment 
-3,750 
7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (OCO/GWOT) 167,800 67,100 
Unit cost growth -16,800 
Previously funded requirement -83,900 
11 AGM-65 MAVERICK (OCO/GWOT) 26,620 26,620 TOTAL, MISSILE 
PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 339,545 235,095 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
1 ROCKETS (OCO/GWOT) 60,000 60,000 
2 CARTRIDGES (OCO/GWOT) 9,830 9,830 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS (OCO/GWOT) 7,921 7,921 6 
JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION (OCO/GWOT) 403,126 189,063 
Pricing adjustment -12,500 
Previously funded requirement -201,563 12 FLARES 
(OCO/GWOT) 6,531 6,531 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 487,408 273,345 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES {OCO/GWOT) 2,003 2,003 
2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE (OCO/GWOT) 9,066 9,066 
4 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (CARGO & UTILITY) (OCO/GWOT) 12,264 12,264 6 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SPECIAL PURPOSE) (OCO/GWOT) 16,789 16,789 7 
FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES (OCO/GWOT) 48,590 48,590 
8 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (MHE) (OCO/GWOT) 2,366 2,366 
RUNWAY SNOW REMOVAL & CLEANING EQUIPMENT 
9 (OCO/GWOT) 6,468 6,468 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1916 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00320 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 734 here eh08mr17.219rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT) 
10 (OCO/GWOT) 9,271 9,271 
16 AIR TRAFFIC LANDING & CONTROL SYSTEMS (OCO/GWOT) 42,650 21,325 
O-ILS schedule slip -21,325 29 
AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM {OCO/GWOT) 7,500 7,500 
33 C3 COUNTERMEASURES {OCO/GWOT) 620 620 
52 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 8,100 8,100 
56 COMM ELECT MODS (OCO/GWOT) 3,800 3,800 
61 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT {OCO/GWOT) 53,900 46,400 
JCREW- unjustified unit cost increase -7,500 
67 DCGS-AF (OCO/GWOT) 800 800 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS (OCO/GWOT) 3,472,094 3,334,094 
Classified adjustment -138,000 
TOTAL, OTHER PROCUREMENT, 
AIR FORCE 3,696,281 3,529,456 PROCUREMENT, 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
7 TELEPORT PROGRAM (OCO/GWOT) 3,900 3,900 
16 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK (OCO/GWOT) 2,000 2,000 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS (OCO/GWOT) 32,482 32,482 
41 MC-12 (OCO/GWOT) 5,000 5,000 
43 UNMANNED ISR (OCO/GWOT) 11,880 11,880 
46 U-28 (OCO/GWOT) 38,283 38,283 
48 CV-22 SOF MODIFICATION (OCO/GWOT} 0 25,000 
Program increase 25,000 
57 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M (OCO/GWOT} 52,504 52,504 
58 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS (OCO/GWOT) 22,000 22,000 60 
OTHER ITEMS <$5M (OCO/GWOT) 11,580 11,580 
62 SPECIAL PROGRAMS {OCO/GWOT) 13,549 13,549 63 
TACTICAL VEHICLES (OCOIGWOT) 3,200 3,200 
69 SOF OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS (OCO/GWOT) 42,056 22,806 
Classified adjustment -19,250 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 238,434 244,184 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1917 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00321 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 735 here eh08mr17.220rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEP-1 Budget Request Final Bill NATIONAL 
GUARD & RESERVE EQUIPMENT 
RESERVE EQUIPMENT 
ARMY RESERVE 0 105,000 
MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 105,000 
NAVY RESERVE 0 37,500 
MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 37,500 
MARINE CORPS RESERVE 0 7,500 
MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 7,500 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 0 105,000 
MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 105,000 
TOTAL, RESERVE EQUIPMENT 0 255,000 
NATIONAL GUARD EQUIPMENT 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 0 247,500 
MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 247,500 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 0 247,500 
MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 247,500 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD EQUIPMENT 0 495,000 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD & RESERVE EQUIPMENT 0 750,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT 9,106,136 9,368,076 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1918 March 8, 2017 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  The agreement provides $750,000,000 for Na-tional Guard and Reserve Equipment. Of that amount $247,500,000 is designated for the Army National Guard, $247,500,000 for the Air National Guard, $105,000,000 for the Army Re-serve, $105,000,000 for the Air Force Reserve, $37,500,000 for the Navy Reserve, and $7,500,000 for the Marine Corps Reserve. This funding will allow the reserve compo-nents to procure high priority equipment that may be used for combat and domestic response missions. Current reserve compo-nent equipping levels are among the highest in recent history and the funding provided by the agreement will help ensure compo-nent interoperability and sustained reserve component modernization. The Secretary of Defense is directed to en-sure that the account be executed by the Chiefs of the National Guard and reserve components with priority consideration given to the following items: acoustic hail-ing devices including hail and warning esca-lation of force systems, advanced cargo han-dling systems for CH–47, air broadband for C– 12, airborne sense and avoid systems for re-motely piloted aircraft, all-digital radar warning receivers, chemical biological pro-tective shelters, combat uniforms and cold weather protective clothing, common access card for remote access virtual private net-work with pre-tunnel authentication, com-puter-assisted language learning software, crashworthy ballistically tolerant auxiliary fuel systems, integrated facial protection components for standard issue helmets, large aircraft infrared countermeasures, advanced targeting pods, electromagnetic in-flight propeller balance systems, electro-optical in-frared sensors, frequency hopping multi-plexers, handheld and manpack and mid-tier networking vehicular radios, handheld explo-sives and chemical weapons detection capa-bilities, HMMWV rollover mitigation and control technologies, lightweight wide-area motion imagery systems, modular small arms and self-contained ranges, joint threat emitters, mandible protection, Marine Corps tactical radio digital communications, the mobile user objective system, modular fuel systems, palletized loading systems, multi- temperature refrigerated container systems, near infrared aiming and illumination sys-tems, out of band infrared pointer and illu-minator systems, radiac sets, semi-trailers, unstabilized gunnery crew trainer and small arms simulation trainers, and wireless mo-bile mesh self-healing network systems. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00322 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1919 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00323 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 739 here eh08mr17.221rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEEXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] 
R-1 Budget Request 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, ARMY 55 
ARMY SPACE SYSTEM INTEGRATION (OCO/GWOT) 90 NON-SYSTEM TRAINING 
DEVICES- ENG DEV (OCO/GWOT) COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) 
117 (OCO/GWOT) 
122 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 208 BIOMETRICS 
ENABLED INTELLIGENCE (OCO/GWOT) TOTAL, RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, 
ARMY 9,375 33 10,900 73,110 7,104 100,522 RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, NAVY 38 RETRACT LARCH 
(OCO/GWOT) 
TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES 
78 (TADIRCM) (OCO/GWOT) 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS (OCO/GWOT) TOTAL, RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, 
NAVY 3,907 37,990 
36,426 78,323 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, AIR FORCE 
58 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS (OCO/GWOT) 425 131 MQ-9 
(OCO/GWOT) 0 
Program increase -auto takeoff and landing capability 
SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY 200 
DEVELOPMENT (OCO/GWOT) 4,715 999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS (OCO/GWOT) 27,765 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, AIR FORCE 32,905 RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, DEFENSE-WIDE 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS (OCO/GWOT) 
Classified adjustment 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION, DEFENSE-WIDE 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVALUATION 162,419 162,419 374,169 Final Bill 
9,375 33 
10,900 73,110 7,104 100,522 3,907 37,990 
36,426 78,323 425 
35,000 35,000 
4,715 27,765 
67,905 
159,919 
-2,500 
159,919 
406,669 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1920 March 8, 2017 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget re-quest Final bill 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ....................... 46,833 46,833 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ......... 93,800 93,800 
TOTAL, DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS ..... 140,633 140,633 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget re-quest Final bill 
IN-HOUSE CARE ................................................ 95,366 95,366 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ..................................... 233,073 233,073 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................... 3,325 3,325 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ... 331,764 331,764 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE The agreement provides $215,333,000 for Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activi-ties, Defense. JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND The agreement on items addressed by ei-ther the House or the Senate is as follows: 
EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget re-quest Final bill 
RAPID ACQUISITION AND THREAT RESPONSE ... 345,472 339,472 Prior year carryover .................................. .................... ¥6,000 MISSION ENABLERS ........................................... 62,800 0 Transfer to title IX OM, DW ..................... ....................¥62,800 
TOTAL, JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT FUND 408,272 339,472 JOINT IMPROVISED -THREAT DEFEAT FUND  The fiscal year 2017 budget request in-cludes $408,272,000 in Overseas Contingency Operations funding for the Joint Improvised- Threat Defeat Fund. To preserve the essen-tial joint capabilities of the Joint Impro-vised-Threat Defeat Organization (JIDO) and eliminate any duplication with Service capa-bilities, the agreement recommends transfer-ring $62,800,000 to the Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide account in title IX. The budget request proposed consolidating the sub-accounts under the appropriation into a single account titled Rapid Acquisi-tion and Threat Response. This flexibility would allow for quick reaction changes in spending; however, it would prevent the con-gressional defense committees from having any insight into why or when these funding changes occur. Therefore, the agreement pro-vides the following funding levels for JIDO programs: $101,286,000 for Rapid Capability Delivery; $200,886,000 for Assist Situational Understanding; and $37,300,000 for Enable De-partment of Defense Responsiveness. The Di-rector of the JIDO is directed to provide quarterly reports to the congressional de-fense committees should funding be shifted between the accounts not later than 15 days after the end of the fiscal quarter. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL The agreement provides $22,062,000 for the Office of the Inspector General. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE The agreement for title IX incorporates general provisions from the House and Sen-ate versions of the bill which were not amended. Those general provisions that were addressed in the agreement are as follows: The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which provides for spe-cial transfer authority within title IX. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which provides funds for logistical support to allied forces supporting military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which provides funds for the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. The Senate bill contained no similar provi-sion. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which provides security assistance to the Government of Jordan. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of the Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. The Senate bill contained no simi-lar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which provides assist-ance and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine. The Sen-ate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House related to the replace-ment of funds for items provided to the Gov-ernment of Ukraine. The Senate bill con-tained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which prohibits the use of assistance and sustainment to the mili-tary and national security forces of Ukraine to procure or transfer man-portable air de-fense systems. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the House which provides funds to the Department of Defense to improve intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ca-pabilities. The Senate bill contained no simi-lar provision. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which prohibits the use of funds to transfer additional C–130 aircraft to Afghanistan until the Department of De-fense conducts a review of the country’s me-dium airlift requirements. The House bill contained no similar provision. 
(RESCISSIONS)  The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the House recommending rescis-sions and provides for the rescission of $819,000,000. The Senate bill contained a simi-lar provision. The rescissions agreed to are: 2016 Appropriations: Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide: DSCA Coalition Support Fund .................................................................................................... ...................................... $300,000,000 Counterterrorism Partnership Fund: Counterterrorism Partnership Fund .............................................................................................. ................................... 200,000,000 Afghanistan Security Forces Fund: Afghanistan Security Forces Fund ............................................................................................... .................................... 150,000,000 Other Procurement, Air Force: Classified adjustment .......................................................................................................... .............................................. 169,000,000 
(RESCISSION)  The agreement modifies a provision pro-posed by the Senate recommending rescis-sions and provides for the rescission of $11,524,000. The House bill contained no simi-lar provision. The rescission agreed to is: 2011/XXXX Appropriation: Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide: DSCA Coalition Support Fund .................................................................................................... ...................................... $11,524,000 The agreement adds a provision which ter-minates the Mine Resistant Ambush Pro- tected Vehicle Fund. The House and Senate bills contained no similar provisions. The agreement retains a provision pro-posed by the Senate which requires the President to designate all Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism funds as such. The House bill contained a similar provision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00324 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1921 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00325 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 748 here eh08mr17.222rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE I 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Military Personnel, Army .. , ......................... . 
11i l i tary Personnel, Navy ............................ . 
Military Personnel. Marine Corps .................... . 
Military Personnel, Air Force ........................ . Reserve 
Personnel, Army ........................... . Reserve 
Personnel, Navy ........................... . Reserve 
Personnel, Marine Corps ................... . Reserve 
Personnel, Air Force ......................... . National Guard 
Personnel. Army ...................... . National Guard 
Personnel, Air Force .................. . 
Total, Title I, Military Personnel ... 
TITLE II 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
Operation and Maintenance, Army ...................... . 
Operation and Maintenance. Navy ...................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
41,045,562 27,835,183 12.859' 152 
27,679,066 4' 463' 164 
1,866,891 702,481 
1,682,942 7,892,327 3,201,890 
129,228,658 ---------------------------32,399,440 39,600,172 FY 2017 
Request 
40.028' 182 
27,951,605 12,813,412 27.944,615 4,561,703 1 '924. 155 
744,995 
1,742,906 7,910,694 3,280,065 
128,902,332 ============= 33,809,040 39,483,581 Final Bill Final Bill 
Final Bill vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
40,042,962 ·1,002,600 +14,780 
27,889,405 +54,222 62,200 
12,735,182 -123,970 -78,230 
27,958,795 +279,729 +14,180 
4,524,863 +61,699 -36,840 
1,921,045 +54. 154 -3,110 
744,795 +42,314 -200 
1,725,526 +42,584 -17,380 
7,899,423 +7,096 -11 . 271 
3,283,982 +82,092 +3,917 
...... ., .... _____ ........... ,.. ... ~ .. _ ... __ --_.., __ ,. ..... ,.,. ... ___ 
128.725,978 -502,680 -176,354 
==~========~~ ~============= ===:========= 
32,738,173 38.552.017 +338,733 
-1 . 048. 155 ·1 ,070,867 ·931,564 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1922 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00326 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 749 here eh08mr17.223rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps ............ . 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force ................ . 
Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide ............. . 
Operation and Maintenance. Army Reserve .............. . 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve .............. . 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve ..... . 
Operation and Maintenance. Air Force Reserve ........ . 
Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard ...... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard ........ . 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces .. 
Envi ronmenta 1 Restoration, Army ...................... . 
Environmental Restoration. Navy .................... . 
Environmental Restoration. Air Force ............... . 
Environmental Restoration, Defense-Wide .............. . 
Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites 
Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid ...... . 
Cooperative Threat Reduction Account .............. . FY 2016 
Enacted 
5,718,074 35,727,457 32,105,040 2,646,911 998,481 274,526 
2,980,768 6,595,483 6.820,569 14,078 234,829 300,000 368,131 8,232 
231,217 103,266 358,496 FY 2017 
Request 
5,954,258 37,518,056 32,571,590 2,712,331 927,656 270,633 
3,067,929 6,825,370 6,703,578 1 4. 194 
170,167 281,762 371,521 9,009 
197,084 105,125 325,604 
Total. Title II, Operation and maintenance ...... 167,485,170 171,318,488 Final Bi l1 
5,676,152 36,247,724 32,373,949 2,743,688 929,656 271 '133 
3,069,229 6,861,478 6,615,095 14' 194 
170,167 289,262 371,521 9,009 
222,084 123,125 325,604 
167,603,260 Final Bill Final Bill 
vs. FY 2016 vs Request 
41,922 
+520,267 +268,909 +96' 777 
-68,825 -3,393 +88,461 +265,995 -205,474 +116 
-64,662 -10.738 +3,390 +777 
-9.133 +19,859 -32,892 +118,090 -278,106 
-1,270,332 -197,641 +31,357 +2,000 +500 +1,300 +36 ,108 
-88,483 +7,500 +25,000 +18,000 
-3,715,228 
============= =~==:=======; ============= =======~====== ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1923 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00327 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 750 here eh08mr17.224rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE III 
PROCUREMENT 
Aircraft Procurement, Army ...................... . 
Missile Procurement, Army ............................ . 
Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles. 
Army ............................................... . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Army ...................... . 
Other Procurement, Army ............................ . 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy .......................... . Weapons 
Procurement, Navy. . . . . . . . . . ................. . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps ..... . 
Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy .................... . 
Other Procurement, Navy ............................. . 
Procurement. Marine Corps .......................... . 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force ...................... . 
Missile Procurement, Air Force ....................... . 
Space Procurement. Air Force ....................... . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force ............... . 
Other Procurement, Air Force. . . . . . .................. . 
Procurement. Defense-Wide .......................... . 
Defense Production Act Purchases ................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
5,866,367 1,600,957 1,951,646 1 ,245,426 5,718.811 17,521,209 3,049,542 651,920 
18,704,539 6,484,257 1,186,812 15,756,853 2. 912. 131 
2,812,159 1,744,993 18,311,882 5.245,443 76,680 FY 2017 
Request 
3,614,787 1.519,966 2. 265. 177 
1,513,157 5,873,949 14.109.148 3,209,262 664,368 
18,354,874 6,338,861 1. 362 j 769 
13.922.917 2,426,621 3,055,743 1,677,719 17,438,056 4,524,918 44,065 Final Bill 
4,587,598 1,533,804 2,229,455 1,483,566 6,147. 328 
16,135,335 3,265,285 633,678 
21,156,886 6,308,919 1,307,456 14,253,623 2,348,121 2,733,243 1,589,219 17,768,224 4,881,022 64,065 Final Bill Final Bill 
vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
1,278,769 +972,811 
-67,153 +13,838 
+277,809 -35,722 
+238,140 -29,591 
+428,517 +273,379 
·1. 385.874 +2,026,187 
+215,743 +56,023 
-18,242 -30,690 
+2,452,347 +2,802,012 
-175,338 -29,942 
+120,644 -55,313 
-1 '503. 230 +330,706 
-564,010 -78,500 
-78,916 -322,500 
-155,774 -88,500 
-543,658 +330.168 
-364,421 +356. 104 
-12,615 +20,000 
_.._,. .................... -------*--.......... -----~~-----........ ,..,. .. ________ ... --.... ..--....... ---..... 
Total, Title III, Procurement .................. . 11 0' 841 . 627 101,916,357 108,426,827 -2,414,800 +6,510,470 
==========~== ====~====~=== ===========~= ============== =======~===;= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1924 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00328 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 751 here eh08mr17.225rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army ... . Research. Development, 
Test and Evaluation. Navy ..... . Research. Development. 
Test and Evaluation. Air Force. Research, Development, 
Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide . 
. . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . 
. . . . ...... . 
Operational Test and Evaluation. Defense ............ . 
Total, Title IV, Research, Development, Test and 
Evaluation ................................... . 
TITLE V 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS 
Defense Working Capital Funds ................ . 
National Defense Sealift Fund ........................ . 
Total. Title V, Revolving and Management Funds .. FY 2016 
Enacted 
7,565.327 18,117,677 25.217,148 18,695,955 188,558 FY 2017 
Request 
7,515,399 17,276,301 28,112,251 18,308,826 178.994 Final Bill 
8,332,965 17,214,530 27,788,548 18,778,550 186,994 Final Bill Final Bill 
vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
+767,638 +817,566 
-903,147 -61,771 
+2,571 ,400 -323,703 
+82,595 +469.724 
·1,564 +8,000 
---..... ~,...,_.., _________ ,..,....,.. _ _,..,_ ............ _ ... ..,_.,.. ___ ... ,.,.,.. .. ..,.., ______ ,. ................ _ ..... ___ --
69,784,665 71,391 '771 72,301,587 +2,516,922 +909,816 
==========;== ============= ===;========= =======;=~==== =:=========== 
1,738,768 1,371,613 '1,511,613 -227,155 +140,000 
474,164 --. -. -4 74.164 
. . ~ -........ -....... ------........... -~,.. ____ .,.. __ .,. .. __ -"' .,. ---
---.. -.. -.,._,._ .... ..,.. __ . 
2,212,932 1,371,613 1,511,613 -701 '319 +140,000 
============= =~====~=====~ ====~======== ============== ========~==== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1925 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00329 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 752 here eh08mr17.226rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT. 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE VI 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS 
Defense Health Program 
Operation and maintenance ...................... . 
Procurement.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . Research, development, 
test and evaluation ....... . 
Total, Defense Health Program 1 I 31 ......... . 
Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense: 
Operation and maintenance... . . . . ............... . Procurement. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
....... . Research, development, 
test and evaluation ....... . 
Total, Chemical Agents 2/ ..................... . Drug 
Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, 
Defense1/. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund ............... . 
Office of the Inspector General 1/ .................. . 
Total, Title VI. Other Department of Defense 
Programs ..................................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
29,842,167 385,390 
2,121,933 FY 2017 
Request 
32,231.390 413,219 822,907 
M~---........ ,. ___ ... ------~--.. -· 
32,329,490 33,467,516 
118.198 147,282 
2.281 15. 132 
579.342 388,609 Final Bill Final Bill 
Final Bill vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
31,277,002 +1 ,434,835 -954,388 
402. 161 +36. 771 ·11 '058 
2,102.107 -19,826 +1 .279,200 
•------~--......... .,_,_~_,_, _ _,'*'"'"'-""' .. -... --.-..-~-w--
33,781,270 +1 ,451.780 +313,754 
119 '985 +1,787 -27,297 
15' 132 +12,851 
388,609 -190,733 
_ ...... ~-_..,, .. -~ __ .., ______ ,..,,.,. _____ .,._,.. __ .., ... _ ... ..,_.,.,. _ _, .............. .. -... '"' ........ "' -..... --
699,821 551,023 523,726 -176,095 -27,297 
1 ,050,598 844,800 998,800 -51,798 +154,000 
99,300 -.. . . --99,300 
312,559 322,035 312,035 ·524 -10' 000 
__ w_.,...,_ .... .,,_ _ _, ______ ..,...,,..., _ .. _.,. .. ____ .., ....... ,..., ,.._,...,.,._ •-----""--""-"''"'"'""_,., ___ 
34,392,468 35,284,674 35,615,831 +1 ,223,363 +331,157 
===========~~ ======~====== ============= ============~= ===~========= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1926 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00330 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 753 here eh08mr17.227rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE VII 
RELATED AGENCIES 
Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability 
Sys tern Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . ... . 
Intelligence Community Management Account (ICMA) ..... . 
Total. Title VII. Related agencies ............ . 
TITLE VIII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Additional transfer authority (Sec.8005) ............ . 
FFROC (Sec 8025).............. . . . . . . . . . .......... . 
Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery 
(Sec.8030} ..................................... . 
Rescissions (Sec.8043) ............................... . 
National grants (Sec.8051) .......................... . 
O&M, Defense-wide transfer authority (Sec.8055) ...... . F'( 2016 
Enacted 514,000 505,206 
1,019,206 --------------------------
(4,500,000) 
·65,000 
1,000 
-1,768,937 
44,000 (30,000) FY 2017 
Request 
514,000 
533,596 
1,047,596 
::::::::::::::;;=:::======= 
(5,000,000) ---
-... 
.. -
(30,000) Final Bill 
514,000 
515,596 
1,029,596 --------------------------
(4,500,000) 
-60,000 
---
-2,002,622 
44,000 (30,000) Final Bill Final Bill 
vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
+10.390 ·18 ,000 +10,390 
-18,000 
============== ::::::::::::::::::.::::::;:::::::==== 
-. -(-500,000) 
+5,000 -60,000 
-1,000 
-233,685 2,002,622 
--- +44,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1927 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00331 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 754 here eh08mr17.228rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT. 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) John 
C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development 
Trust Fund (O&M. Navy transfer authority) (Sec.8063) 
Fisher House Foundation (Sec.8071) .................. . Revised economic assumptions 
(Sec.8078} ............. . Defense 
acquisition workforce development excess cash 
balances {Sec.8087) ............................ . 
Fisher House O&M Army Navy Air Force transfer 
authority (Sec.8093) ............................. .. 
Defense Health O&M transfer authority (Sec.8097) ..... . 
Basic allowance for housing .......................... . Working 
Capital Fund, Army excess cash balances 
(Sec. 8118) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................ _ ......... . 
Working Capital Fund, Defense-wide excess cash 
balances (rescission) ............................ . 
Revised fuel costs (Sec.8119) ...................... . 
Ship Modernization, Operation, and Sustainment Fund 
(rescission) (Sec 8130) ........................... . 
Total, Title VIII, General Provisions .......... . FY 2016 
Enacted (1 ,000) 5,000 
-1,500,789 ( 11 . 000) 
( 121 '000) 
300,000 -389,000 
·1.037,000 -2,576,000 -6,986,726 --------------------------FY 2017 
Request ( 11 • 000) 
(122,375) 
=======:::=::::::::::: Final Bi 1l 
(1,000) 5,000 
-157,000 -531,000 ( 11 . 000) 
(122,375) -336,000 
-1,155,000 -1,391,070 5,583,692 
::::::;:.:;:.:=======::::::: Final Bill Final Bill 
vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
---(+1,000) 
---+5,000 
+1 ,343,789 -157,000 
-531,000 -531,000 
( +1 . 375) 
-300,000 +53,000 -336,000 
+1.037,000 +1,421,000 -1.155.000 
-1,391,070 -1.391.070 +1 ,403,034 -5,583,692 
========:::====::::: ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1928 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00332 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 755 here eh08mr17.229rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE IX 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON 
TERRORIS" (GWOT) 
Military Personnel 
Military Personnel, Army {GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................. . 
Military Personnel, Navy (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
Military Personnel, Marine Corps (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
Military Personnel, Air Force (GWOT) 
OCOIGWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................... . Reserve 
Personnel, Army {GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT} .................. . Reserve 
Personnel, Navy (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements ( GWOT) ..................... . Reserve 
Personnel, Marine Corps (GWOT) 
OCO I GWOT Requirements ( GWOT) ..................... . Reserve 
Personnel. Air Force (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................... . 
National Guard Personnel, Army (GWOT) 
OCO!GWOT Requirements (GWOT).... . 
. . ........... . 
National Guard Personnel, Air Force (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
1,846,356 251,011 171 ,079 
726,126 24,462 12,693 3,393 18,710 166,015 2.828 FY 2017 
Request 
2,051,578 330,557 179,733 719,896 42,506 11 . 929 3,764 
20,535 196,472 5,288 Fi na1 Bi 11 
1,948,648 327,427 179' 733 
705,706 42,506 11,929 3,764 20,535 196,472 5,288 
. . ~-""-_ ... _ ... --·----............ ----~--.... ~ ..... 
Grand Tota1, Military Personnel (OCOIGWOT) .... 3,222,673 3,562,258 3,442,008 Final B111 Fina1 Bill 
vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
+102,292 -102,930 +76,416 -3. 130 
+8,654 -20,420 ·14,190 
+18,044 -764 +371 
+1,825 +30,457 +2,460 
....... A _________ ...... ~ ...... -.. ~---
+219,335 ·120,250 
==~z========= ===;========= ==~===:====== =======~====~~ ====~======== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1929 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00333 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 756 here eh08mr17.230rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT. 2017 
Operation and Maintenance 
Operation & Maintenance, Army (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................ . 
Operation & Maintenance. Navy {GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ......... ., ....... . 
(Coast Guard) (by transfer) (GWOT) ............ . 
Operation & Maintenance. Marine Corps (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements ( GWOT) ..................... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
Operation & Maintenance. Defense-Wide OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
{Coalition support funds) (GWOT) .............. . 
Operation & Maintenance. Army Reserve {GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................. . 
Operation & Maintenance, Navy Reserve {GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force Reserve (GWOT} 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT).... . 
. . . . . . . . ..... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard 
OCOJGWOT Requirements (GWOT) ............ . 
Operation & Maintenance. Air National Guard (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................... . in Thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 
14,994,833 
7,169,611 
1,372.534 
11 '128. 813 
5,665,633 
(1 • 160 '000} 
99,559 31,643 
3,455 58.106 135,845 19,900 FY 2017 
Request 
15,310,587 
6,827,391 
(162,692) 
1.244,359 
9,498,830 
5,982,173 
( 1 '1 00. 000} 
38.679 
26,265 3,304 
57,586 
127,035 20,000 Final Bi 11 
15,693,068 
7,887,349 
--
1,607,259 
10,556,598 
6,476,649 
(920,000} 
38,679 26,265 
3,304 
57,586 
127,035 20,000 Final Bill Final Bill 
vs FY 2016 vs. Request 
+698,235 +382,481 +717,738 
+1,059,958 
--- ( 162,692) +234.725 
+362,900 
-572.215 +1,057,768 +811,016 
+494,476 
(·240,000) (·180,000) 
60,880 
-5,378 
-151 -520 
-8,810 
+100 -............ "' ... '""'""' ____ ... __ .... ..,, ........... -,.., ................... ,. ......... ___ __ ........... , ........... ,.. .. __ 
Subtotal. Operation and Maintenance ............ . 40,679,932 39,136,209 42,493,792 +1 ,813.860 +3,357,583 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1930 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00334 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 757 here eh08mr17.231rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
{Amounts in Thousands) 
Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund (GWOT) ......... . 
Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (GWOT) ........... . 
Iraq Train and Equip fund (GWOT) .................... . 
Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund (GWOT). . . . . . . . . . . 
. 
Syria Train and Equip Fund (GWOT) .................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
1.100. 000 
3,652,257 715,000 FY 2017 
Request 
1,000,000 3,448,715 630,000 250,000 Final Bill Final Bill 
Final Bill vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
.. -1,100,000 -1,000,000 
4,262,715 +610,458 +814' 000 
-.. -715,000 -630,000 
980,000 +980,000 +980,000 
. . . .. -250,000 
,.._ ...... _ ..... ..,.,.,., __ -·---....... ,.. ..... ,.. .. --., w -·--"""' ---... -~--------... --.... --... --... -
Grand Total, Operation and Maintenance 
(OCO/GWOT) .................. . 
Procurement 
Aircraft Procurement, Army (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................... . 
Missile Procurement, Army (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ....... , ............. . 
Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, 
Army (GWOT} 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................... . Procurement 
of Ammunition, Army (GWOT} 
OCOIGWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
Other Procurement, Army (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT} ................... . 
Aircraft Procurement, Navy (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................... . 46.147' 189 44,464,924 47,736,507 +1 '589' 318 +3,271 ,583 
===========~= ============= ======~~===== ========:=~=== ============= 
161.987 313,171 313,171 +151 '184 
37.260 632,817 405,317 +368,057 -227,500 
486,630 153,544 395,944 -90,686 +242,400 
222,040 301,523 290,670 +68,630 -10,853 
1,175,596 1,373,010 1,343,010 +167,414 -30,000 
210,990 393,030 367,930 +156,940 -25,100 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1931 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00335 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 758 here eh08mr17.232rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
Weapons Procurement. Navy 
OCO/GWOT Requirements 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps 
(GWOT) OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy (GWOT) 
Other Procurement, Navy (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................... . Procurement, Harine Corps 
{GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................. . 
Aircraft Procurement. Air Force (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................. . 
Hissi1e Procurement, Air Force (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ..................... . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT).. .. . . ........ . 
Other Procurement, Air Force {GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................. . Procurement, 
Defense-Wide ( 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) .................. . 
National Guard and Reserve Equipment (GWOT) ........ . 
Grand Total. Procurement (OCO/GWOT) .......... . in Thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 117 '966 
12' 186 
56,934 128,900 289,142 228,874 
3' 477,001 173,918 
1,000,000 FY 2017 
Request 8,600 66,229 124,206 118.939 859,399 339,545 487,408 
3,696,281 238,434 ... Final Bill Final Bill 
Fi na 1 Bi 11 vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
8,600 +8,600 
65,380 -52,586 849 
99,786 +87,600 -24.420 
118,939 +62,005 
927,249 +798,349 +67.850 
235,095 -54,047 -104,450 
273,345 +44,471 -214,063 
3,529,456 +52,455 -166,825 
244,184 +70,266 +5,750 
750,000 250,000 +750,000 
.,.._ "' ., .. .,.., .. ...,,.,. __ ,_ __ ... ..,,., .. ,. _ .. _ .... ,.. _______ ..,.,._ "' __ ..,.,. .. _ ----.. .. .,. ... "' .... ----
7. 779.424 9' 106. 136 9,368,076 +1 ,588,652 +261 ,940 
============= ===========~= ====;:======= ====::::;:==== ===========~= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1932 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00336 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 759 here eh08mr17.233rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) Research, Development. 
Test and Evaluation Research. 
Development, Test & Evaluation, Army (GWOT} 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ...... , ............. . 
Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy (GWOT) 
OCO!GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................... . 
Research, Development. Test & Evaluation, 
Air Force {GWOT) 
OCOIGWOT Requirements Research, 
Development, Test and Evaluation, 
Defense-Wide (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT)...... . . . . . 
. . . ..... FV 2016 
Enacted 1.500 35,747 17' 100 
177,087 FV 2017 
100,522 78,323 32,905 162,419 Final Bi11 
100,522 78,323 67,905 159,919 
.. -......... "" .... -.. -"" .. "'-"" ... "'"' _,.._,.,..,_ ____ ,.. . 
Grand Total. Research. Development, Test and Evaluation 
COCO/GWOT) ............. . 231 .434 374,169 406,669 Final Bil 1 
vs. FV 2016 
+99,022 +42,576 +50,805 ·17. 168 
"' ........ "" .. "" ........ -,.. .. "" 
+175,235 Fina1 Bill 
vs. Request +35,000 ·2.500 
......... '"" "' .. -.. . . 
+32,500 
========;==== ==~========== ============= ======:======= =======~=::;: 
Revolving and Management Funds 
Defense Working Capital Funds (GWOT} ................ . 88,850 140,633 140,633 +51 ,783 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1933 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00337 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 760 here eh08mr17.234rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT. 2017 Other 
Department of Defense Programs Defense 
Health Program: 
on and maintenance (GWOT) 
OCO/GWOT Requirements (GWOT) ................... . 
Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ( 
GWOT) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . 
. . . . . . 
. . . . . . .............. . 
Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund (GWOT) .......... . 
Office of the Inspector General (GWOT} ............... . 
Grand Total, Other Department of Defense 
Programs (OCO/GWOT}. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 
TITLE IX General Provisions 
Additiona1 transfer authority (GWOT) (Sec.9002) .. 
Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative (GWOT) (Sec. 9014) 
.......... ' ......... < ••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (GWOT) 
(Sec.9018} ........................................ . 
Rescissions (GWOT) (Sec.9021) ....................... . 
Coalition support funds (rescission) (GWOT} (Sec.9022} 
Total, General Provisions ................... . Grand 
Total, Title IX (OCO/GWOT) ............ . in Thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 272.704 186,000 349.464 10,262 FY 2017 Request 331,764 
215,333 408,272 22,062 Final Bi11 Final Bill 
Final Bill vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
331,764 +59,060 
215,333 +29,333 339,472 -9,992 -68,800 
22,062 +11 ,800 
-....... '" ........ "" .. --
--... ,.., ..... .,. ., ......... __ ........ ,..,. .. .., __ ,.. ,._,..,..,. __ .. _ 
818,430 
(4,500,000) 250,000 500,000 -400,000 350,000 58,638,000 977' 431 
(4,500,000) 58,625,551 
--------------------------
---------~----------------908,631 +90,201 -68,800 
(2,500,000) (·2,000,000) (·2,000,000) 
150,000 -100.000 +150,000 500,000 --. +500,000 
·819,000 -419,000 -819,000 
-11,524 -11,524 -11,524 
.... ,.,."'" ____ .. _.,.."" .... ,.._ __ ,..,...,... _____ __ , .... ,.,...,,...,.,. ___ 
-180,524 -530,524 -180' 524 
,._,. ____ ... ., ...... ,., .... "'..,..,. __ ... ___ .. .,. .. ,.._ .... ..,,.,. ___ 
61,822,000 +3, 184' 000 +3,196,449 
============= ============== ===~========= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1934 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00338 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 761 here eh08mr17.235rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
Grand Tot 
a l , B i 11 . . . 
. . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . 
. . . . 
. . . . 
Appropriations ............................ . Global 
War on Terrorism (GWOT)... . 
. ....... . 
Rescissions. . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . ..... . 
Rescissions (GWOT} ..................•...... FY 2016 
Enacted FY 2017 
Request 
======;====== =~========:== 
566,616,000 569,858,382 
(510,783,937) (511,232,831) 
(59,038,000) (58,625,551) 
(. 2' 805 '937) 
(-400.000) Final Bill 
============= 571,453,000 (513,024,692) (62,652,524) (·3,393,692) {-830,524) Fina1 Bill 
vs. FY 2016 
::::;:;:::::::::::::;:;;:::;;=== +4,837,000 (+2,240,755) (+3,614,524) (·587,755} { 430,524) 
============= ==========~== ========:==== ========:::;:: 
1/ Included in Budget under Operation and Maintenance 
21 Included in Budget under Procurement 
3/ Budget request assumes enactment of DoD's 
pharmacy/Consolidated Health Plan proposals Final Bill 
vs. Request 
---------------------------+1 ,594,618 
(+1,791,861) (+4,026,973) ( 3,393,692) (·830,524) 
--------------------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1935 March 8, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00339 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.032 H08MRPT1
Insert offset folio 762/800 here eh08mr17.236rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
RECAPITULATION 
Title I -Military Personnel ........................ . 
Title II -Operation and Maintenance ................. . 
Title Ill -Procurement .............................. . 
Title IV -Research, Development, Test and Evaluation. 
Title V-Revolving and Management Funds ............ . 
Title VI -Other Department of Defense Programs ...... . 
Title VII -Related Agencies ......................... . 
Title VIII-General Provisions (net) ............... . 
Title IX-Global War on Terrorism (GWOT) ............ . FY 2016 
Enacted 
129,228,658 167,485,170 
110,841,627 
69,784,665 
2,212,932 
34,392,468 
1,019,206 
-6,986,726 
58,638,000 FY 2017 
Request 
128,902,332 
171,318,488 
101,916,357 
71,391.77'1 
1,371,613 
35,284,674 
1,047,596 -.. 
58,625,551 Final Bill 
128. 725.978 
167,603,260 108,426,827 
72,301,587 
1,511,613 
35,615,831 
1 ,029, 596 
5,583,692 
61 ,822,000 Final Bill Final Bill 
vs. FY 2016 vs. Request 
-502,680 -176,354 
+118,090 ·3,715,228 
-2,414,800 +6,510,470 
+2,516,922 +909,816 
-701,319 +140,000 
+1,223,363 +331,157 
+10,390 -18.000 
+1,403,034 -5,583,692 
+3,184,000 +3' 196' 449 
................ ---~----____ ..... .., .. ,._ --~~---- --- .,__ .. .,. .. -.......... _ -~ _.,,_ ........ --~--~ 
Total. Department of Defense ................... . 566,616,000 569,858,382 571,453,000 +4,837,000 +1 ,594,618 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1936 March 8, 2017 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by congratulating Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN on bringing his first full bill to the House floor as chairman of the Ap-propriations Committee. I have greatly appreciated his friendship and steady leadership of the Defense Sub-committee. Further, I also thank our new sub-committee chairwoman, K
AYGRANGER . She has been a great partner in com-pleting the work on the fiscal year 2017 conference report, and I look forward to working with her as we proceed. Finally, I thank the members of the subcommittee and our extraordinary staff for their wisdom and for their long hours that they have logged in putting this product together. The chairman has well described H.R. 1301. I would add that this bill includes strong positions countering Russian aggression, building partnership capac-ity, and supporting readiness. Because it is a product of bipartisan negotia-tion, this is a good bill, and I intend to support it. Despite my support for this legisla-tion, I am extremely troubled that we are still working on the fiscal year 2017 Defense bill 5 months and 8 days into the fiscal year. For nearly 6 months, the Department of Defense has been operating under two separate continuing resolutions, which wastes the time of people’s lives and leads to inefficiencies in spending. I would emphasize this is not the fault of the committee. All that has been ab-sent is the lack of political will on be-half of the majority party. Even more disconcerting is the fact that the Defense Appropriations Act is just one of 11 fiscal year 2017 appropria-tions bills that need to be completed by the end of next month. There is no ex-cuse for them remaining unfinished. The investments made through these bills are vital to so many in our coun-try, and they need equal attention from Congress and the administration. It is imperative that we strive every day to prioritize keeping America safe and supporting our brave servicemem-bers, but we must also prioritize edu-cating our workforce, making improve-ments in public health, in science, and in our economic and transportation in-frastructure. If we neglect these investments in our future and in the well-being and success of current families and future generations, then I am deeply con-cerned that we will not have a country worth defending. Confounding a confused fiscal situa-tion, there is a $30 billion supplemental request for fiscal year 2017 recently submitted to the Office of Management and Budget by the Department of De-fense, which should make its way to Congress in the next few weeks. Addi-tionally, as the administration modi-fies its fiscal year 2018 budget request, they are without a predictable base on which to build. There is very little margin of error, given the few legislative days remain-ing before the continuing resolution expires on April 28. I, and I believe the chairman, do not view that date as an-other point for negotiation. It is an ab-solute deadline, and the value of this bill and every other appropriations bill diminishes the day they are not en-acted. b1545 In closing, I again appreciate the leadership and the management of this wonderful work by our chairman, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . Going forward, I will work hard with the chairman. I will work hard with Chairwoman G
RANGER , with Ranking Member L
OWEY , and the other members of our full committee to return the appropriations process to its normal schedule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ), chairwoman of the Defense Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1301, the FY17 Department of Defense Appropriations Act. The world is more dangerous and unstable than any time in recent his-tory. The U.S. and our allies face con-stant threats from countries including Iran, Russia, China, and North Korea. ISIS and other global terrorists threat-en our very way of life. Our number one responsibility as Members of Congress is to provide for the defense of this Nation. I commend Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for the out-standing job he did drafting the FY17 bill. He deserves our thanks for pro-ducing such a significant and meaning-ful bill. Since becoming the chairwoman of the Defense Subcommittee of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, I have spent a lot of time talking to senior defense leaders to find out what they need to combat these threats. They have unanimously stated that the only thing our adversaries respect is strength, and they need this bill passed to ensure our military is as strong and effective as possible. Sequestration and reduced budget re-quests have caused the military to be underfunded for too long. This bill be-gins a process of rebuilding our mili-tary and giving our warfighters the re-sources they need to counter the nu-merous complex threats around the world. This bill reverses the drawdown of end strength and instead increases it by 36,000 troops above the FY17 budget request. This bill reverses steep cuts to procurement by funding additional ships and aircraft to modernize our weapons systems and address short-falls. This is important because we have the smallest number of ships in the Navy since 1916, and the average age of an Air Force aircraft is 27 years old. Marine aviation squadrons have been forced to salvage parts from mu-seums in order to keep our planes fly-ing. In every meeting I have had with de-fense leadership, they emphasize the devastating impact both sequestration and operating under a continuing reso-lution have on our security. When asked about the impact of a full year CR, General Goldfein, chief of staff of the Air Force, said: ‘‘There is no enemy on the planet that can do more damage to the United States Air Force than us not getting a budget.’’ Our military is counting on us to pass this bill now. It is the only way to ensure the United States will be strong and able to lead in this very dangerous world. I strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member of the full committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , Chairwoman G
RANGER , and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their hard work and cooperation. Today’s bill is the product of good faith bipartisan and bi-cameral negotiation. Each Member of this body will need to determine whether positive aspects of this bill outweigh uncertainty about the prospects of 10 other critical fund-ing bills languishing without a clear path forward. Unlike the Defense Ap-propriations bill passed by the House last June, this bill keeps faith with ex-isting caps on discretionary spending. It does not use a budget gimmick to create a mid-year shortfall in funding, which would have affected salaries and mission support for men and women serving bravely in harm’s way. I thank the chairman for increasing cybersecurity operations by nearly $1 billion; fully funding the European Re-assurance Initiative in response to Russian aggression; investing in the in-telligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance resources combatant com-manders clamor for; and assisting men and women in uniform by increasing pay by 2.1 percent, adding $25 million for sexual assault prevention and re-sponse, and providing $33.8 billion for the Defense Health Program. Despite these positive attributes, I would be remiss not to remind this body that the 2017 appropriations proc-ess can be described as nothing but a failure that continues to this day, more than 5 months into the fiscal year. The Defense bill that we consider today could have and should have been finished in September 2016. The major-ity chose to punt the deadline for this and 10 other appropriations bills until April for entirely political reasons. All Americans know we must ensure our Armed Forces are staffed, trained, and equipped to meet the challenges they face. We must fulfill that respon-sibility without neglecting the critical services and investments funded through the 10 other unfinished appro-priations bills. I am very concerned that the House Republican leadership is proposing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00340 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.053 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1937 March 8, 2017 
move one bill forward without any in-dication that the other 10 will see the light of day. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ), the chairman of the Com-mittee on Armed Services. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding time and commend him for his continuing leadership on national secu-rity. I also thank the chairwoman of this subcommittee, Ms. G
RANGER , and the ranking member, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , for their continuing work on national security. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we pass this bill now. The Department of Defense is currently operating under a continuing resolution, which means you have got to spend the same money this year that you spent last year, and you have to spend it on the same things. Even if you don’t need to spend money on something this year that you spent last year, you have to. So it is wasteful. But you also can’t spend money on new things, even though new threats arise. It is not good for any part of government. It is particularly bad for the Department of Defense. It is important to pass this bill now to re-move this continuing resolution and have a regular appropriation bill. Secondly, this bill is consistent with the Defense Authorization Conference Report which passed this House in De-cember. All but four Republicans and all but 30 Democrats in the House voted for that measure in December. This is very consistent with that, and I hope it gets at least as much support as that bill did in December. There are a few differences. We are further into the fiscal year, so the com-mittee was able to fund some addi-tional priorities that were in the House-passed authorization bill that we were not able to put in the con-ference report. I just think it is impor-tant for all of us to remember, Mr. Speaker, that the only answer to some of the readiness problems we are facing is modernization. We have had testi-mony that it takes twice as long to maintain an old F–18 aircraft, for ex-ample, as it does a new one. Well, this bill has some additional F–18s, and that is good for the pilots, good for the serv-ices that receive them. It also frees up maintenance to work on other things. Finally, it is important also to re-member that this bill is just a first step in repairing and rebuilding the military. I am afraid all of us have un-derestimated the deep damage that has been done through sequestration, budg-et cuts, and a high tempo of oper-ations. Just yesterday, I was out at Fort Campbell to see some of this and hear about some of this firsthand from the Army. This is an important essential first step, but shortly we should receive a supplemental appropriation to do more of the work of repair, and then we need to move toward an FY18 bill that real-ly begins the rebuilding that, I think, on a bipartisan basis, most all of us in this Chamber would support. Remem-ber, Mr. Speaker, the first job of the Federal Government is to defend the country. This is an important first step to help us fulfill that responsibility. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), who is a member of the Subcommittee on Defense. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Department of De-fense Appropriations Act of 2017. Last year, I was unable to vote for this leg-islation, but the bill before us today is improved, and it is one that I can sup-port. I was unable to vote for the previous bill because it included budget gim-micks that would have jeopardized a full year of funding for our troops and threatened readiness. I am very pleased to see this problem has been resolved. This bill provides the funding for the remainder of the 2017 fiscal year with-out breaking the budget caps. It also includes a much-needed pay raise for our servicemembers and ensures that they will have the equipment that they need to complete their missions and come home. What is disappointing is that we are voting on this legislation today, half-way through the fiscal year. This work should have been finished months ago. Instead, a stalled appropriations proc-ess has left the Defense Department and our troops operating under a dam-aging continuing resolution. Right now it doesn’t appear that the FY18 process will go any smoother. President Trump’s proposed $54 bil-lion increase for defense will come at the expense of essential domestic pro-grams that our servicemen and -women and their families depend upon: edu-cation for their children, quality healthcare for their families, safe roads to drive on, protection of our clean air and drinking water. The list goes on and on. Mr. Speaker, I am voting for this bill today, but I want to make it clear that I am very concerned about President Trump’s proposed cuts that would pit our national security against the do-mestic needs of all Americans. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OG-
ERS), my predecessor. He is a member of the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations and a chairman in his own right. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the chairman on his assumption of the chairmanship of the full committee and for putting this bill together when he chaired the Subcommittee on Defense. This bill certainly represents the outcome of many hard choices. It prioritizes funding where our troops need it the most. It wisely invests in readiness, training, maintenance, and procurement, and ensures that our troops are prepared for the tasks before them. This bill also supports our ef-forts to defeat ISIL alongside our allies in the region as well as our continued focus on deterring Russian aggression. I am also pleased, Mr. Speaker, that this bill takes care of the troops and their families, granting them a long- awaited 2.1 percent pay raise. Time and again, our servicemembers put them-selves in harm’s way and respond to the myriad threats facing the Nation. This pay raise is one small way for us to honor their dedication and willing-ness to serve. As the threats we face continue to become more unpredictable, we must provide our troops with the tools that they need to win in uncertain times. This bill goes a long way toward re-storing the shortfalls in manpower and readiness that our military has en-dured in recent years. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me call attention again to Will Smith, who has been a clerk of this committee for 6 years and served as my chief of staff in my private office for many years be-fore. This is likely his last appropria-tions bill on the floor to help manage and put together, and so I want to say to Will and all of you in behalf of say-ing something good about Will, what a great amount of service he rendered the Nation with a true Kentucky atti-tude, which he has. Will, we owe you a lot. Thank you for your service. You have been great. We wish you Godspeed. b1600 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I would simply follow up on the chair-man’s remarks, and I also want to con-gratulate Mr. Smith on his life of serv-ice to his country. Mr. Pomerantz on our side was also mentioned. Again, both gentlemen and their service to this country are a reflection on public service, and I appreciate it very much on behalf of all of us in this Chamber. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RUP-
PERSBERGER ), who is also a member of the Defense Subcommittee. Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to support the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act. I thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for bring-ing this bill to the floor. This bill helps to close gaps in readi-ness while making investments in re-search and development. These invest-ments are critically important because I guarantee our adversaries know where we have work to do. Mr. Speaker, I represent a congres-sional district home to two Army bases, the NSA, several National Guard facilities, and dozens of our private sec-tor partners. I serve on the board of the United States Naval Academy, and I co-chair the Army Caucus. My experience tells me we are living in a world that has changed since our Armed Forces entered the Middle East 16 years ago. While our men and women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00341 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.054 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1938 March 8, 2017 
in uniform fought asymmetric foes, our near-peer adversaries such as Russia and China made advancements in tech-nology that threaten to degrade our military qualitative advantage. This appropriations bill ensures our troops are ready and that we have enough of them to get the job done. It fully funds the new end strength num-ber and allows for a 2.1 percent pay raise for our troops. This is the least we can do for the brave men and women who sacrifice for our country. This bill also deters Russian aggres-sion by fully funding the European Re-assurance Initiative, and makes crit-ical investments in missile defense technology. This bill is a solid start, and I en-courage all of my colleagues to support it, but there is still work to be done. Our troops should trust that elected of-ficials will support them and do their job to fund the government, just as we trust them to accomplish the mission assigned to them. Band-Aid budgets are bad for everyone—our partners in in-dustry, the American taxpayers, and especially our Armed Forces. Now is not the time to argue over partisan issues. Congress should create a frontline of support for our Armed Forces that is just as strong as the frontline our soldiers have created to protect us. I call on all of my colleagues to work in a bipartisan fashion to pass this and the other FY17 appropriation bills as quickly as possible. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that we are here hoping to end the continuing resolution on the Department of Defense, and I rise in support of the bill we are debating today. We all know too well that continuing resolutions are unacceptable burdens on the least and the greatest of our DOD assets, our Members, and civilians at a time of unprecedented threats to our Nation. I thank Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN and Chairwoman G RANGER for bringing this bill to the floor and for their unwavering commitment to the men and women in uniform, which will continue under their leadership in the future. I also thank this committee for fully funding an increase of Active, Guard, and Reserve soldiers. I am also co-chair of the Army Caucus, and providing them with the modern equipment and training necessary to keep them alive and the greatest fighting force on Earth is very important to the defense of our Nation. We have more that we need to con-sider. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Army Vice Chief of Staff Daniel Allyn recently told the House Armed Services Com-mittee that our Army requires mod-ernization equipment to win decisively, but today we are outraged, outgunned, and outdated. At the present time, he says that only three of the Army’s 58 brigade combat teams are ready to fight. It is crucial, and I urge my col-leagues to support this appropriations bill and fully fund our armed services. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who is a member of the full Appropriations Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Mr. V
ISCLOSKY for yielding. I also thank him for his tremendous leadership as our ranking member, and giving us all an opportunity to really voice our opinions and put our points of view forward in a very fair way. I rise in opposition to this bill, how-ever. I offered two amendments to this bill, the fiscal year 2017 Defense Appro-priations bill, and I am really dis-appointed to once again see that my amendments were not made in order. I want to explain these two amendments because this is the only chance that we will have to talk about this. The first amendment, which I have offered several times on a bipartisan basis, would prohibit the funding for the 2001 Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force, the AUMF, beginning on September 30, 2017. And mind you, that 6-month window provides Congress ample opportunity to draft and debate a new AUMF and to vote it up or down. Clearly, Congress is required to act. This amendment would require Con-gress to finally debate and vote on nearly a 3-year-long war that is raging in the Middle East, a war that has al-ready claimed the lives of several brave servicemembers. The House simply cannot continue to abdicate its con-stitutional responsibility to give the American people a voice in matters of war and peace. I offered another amendment, which would prohibit funding for United States combat troops in Syria. Mr. Speaker, this amendment was really simple, but, once again, I am sad to say that it was not made in order. This amendment would use the power of the purse to prevent funding for combat operations in Syria, unless the purpose is to rescue or protect mem-bers of the Armed Forces from danger. We can all agree that ISIL must be degraded and dismantled, but Congress continues to be missing in action from this debate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. LEE. We know that the 2001 au-thorization was specific to 9/11. And I voted against it because I knew it would be broadly interpreted, which it has been. Sadly, it is a blank check for war. Actually, the Congressional Re-search Service provided us a declas-sified report saying—and this was last year—it had been used over 35 times. Nothing related to 9/11. So this blank check needs to be repealed. We also know that ISIL didn’t even exist in 2001. Every day, more bombs fall and the battlefield expands. We have already spent billions of dollars against this unauthorized war. Congress needs to show up for work, muster its courage, exercise its con-stitutional responsibility for debate, and vote on the ongoing war in Iraq and Syria. We owe nothing less to our brave men and women who are in harm’s way. It is past time to force a debate and vote on this issue. Hope-fully, one day we will make these amendments in order and, hopefully, we will have bipartisan support to just move forward and do our job as Mem-bers of Congress, which is what the Constitution requires. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- B
ALART ), and thank him for his service on the Defense Appropriations Com-mittee. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill. I want to first start by commending the chairman of the full committee and the former chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , for his unwavering commitment to the men and women in uniform, and also for bringing this great bill forward. I also want to recognize the good work and leadership of the new sub-committee chairwoman, that titanium Texan, Ms. G
RANGER . Mr. Speaker, I have to also mention the ranking members, Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , because this, frankly, is a partnership in allowing this bill to come forward. Mr. Speaker, with this bill, Congress fulfills what I believe is an essential part of what we are here to do and what government’s essential role is—to provide for the common defense. This bill is essential for the men and women who serve our Nation with dis-tinction in the military. This bill funds a 2.1 percent pay raise for the military, something that they so deserve. It also targets resources for the health care for our servicemembers and their family members. Throughout the year—and you have already heard it—we have heard testi-mony time and time again from our service chiefs about the necessity to address our military’s alarming readi-ness shortfalls. This bill, Mr. Speaker, addresses the readiness problems that are making it more and more difficult for our troops. We devote resources to prepare our troops both for combat and peacetime missions, including flight time and training, to ensure that we maintain our military superiority. Lastly, this bill provides the nec-essary essential equipment, weapon systems, and platforms needed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00342 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.056 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1939 March 8, 2017 
maintain and sustain our essential military superiority, whether it is in the air, in the sea, or on the ground. Mr. Speaker, I would just end with what I mentioned before: I believe the principal job of the Federal Govern-ment is to defend and protect our coun-try. The Defense Appropriations bill before us does just that, and it deserves all of our support. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), a member of the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY very much. Mr. Speaker, every year, our top re-sponsibility as appropriators is to fin-ish the 12 spending bills that keep our government running by October 1 of the year before that fiscal year is sup-posed to start. But here we are today, March 8, halfway into fiscal year 2017, finally voting on a compromise bill that closely reflects the request the last administration delivered to us 1 year ago February. Our service chiefs and Secretaries present a consistent, clear message to Congress. They have pleaded for sta-bility and predictability in the budget so they could ensure complete readi-ness of America’s forces. Force readi-ness remains the defense community’s top priority. Funding the capabilities to provide this responsibility must re-main our top priority. We must ap-proach Congress’ appropriations re-sponsibility from the historic bipar-tisan process that has broken down once too many times in recent years. This political infighting harms the stability and predictability necessary for our Armed Forces to properly plan. It left both our adversaries and allies questioning our ability to defend or support the multiple conflicts we are currently engaged with abroad. This compromise worked out by our responsible colleagues, Chairwoman G
RANGER , Chairman F RELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY , Ranking Member L
OWEY ; and their Senate coun-terparts are strong glimmers of hope that we might actually finish the 2017 appropriations responsibilities. But we have ten additional subcommittee bills that are equally important and ac-count for nearly half of our budget. When will we vote on those com-promised bills? I could think of little that would be more irresponsible than to only move this defense bill and leave the remain-ing departments and agencies oper-ating under a continuing resolution. I have always supported our troops and our national defense. However, we know the safety and well-being of the American people does not merely rely on defense funding. It is rooted in the stability of the Republic they are sworn to protect and defend. We have a responsibility there, equally impor-tant. Our financial commitments to energy independence, critical infrastructure, homeland security, funding for first re-sponders, teachers, and healthcare pro-grams are equally necessary to in-crease America’s security at home and abroad. I hope my colleagues alleviate this concern and quickly package the remaining bills for a vote, as the Amer-ican people so richly deserve. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), and I thank him for his great contributions to the Defense Sub-committee on Appropriations. b1615 Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I con-sider it one of the great honors in Con-gress to serve on the Defense Appro-priations Committee with some real champions for national security: guys like R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , the over-all chairman; Chairwoman K
AY G
RANGER from the Defense Sub-committee; my friend P
ETEVISCLOSKY , the ranking member. These are all peo-ple that have a heart and a soul for what we are trying to do here today, and that is to provide for the common defense. It is our constitutional duty. And guys like M
ACTHORNBERRY , the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. A lot of champions here that believe in a strong national de-fense. Mr. Speaker, not only does this bill rebuild readiness by giving our troops the equipment they need, but it also reverses Obama-era cuts to the devel-oping defense platforms, stops troop drawdowns, and perhaps most impor-tantly, gives our warfighters a much- deserved pay raise. As a 30-year veteran of the Arkansas Army National Guard, I am particu-larly pleased that this bill provides the funding necessary to ensure the Na-tional Guard remains a fully oper-ational force. It is a good bill, Mr. Speaker, and with a willing partner in the White House and a pledge to rebuild our mili-tary, it marks the first step, an impor-tant first step our Congress has to take to complete our business from last year; and it gives our defenders what they need and deserve, and that is cer-tainty. Threats are growing. America must project strength. That starts with cre-ating a military so strong that we never send our men and women downrange in a fair fight. I call on my colleagues to stand strong against our enemies. Take this first step today in projecting power with our financial commitment. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY), a new member of the Defense Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the leadership of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN at the full committee and Chairwoman GRANGER at the De-fense Subcommittee on this bill. Providing for the common defense of our Nation is one of the most funda-mental duties of Congress under the Constitution. Last week I appreciated the message that President Trump delivered in his joint session address, and I was par-ticularly encouraged by his call to properly fund our military. For the last 6 years, we have been in almost constant tension with an administra-tion whose sequestration policy threat-ened to hollow out our military. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the De-fense Appropriations Subcommittee, I stand ready to work with the President and Secretary Mattis to make sure our military is properly funded, well equipped, and ready for the fight. That is why I am so proud to support this Defense Appropriations bill. Our bill rejects the Obama adminis-tration’s proposed troop level reduc-tions that would have amounted to as many as 36,000 servicemen and -women cut from the ranks. Instead, our bill provides funding for an additional 1,000 Active-Duty Army soldiers, 1,000 Army National Guard soldiers, 1,000 Army Reserve soldiers, and 1,000 Active-Duty marines. The bill also fully funds a much-deserved 2.1 percent pay raise for military personnel. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent a district that is home to both Fort Rucker, the home of Army aviation, and Maxwell-Gunter Air Force Base, the intellectual center of the Air Force. I am pleased to report that this bill contains a strong budget for Army aviation, including $187 million for the 28 Lakota helicopters, which are the primary aircraft used for training at Fort Rucker. It also contains an increase of almost $450 million for the Air Force’s cyber-security efforts. Maxwell’s Air Force Cyber College at Air University plays a key part in cybersecurity, serving as an intellectual hub for the Air Force in the emerging battlefield for cyber war-fare. This appropriations bill also contains funding for the procurement of 74 F–35 Joint Strike Fighters. The Mont-gomery-based 187th Fighter Wing is on the short list for being assigned this next generation fighter jet, and our Alabama congressional delegation is working together to make the case to the Air Force why this special unit is an ideal fit. Mr. Speaker, I take our responsi-bility to craft sound military spending plans very seriously. I am pleased the House is moving the fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations bill this week, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). He is a great member of the full committee. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00343 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.057 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1940 March 8, 2017 
Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN for the out-standing work and effort that he has put into this critically important piece of legislation, and I thank Chairwoman G
RANGER for her strong support in ad-vancing this much-needed legislation. The people before me have talked so eloquently about our responsibility as Members of Congress to defend and pro-tect our Nation. We have talked about national security. We have talked about troops. We have talked about battling terrorism. And that is what this bill does. I want to take a slightly different ap-proach and say something about what this bill does in all of our communities, not just distant lands around the world, but in our home communities. I want to highlight one area that will make a real difference in all of our communities, and that is the National Guard’s Counterdrug Program. This program is essential in detect-ing, disrupting, and curtailing drug trafficking. It provides resources to al-most every State and territory to help train personnel and run counterdrug missions. The National Guard supports almost 60,000 requests a year for assist-ance from local law enforcement agen-cies. In fiscal year 2014, National Guard counterdrug programs took almost $12 billion in illegal drugs off the street. This minor investment is paying major dividends. During NDAA consideration, I helped secure an amendment to in-crease funding for this account by $30 million because this program works. This legislation under consideration today also increases funding for this vital program by $135 million more than the amount requested by then- President Obama. This is a critical mo-ment in combating the drug crisis, and we must fully fund every program that will help us solve it. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ), a great member of the full committee. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for the time. I rise today in strong support of the fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations bill. I have long said that the number one constitutional responsibility of this body is the common defense of this Nation, and today, the Appropriations Committee, under the leadership of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , has once again shown the importance that we place on this most sacred duty. After years of weak budget requests from our prior administration, this bill contains over $5.2 billion over the 2016 level and $1.5 billion more than the Obama administration’s request. Included in this appropriations bill is the funding of 10 new ships for our Navy, including an LPD, essential to our Marine Corps mission, as well as 3 destroyers, 2 Virginia class sub-marines, 3 LCSs, and an LHA, all ships desperately needed by our Navy and Marine Corps. Funding these ships steadily is not only a key to keeping our military strong, but also keeps our industrial base healthy and keeps these ships af-fordable in the long run. Finally, this appropriations bill takes the first steps toward rebuilding our military, showing our allies that they can trust us, and showing our en-emies they should fear us. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his work and his staff’s work on this fine bill, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I will end where I began, and that is because I think this will be the last time that the chair and I manage a De-fense Appropriations bill together on the floor. It has been a delightful rela-tionship, and I look forward to it con-tinuing as you are chairman of the full committee. Again, I thank the staff and look for-ward to working with Chairwoman GRANGER , and I also ask my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the FY2017 Defense Appropriations bill. I commend Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member L
OWEY , our new Chair-woman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank our dedicated professional staff who have tirelessly worked on this agree-ment. I have served on the House Defense Appro-priations Subcommittee for many years and providing for our men and women in uniform is a privilege and an honor. This bill provides vital funding for our Armed Services, including a 2.1 percent pay raise and additional funding for increased end strength. As many of us have noted, our military is in a precarious position, and this bill is an impor-tant first step to rebuild and restore our mili-tary strength. It provides funding for necessary shipbuilding; aircraft and vehicle procurement; and important research and development to maintain our technological superiority. The bill also provides vital Operations and Mainte-nance funding for facility sustainment, restora-tion, and modernization programs. I look forward to working with the new Ad-ministration and providing the resources our military needs to maintain our position in the world as well as continue to invest in our most important asset—the men and women our United States Armed Forces. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 174, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Pursuant to clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-ther proceedings on this question are postponed. f 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, par-liamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, can the Chair tell me when the Congressional Budget Office will score the Republican ACA replacement bill? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has not stated a parliamentary inquiry. Members are reminded to refrain from wearing communicative badges while under recognition. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I apolo-gize for that. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 114, noes 290, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 135] AYES—114 
Adams Amodei Barraga´n Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro Demings Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Lawrence Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Neal Norcross Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Raskin Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott, David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00344 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.059 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1941 March 8, 2017 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—290 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) DeFazio DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Esty Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—25 
Barletta Bass Cleaver Collins (GA) Costa Davis, Rodney Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Gosar Grijalva Heck Jenkins (KS) Larsen (WA) Lawson (FL) Pocan Quigley Richmond Ruppersberger Russell Smith (WA) Titus Wagner Welch Young (AK) 
b1656 Mr. FARENTHOLD, Ms. TENNEY, Messrs. HUIZENGA, POLIQUIN, D
ESANTIS, and Mrs. BLACK changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. CLYBURN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to adjourn was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the pas-sage of the bill (H.R. 1301) making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 371, nays 48, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 136] YEAS—371 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Cicilline Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—48 
Amash Blumenauer Capuano Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Conyers Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Duncan (TN) Ellison Espaillat Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Huffman Jayapal Jones Kennedy Lee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00345 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.026 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1942 March 8, 2017 
Lewis (GA) Lofgren Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie McGovern Moore Napolitano Pallone Panetta Pocan Polis Raskin Rohrabacher Rush Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bass Cleaver Deutch Jenkins (KS) Kaptur Khanna Lynch Richmond Titus Vela 
b1719 Messrs. RUSH and DANNY DAVIS of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. M
CCOLLUM, Mr. RUIZ, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, and Mr. COFFMAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on Roll Call No. 134, ‘‘Nay’’ on Roll Call No. 135, and ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call No. 136. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 720, LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUC-TION ACT OF 2017, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 985, FAIRNESS IN CLASS AC-TION LITIGATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–29) on the resolution (H. Res. 180) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 720) to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 985) to amend the procedures used in Federal court class actions and multidistrict litigation proceedings to assure fairer, more efficient outcomes for claimants and defendants, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 132, as the gen-tleman from Florida just mentioned, would allow a title transfer of two Fed-eral buildings to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District in south-central Oklahoma. These are buildings that were part of the Arbuckle Project, which is a water project authorized by Congress back in 1962 to provide flood control, recreational opportunities, and municipal water supply. Nearly all the facilities within this project were already transferred to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District in 2012, after the district finish repay-ing what it owed to the Federal Gov-ernment for construction. However, due to some overly narrow language in the legislation authorizing this project, two buildings have yet to be trans-ferred. Transferring them will save tax-payers money that would otherwise be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00346 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.027 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1943 March 8, 2017 
needed to operate and maintain these buildings. It will also relieve the Fed-eral Government of any potential fu-ture liability associated with these buildings. It is a straightforward bill that should be quickly passed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE). Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend for yielding. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I had no idea there was such interest in the Arbuckle watershed, but I am flat-tered and pleased that all of you are here for this important legislation. I rise in support H.R. 132, the Ar-buckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act. This bill is straightforward. As has been mentioned, it is a land convey-ance which has both Federal and local support. I would like to remind my colleagues this legislation was passed in the 114th Congress on December 7, 2016, by a vote of 412–1. Clearly, it was so good, every-body wanted it back again. H.R. 132 would authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain lands and buildings of the Arbuckle Project in Murray County, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District. In 1962, Congress authorized the pay-ment of reimbursable costs for con-struction, operation, and maintenance of the Bureau of Reclamation’s Ar-buckle Master Conservancy District in south-central Oklahoma. The district completed repayment of the capital costs of the project in September of 2012. In accordance with the Bureau of Reclamation’s policy framework for title transfer, in December 2014, the Bureau of Reclamation and the district executed an agreement to transfer, in fee title, certain facilities that could be more effectively and efficiently managed at the local level. The title transfer involves approxi-mately 2.83 acres of land. On this land is a small house, associated structures, and the conservancy district’s head-quarters office building. The house and property are used to accommodate a district employee who maintains and inspects the dam and the pumping fa-cilities. The headquarters office build-ing is the base of operation for the dis-trict. This bill also divests the Federal Government of its responsibility and li-ability associated with the district’s facilities. Reclamation and the district have worked cooperatively and suc-cessfully to address all of the elements necessary to bring this legislation for-ward and make this transfer proceed as smoothly as possible. I am pleased this bill is an agreement in which both the Federal and local in-terests are satisfied. I want to urge all of my colleagues to support this legis-lation once again. I want to again thank the chairman for his help in expediting this matter. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Maryland will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, is it con-sistent with the rules of the House of Representatives for the Committee on Ways and Means and the Energy and Commerce Committee to be consid-ering the American Health Care Act without a CBO score that would permit us to know how much this legislation will cost? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is asking the Chair a hypo-thetical question that is not pertinent to the business currently before the House. Mr. RASKIN. Well, I didn’t think it was hypothetical. I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman first yield back the time he was yielded for debate? Mr. RASKIN. Yes, I will. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 314, nays 98, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 137] YEAS—314 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—98 
Aguilar Allen Amash Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Correa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Deutch Ellison Esty Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gohmert Gottheimer Green, Al Holding Huffman Jordan Kaptur Keating Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lipinski Lofgren Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean McCollum McSally Messer Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00347 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR7.066 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1944 March 8, 2017 
Noem Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Panetta Payne Perlmutter Peters Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Ratcliffe Rokita Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Shea-Porter Sherman Simpson Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Woodall NOT VOTING—17 
Bass Calvert Castor (FL) Cleaver Conyers Duffy Green, Gene Himes Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Loebsack Pelosi Sessions Smith (TX) Titus Wagner Young (AK) 
b1745 Mr. DEUTCH changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to adjourn was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 46 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 9, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and fourth quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, BRIAN P. MONAHAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN DEC. 17 AND DEC. 23, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Brian P. Monahan ................................................... 12 /17 12 /23 South Korea ................................... ....... .................... 703.04 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 703.04 ............. ................. Japan .................................................... .................... 926.06 ............. ....... (3) .................... .................... .................... 926.06 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,629.10 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 1,629.10 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. BRIAN P. MONAHAN, Feb. 14, 2017. 
(AMENDED) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED B ETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to South Korea, Japan, June 4–9, 2016: David Giachetti ............................................... 6 /5 6 /6 South Korea .......................................... .. .................. 366.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 36 6.00 6 /8 6 /9 Japan .................................................... .................... 398.58 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 398.58 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,401.95 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,401.95 Craig Greene ................................................... 6 /5 6 /6 South Korea .......................................... . ................... 366.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3 66.00 6 /8 6 /9 Japan .................................................... .................... 398.58 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 398.58 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,401.95 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,401.95 Alison Lynn ..................................................... 6 /5 6 /6 South Korea .......................................... .................... 366.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 366.00 6 /8 6 /9 Japan .................................................... .................... 398.58 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 398.58 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,401.95 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,401.95 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. South Korea ............................ .............. .................... .................... .................... 653.03 .................... .................... ...... .............. 653.03 
Committee total ............................ ............. ................. ...................................................... ......... .................... 2,293.74 .................... 43,858.88 .................... 0.00 .................... 46,152.62 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, ll 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to Colombia, October 1–3, 2016: Hon. Ruben Gallego ........................................ 10 /1 10 /3 Colombia ............................................... .. .................. 764.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 76 4.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,515.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,515.56 Travel to Argentina, Columbia, October 2–8, 2016: Catherine Sendak ........................................... 10 /3 10 /4 Argentina .............................................. . ................... 568.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 5 68.61 10 /4 10 /7 Colombia ............................................... .................... 884.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 884.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 7,458.36 .................... .................... ....... ............. 7,458.36 Mark Morehouse ............................................. 10 /3 10 /4 Argentina .............................................. . ................... 568.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 5 68.61 10 /4 10 /7 Colombia ............................................... .................... 884.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 884.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 7,458.36 .................... .................... ....... ............. 7,458.36 Katherine Quinn .............................................. 10 /3 10 /4 Argentina ............................................. . .................... 568.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 568.61 10 /4 10 /7 Colombia ............................................... .................... 884.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 884.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 7,458.36 .................... .................... ....... ............. 7,458.36 Delegation expenses .............................. ............. ................. Colombia ........................................ ....... .................... 463.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 463.00 Travel to Italy, Poland, Germany, Latvia, October 9–14, 2016: Jeanette James ............................................... 10 /9 10 /12 Italy ................................................ ....... .................... 828.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 828.00 10 /13 10 /14 Latvia .................................................... .................... 129.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 129.00 10 /14 10 /14 Germany ................................................ .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 13,694.06 .................... .................... ...... .............. 13,694.06 Daniel Sennott ................................................ 10 /9 10 /12 Italy ............................................... ........ .................... 828.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 828.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 11,582.76 .................... .................... ...... .............. 11,582.76 Alison Lynn ..................................................... 10 /9 10 /12 Italy ............................................. .......... .................... 828.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 828.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 11,582.76 .................... .................... ...... .............. 11,582.76 Craig Greene ................................................... 10 /9 10 /12 Italy .............................................. ......... .................... 828.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 828.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 11,582.76 .................... .................... ...... .............. 11,582.76 Travel to Canada, October 11–12, 2016: Margaret Dean ................................................ 10 /11 10 /12 Canada .............................................. ... .................... 312.84 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 312.84 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... 1,864.09 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,864.09 Andrew Warren ............................................... 10 /11 10 /12 Canada ............................................... .. .................... 312.84 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 312.84 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00348 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.030 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1945 March 8, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... 1,712.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,712.32 Vickie Plunkett ................................................ 10 /11 10 /12 Canada ............................................ ..... .................... 312.84 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 312.84 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... 1,715.74 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,715.74 Travel to United Kingdom, October 11–14, 2016: Catherine Sendak ........................................... 10 /12 10 /14 United Kingdom .................................... .... ................ 829.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 829. 50 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 910.86 .................... .................... ......... ........... 910.86 Mark Morehouse ............................................. 10 /12 10 /14 United Kingdom .................................... .... ................ 829.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 829. 50 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 910.86 .................... .................... ......... ........... 910.86 Claude Chafin ................................................ 10 /12 10 /14 United Kingdom .................................... .. .................. 829.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 82 9.50 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 910.86 .................... .................... ......... ........... 910.86 Jack Schuler ................................................... 10 /12 10 /14 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 829.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 829.50 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 910.86 .................... .................... ......... ........... 910.86 Delegation expenses ....................................... 10 /12 10 /14 United Kingdom .................................... ..... ............... .................... .................... 44.03 .................... .................... .................... 44.03 Travel to Egypt, Iraq, Israel, October 15–23, 2016, With CODEL Conaway: Hon. Gwen Graham ........................................ 10 /16 10 /18 Egypt .................................................... . .................... 568.98 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 568.98 10 /18 10 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 787.09 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 787.09 10 /19 10 /23 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,934.00 .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... .................... 1,934.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,344.49 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,344.49 Daniel Sennott ................................................ 10 /16 10 /18 Egypt .............................................. ....... .................... 568.98 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 568.98 10 /18 10 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 787.09 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 787.09 10 /19 10 /23 Israel ..................................................... .................... 1,934.00 .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... .................... 1,934.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,344.49 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,344.49 Travel to the Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Octo-ber 19–28, 2016: Alexander Gallo ............................................... 10 /20 10 /23 Vietnam ............................................ .... .................... 748.08 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 748.08 10 /23 10 /27 The Philippines ..................................... .................... 833.17 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 833.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 16,595.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 16,595.56 Craig Greene ................................................... 10 /20 10 /23 Vietnam ........................................... ..... .................... 748.08 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 748.08 10 /23 10 /27 The Philippines ..................................... .................... 833.17 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 833.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 13,146.06 .................... .................... ...... .............. 13,146.06 Brian Garrett .................................................. 10 /20 10 /23 Vietnam ........................................... ..... .................... 748.08 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 748.08 10 /23 10 /27 The Philippines ..................................... .................... 833.17 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 833.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 13,146.06 .................... .................... ...... .............. 13,146.06 Katherine Quinn .............................................. 10 /20 10 /23 Vietnam ............................................. ... .................... 748.08 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 748.08 10 /23 10 /27 The Philippines ..................................... .................... 833.17 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 833.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 16,595.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 16,595.56 Travel to Germany, Slovakia, Slovenia, Hungary, Croatia, October 21–30, 2016, With STAFFDEL Goffus: Catherine Sendak ........................................... 10 /22 10 /22 Germany ............................................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 10 /22 10 /24 Slovakia ................................................ .................... 293.87 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 293.87 10 /24 10 /25 Hungary ................................................ .................... 234.41 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 234.41 
10 /25 10 /26 Croatia .................................................. .................... 637.36 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 637.36 10 /26 10 /27 Slovenia ................................................ .................... 304.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 304.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 11,575.66 .................... .................... ...... .............. 11,575.66 William Spencer Johnson ................................ 10 /22 10 /22 Germany ................................................ ... ................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 10 /22 10 /24 Slovakia ................................................ .................... 293.87 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 293.87 10 /24 10 /25 Hungary ................................................ .................... 234.41 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 234.41 10 /25 10 /26 Croatia .................................................. .................... 637.36 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 637.36 10 /26 10 /27 Slovenia ................................................ .................... 304.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 304.00 Commrcial transportation .............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 11,575.66 .................... ................. ... .................... 11,575.66 Travel to Belgium, Germany, October 24–28, 2016: Andrew Walter ................................................ 10 /25 10 /25 Belgium ............................................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 10 /25 10 /28 Germany ................................................ .................... 207.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 207.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,744.16 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,744.16 Leonor Tomero ................................................ 10 /25 10 /25 Belgium ............................................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 10 /25 10 /28 Germany ................................................ .................... 207.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 207.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,744.16 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,744.16 Travel to Republic of Korea, October 23–29, 2016: Kevin Gates .................................................... 10 /24 10 /29 Republic of Korea ................................. .................... 1,470.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 1,470.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 15,034.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 15,034.56 Lindsay Kavanaugh ........................................ 10 /24 10 /29 Republic of Korea ................................. ...... .............. 1,770.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,77 0.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,114.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,114.56 Delegaton expenses ........................................ ............. ................. Republic of Korea ...................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 488.10 .................... 177.75 .................... 66 5.85 Travel to Japan, October 30–31, 2016: Hon. Mac Thornberry ...................................... 10 /30 10 /31 Japan ................................................... . .................... 480.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 480.00 Robert L. Simmons, II .................................... 10 /30 10 /31 Japan ................................................... . .................... 480.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 480.00 Travel to Australia, Indonesia, the Philippines, No-vember 1–11, 2016: Kari Bingen Tytler ........................................... 11 /3 11 /5 Australia ............................................. .. .................... 287.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 287.00 11 /5 11 /6 Indonesia .............................................. .................... 104.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 104.00 11 /6 11 /9 The Philippines ..................................... .................... 348.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 348.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 35,766.79 .................... .................... ...... .............. 35,766.79 Andrew Peterson ............................................. 11 /3 11 /5 Australia .............................................. . .................... 287.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 287.00 11 /5 11 /6 Indonesia .............................................. .................... 104.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 104.00 11 /6 11 /9 The Philippines ..................................... .................... 348.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 348.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 33,685.79 .................... .................... ...... .............. 33,685.79 William Spencer Johnson ................................ 11 /3 11 /5 Australia ............................................... .... ................ 287.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 287. 00 11 /5 11 /6 Indonesia .............................................. .................... 104.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 104.00 11 /6 11 /9 The Philippines ..................................... .................... 348.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 348.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 36,398.79 .................... .................... ...... .............. 36,398.79 Alexander Gallo ............................................... 11 /7 11 /9 The Philippines ..................................... . ................... 232.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 32.00 Travel to Rwanda, Kenya, Ethiopia, Djibouti, So-malia, Uganda, November 1–11, 2016: Mark Morehouse ............................................. 11 /2 11 /4 Rwanda ................................................. . ................... 588.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 5
88.00 11 /4 11 /5 Kenya .................................................... .................... 360.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 360.00 11 /5 11 /7 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 784.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 784.26 11 /7 11 /9 Kenya .................................................... .................... 700.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 700.00 11 /9 11 /11 Uganda ................................................. .................... 430.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 438.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,708.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,708.56 Paul Arcangeli ................................................ 11 /2 11 /4 Rwanda ............................................... .. .................... 588.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 588.00 11 /4 11 /5 Kenya .................................................... .................... 360.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 360.00 11 /5 11 /7 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 784.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 784.26 11 /7 11 /9 Kenya .................................................... .................... 700.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 700.00 11 /9 11 /11 Uganda ................................................. .................... 430.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 430.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,708.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,708.56 Katherine Quinn .............................................. 11 /2 11 /4 Rwanda ................................................ . .................... 588.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 588.00 11 /4 11 /5 Kenya .................................................... .................... 360.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 360.00 11 /5 11 /7 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 784.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 784.26 11 /7 11 /9 Kenya .................................................... .................... 700.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 700.00 11 /9 11 /11 Uganda ................................................. .................... 430.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 430.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 14,708.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 14,708.56 Travel to Turkey, November 22–23, 2016: Hon. Michael R. Turner .................................. 11 /22 11 /23 Turkey ................................................... .................... 265.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 265.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00349 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.031 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1946 March 8, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 8,302.66 .................... .................... ....... ............. 8,302.66 Hon. Rob Bishop ............................................. 11 /22 11 /23 Turkey ............................................... .... .................... 265.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 265.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 8,302.66 .................... .................... ....... ............. 8,302.66 Hon. Paul Cook ............................................... 11 /22 11 /23 Turkey .............................................. ..... .................... 265.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 265.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 8,302.66 .................... .................... ....... ............. 8,302.66 Travel to Italy, Romania, December 11–16, 2016: Mark Morehouse ............................................. 12 /12 12 /14 Italy ................................................. ...... .................... 658.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 658.36 12 /14 12 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 1,046.17 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,046.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 6,055.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 6,055.56 Catherine Sendak ........................................... 12 /12 12 /14 Italy ................................................. ...... .................... 658.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 658.36 12 /14 12 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 1,046.17 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,046.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 5,987.86 .................... .................... ....... ............. 5,987.86 Andrew Warren ............................................... 12 /12 12 /14 Italy ................................................ ....... .................... 658.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 658.36 12 /14 12 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 1,046.17 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,046.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 6,055.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 6,055.56 Katherine Quinn .............................................. 12 /12 12 /14 Italy ............................................... ........ .................... 658.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 658.36 12 /14 12 /16 Romania ............................................... .................... 1,046.17 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,046.17 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 6,055.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 6,055.56 Travel to the Netherlands, Belgium, December 18– 21, 2016: Andrew Walter ................................................ 12 /19 12 /19 The Netherlands ................................... .. .................. 262.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 26 2.00 12 /19 12 /21 Belgium ................................................ .................... 262.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 262.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,483.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,483.56 Catherine Sendak ........................................... 12 /19 12 /19 The Netherlands ................................... .... ................ 262.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 262. 00 12 /19 12 /21 Belgium ................................................ .................... 262.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 262.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,483.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,483.56 William Spenser Johnson ................................ 12 /19 12 /19 The Netherlands ................................... ........ ............ 262.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 262.00 12 /19 12 /21 Belgium ................................................ .................... 262.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 262.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,483.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,483.56 Leonor Tomero ................................................ 12 /19 12 /19 The Netherlands ................................... .. .................. 262.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 26 2.00 12 /19 12 /21 Belgium ................................................ .................... 262.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 262.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,483.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,483.56 Brian Greer ..................................................... 12 /19 12 /19 The Netherlands .................................. . .................... 262.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 262.00 12 /19 12 /21 Belgium ................................................ .................... 262.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 262.00 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,483.56 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,483.56 Travel to Afghanistan, Qatar, December 25–31, 2016: Hon. Mike Coffman ......................................... 12 /26 12 /28 Afghanistan .......................................... .. .................. 33.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 33. 00 12 /28 12 /29 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 322.80 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 322.80 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 8,968.86 .................... .................... ....... ............. 8,968.86 Daniel Sennott ................................................ 12 /26 12 /28 Afghanistan ........................................ .. .................... 33.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...................
. 33.00 12 /28 12 /29 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 388.65 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 9,025.96 .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,025.96 Andrew Schulman ........................................... 12 /26 12 /28 Afghanistan .......................................... .. .................. 33.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 33. 00 12 /28 12 /29 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 388.65 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 388.65 Commercial transportation .................... ............. ................. .................................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... 9,054.96 .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,054.96 Delegation expenses .............................. ............. ................. Qatar ........................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 21.06 ........... ......... ....................
Committee total ............................ ............. ................. ...................................................... ......... .................... 61,500.92 .................... 453,976.68 .................... 198.81 .................... 515,655.35  
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Jan. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT.  1 AND DEC. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve King ...................................................... 9 /30 10/6 France, Austria, & Finland .................. ... ................. 683.00 .................... 16,063.25 .................... 1,408.68 .................... 18,154.93 Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................ 10 /1 10/10 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 857.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................ 10 /1 10/10 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 857.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 Hon. Doug Collins ................................................... 10 /1 10/8 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 654.00 .................... 8,829.66 .................... 1,452.00 .................... 10,935.66 Shelley Husband ..................................................... 10 /1 10/10 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 857.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 Andrea Loving ......................................................... 10 /1 10/10 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 857.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 David Greengrass ................................................... 10 /1 10/10 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 857.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 Kathryn Rexrode ...................................................... 10 /1 10/10 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 857.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 John Manning ......................................................... 10 /1 10/10 Italy, Zambia, Mozambique, South Af- rica, & Senegal. .................... 857.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 Charlie Keller .......................................................... 10 /1 10/10 ........................................... ................... .................... 857.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,779.00 .................... 2,636.00 
Committee total ........................................ ............. .................... ....................................... ....................... .................... 8,193.00 .................... 24,892.91 .................... 17,092.68 ............... ..... 50,178.59 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Feb. 13, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2016. 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve Russell .................................................. 10 /3 10 /6 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 1,023.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,023.00 10 /6 10 /7 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 271.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 271.00 10 /7 10 /9 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 638.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 638.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,115.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,115.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00350 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.031 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1947 March 8, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2016.—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,6 73.00 .................... 2,673.00 Michael Howell ........................................................ 10 /3 10 /6 Georgia ...................................... ........... .................... 1,023.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,023.00 10 /6 10 /7 Bulgaria ................................................ .................... 271.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 271.00 10 /7 10 /9 Lithuania .............................................. .................... 638.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 638.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,213.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,213.00 Hon. Jason Chaffetz ................................................ 11 /20 11 /23 Oman .......................................... .......... .................... 179.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 179.00 11 /23 11 /24 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 408.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 408.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,091.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,091.00 Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,6 16.00 .................... 1,616.00 Hon. Steve Russell .................................................. 12 /15 12 /17 South Korea .................................. ........ .................... 1,038.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,038.00 12 /17 12 /18 Kosovo ................................................... .................... 252.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 252.00 12 /18 12 /19 Turkey ................................................... .................... 520.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 520.00 12 /19 12 /20 Germany ................................................ .................... 389.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 389.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,351.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,351.00 
Committee total ..................................... ............. ................. ............................................. .................. .................... 6,650.00 .................... 53,770.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... 64,709.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Feb. 15, 2017. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. House Resolution 111. Resolution of inquiry directing the Attorney General to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the financial practices of the President; with an amend-ment; adversely (Rept. 115–28). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 180. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 720) to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney ac-countability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 985) to amend the procedures used in Federal court class actions and multidistrict litiga-tion proceedings to assure fairer, more effi-cient outcomes for claimants and defend-ants, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–29). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO (for himself and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington): H.R. 1420. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require an air carrier to pro-vide information to the public regarding its policies for imposing baggage fees and assist-ing passengers during a widespread disrup-tion of service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. H ECK, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 1421. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of re-ceipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital toward satisfying the 3-day inpa-tient hospital stay requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Ms. CAS-
TORof Florida): H.R. 1422. A bill to amend the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 1423. A bill to reauthorize and improve the national flood insurance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 1424. A bill to clarify the status of the North Country, Ice Age, and New England National Scenic Trails as units of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri): H.R. 1425. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a lower rate of tax on a portion of pass-through business in-come, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. H
IMES): H.R. 1426. A bill to amend the Home Own-ers’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings asso-ciations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 1427. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to study the coverage gaps of the Next Generation Weather Radar of the Na-tional Weather Service and to develop a plan for improving radar coverage and hazardous weather detection and forecasting; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. HURD: H.R. 1428. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. R OKITA , and Ms. M
CSALLY ): H.R. 1429. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to provide students with annual estimates of student loan borrowing costs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. D UNN, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. G
OODLATTE ): H.R. 1430. A bill to prohibit the Environ-mental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. LUCAS (for himself, Mr. P
ETER -
SON, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. D UNN, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T IP-
TON, and Mr. G OODLATTE ): H.R. 1431. A bill to amend the Environ-mental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to pro-vide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 1432. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to repeal the suspension of eligibility for grants, loans, and work assist-ance for drug-related offenses; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 1433. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to expand preventive health care services under the TRICARE program; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00351 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.031 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1948 March 8, 2017 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. F
ERGUSON ): H.R. 1434. A bill to authorize the sale of certain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ: H.R. 1435. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to remove citizenship and immigration barriers to ac-cess the Exchanges under such Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JORDAN (for himself and Mr. M
EADOWS ): H.R. 1436. A bill to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H.R. 1437. A bill to discourage the use of payment of money as a condition of pretrial release in criminal cases, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. N
ADLER , and Mr. C LAY): H.R. 1438. A bill to end the use of body- gripping traps in the National Wildlife Ref-uge System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. POCAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. R
UIZ): H.R. 1439. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to revise its spon-sorship identification rules so as to require the disclosure of the names of significant do-nors to persons paying for or furnishing broadcast matter or origination cablecasting matter that is political matter or matter in-volving the discussion of a controversial issue of public importance; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. S ARBANES , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. E VANS , and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 1440. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to promulgate reg-ulations requiring material in the online public inspection file of a covered entity to be made available in a format that is ma-chine-readable; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 1441. A bill to amend the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to eliminate the sequestration for the revised security category under section 251 and to eliminate the section 251A reduction in discretionary appropriations and direct spending accounts within function 050 (de-fense); to the Committee on the Budget. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. O LSON , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. L
ONG, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. S HIMKUS ): H.J. Res. 86. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Pri-vacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KHANNA: H. Res. 178. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire that before any bill or joint resolution repealing or amending the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconcili-ation Act of 2010 in the House it should be made available on a public website of the House; to the Committee on Rules. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. W
ELCH ): H. Res. 179. A resolution to uphold the pro-tections of the freedom of the press; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. B ACON ): H. Res. 181. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MATSUI (for herself and Mr. PRICE of North Carolina): H. Res. 182. A resolution recognizing the contributions of AmeriCorps members and alumni to the lives of the people of the United States; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. S
OTO): H. Res. 183. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire the text of any legislation that will be marked up at a meeting for the markup of legislation by a committee to be publicly available in electronic form at least 72 hours prior to the commencement of the meeting; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 1420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 1421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 1422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, section 8, clause 3 By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 1423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 1424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 1425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 1426. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00352 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08MR7.100 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1949 March 8, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article, I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 1427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. The Con-gress shall have Power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HURD: H.R. 1428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 1429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and Clause 3 of Section 8 of Arti-cle I of the Constitution By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 1430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. LUCAS: H.R. 1431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Ms. BASS: H.R. 1432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the United States Constitution, providing—‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-tives.’’ By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 1433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 12,13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 1434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 14 and Clause 18 By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ: H.R. 1435. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. JORDAN: H.R. 1436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the Constitution of the United States; and Amendment X to the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 1437. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 1438. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 1439. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 1440. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 1441. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.J. Res. 86. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—‘‘necessary and prop-er’’ clause. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. B ACON and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 37: Mr. B
ACON and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 38: Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 60: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. B ARR, Mr. K IND, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali- fornia, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. S OTO, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 82: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 112: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 115: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 173: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 179: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 350: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 367: Mr. S
MUUCKER . H.R. 371: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 377: Mr. Y
OHOand Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 380: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri and Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 390: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 411: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 429: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 508: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 510: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 520: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 530: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 544: Mr. S
MUUCKER . H.R. 553: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, and Mr. L OUDERMILK . H.R. 611: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 613: Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. R OSS, Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 632: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash- ington, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. D ONO-
VAN. H.R. 640: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 664: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 667: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 672: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 674: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 676: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 696: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 721: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 722: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 723: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 747: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 772: Mr. P
OSEY and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 790: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 795: Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OLE, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Ms. M OORE , Mr. B OST, and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 799: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 820: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 824: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 850: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 861: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 877: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, and Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 898: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 910: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 959: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 960: Ms. R
OSEN and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 963: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 972: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 997: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1017: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1031: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 1036: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 1057: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1078: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1090: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1091: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 1092: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1094: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00353 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.003 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1950 March 8, 2017 
H.R. 1098: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . H.R. 1107: Ms. R
OSEN and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 1108: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1116: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. R OSS, Ms. T
ENNEY , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 1120: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1127: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1133: Mrs. R
OBYand Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 1136: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 1148: Mr. R
OTHFUS , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1155: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 1158: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B
LUM, and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1164: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H.R. 1181: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 1205: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 1206: Mr. V
EASEY and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 1216: Mr. E
MMER and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1219: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 1223: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1235: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. K IND, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. H OYER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 1236: Mr. R
USH, Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H.R. 1239: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1257: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 1261: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1276: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1284: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 1304: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1311: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. H OL-
LINGSWORTH , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1312: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 1326: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. K IND, and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1346: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. D
ENT, and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 1356: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1363: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1366: Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1368: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 1370: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 1391: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B UDD, and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 1413: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.J. Res. 1: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.J. Res. 2: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. C
OLE. H.J. Res. 17: Mr. P
OSEY . H.J. Res. 26: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.J. Res. 27: Mr. R
OKITA . H.J. Res. 59: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.J. Res. 71: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. E MMER . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H. Res. 28: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. S OTO, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. F OSTER . H. Res. 31: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. S
OTO, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. B ERA. H. Res. 136: Mr. H
UFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00354 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR7.010 H08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1649 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 2017 No. 40 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O Eternal God, who rules the raging of the sea, You are our guardian and friend. Place Your arms of protection and wisdom around our lawmakers, shielding them from life’s pitfalls and using them for Your glory. Lord, be their refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. May they re-joice because of Your mercies, serving You with grateful hearts. Turn the night of their distress into the morning of Your hope, causing them to wait pa-tiently for the unfolding of Your loving providence. May they feel Your ever-lasting arms beneath them and find peace in Your presence. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NKU NORSE MEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to start by taking a moment to congratulate the men’s basketball team of Northern Kentucky University for an impressive accomplishment. My home State of Kentucky is with-out a doubt known for college basket-ball, and now we have another reason to be proud. With last night’s win, the NKU Norse secured the Horizon League championship and earned a ticket to the NCAA Tournament. With their re-cent entrance into Division I play, this is the first year the Norse have been el-igible for a spot in the tournament, and their season of hard work has paid off. I would like to congratulate the team, Head Coach John Brannen, and the entire program, and I look forward to watching them continue their in-credible season. f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the passage of the Every Student Succeeds Act was one of the great triumphs of the last Congress. It represented the most significant education reform in over a decade. It heralded ‘‘the largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quarter-century,’’ as the Wall Street Journal put it, empowering parents, teachers, and schools at the expense of Washington bureaucrats. It passed the Senate with wide bipartisan support, 85 to 12; President Obama signed it into law. Yet just a few months later, his ad-ministration set to shift power back from parents and schools to the Wash-ington bureaucracy by regulation. The Obama administration’s so-called ac-countability regulation was written in direct—direct—contradiction to the law that passed Congress with over-whelming bipartisan support and is a prime example of the Executive over-reach we in Congress are working to overturn. Today, however, thanks to the Con-gressional Review Act, we have the op-portunity to move past this over-reaching regulation and empower those closest to our kids once again to ensure our schools are held to the highest standards. We will also have the opportunity to move past another Obama-era regula-tion that hurts students and those seeking to go into the teaching profes-sion. I am talking about a regulation that allows the Federal Government to insert itself into the way States choose to prepare their teachers for the class-room. States are supposed to be the leaders on core curriculum and deci-sions on how to prepare teachers to best meet the needs of their students— not Washington bureaucrats. By re-pealing this regulation, we could help restore that process. Further, this reg-ulation increases administrative bur-dens that only divert much needed re-sources and focus away from students. As the Kentucky Association of Col-leges for Teacher Education put it, vot-ing to remove the harmful teacher preparation regulation ‘‘will allow Kentucky universities and colleges to continue developing and supporting outstanding teachers who positively impact P–12 children.’’ ‘‘Teacher preparation programs have limited and shrinking resources,’’ the letter said. ‘‘[Our] members want to spend those resources on developing ex-emplary teachers rather than working on compliance regulations that have not been shown to result in better pre-pared and higher quality teachers.’’ That is from the Kentucky Associa-tion of Colleges for Teacher Education. Groups like this know firsthand that more flexibility is the key to improv-ing our schools. They know that those closest to students are best positioned to help our children succeed. They know that the one-size-fits-all edu-cation policies of the past are unsustainable for the future. So it is time to move past both of these harm-ful education regulations. In particular, I want to recognize Senator S
ASSE and Senator A LEX-
ANDER , the HELP Committee chair-man, for their leadership on these issues. They introduced legislation similar to the House-passed proposals that we will vote on this week to over-turn these unfair regulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.000 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1650 March 8, 2017 
I encourage colleagues to support both CRA resolutions so that we can continue building upon educational policies that put America’s students and educators first. 
f 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, just before the election, CNN ran an article with the following headline. This is CNN: ‘‘Is ObamaCare really afford-able?’’ Answer: ‘‘Not for the middle class.’’ It was true then, it is true now, and it will continue to get worse unless ObamaCare is repealed and replaced. In places like my home State of Ken-tucky, relief cannot come soon enough. Because of ObamaCare, premiums in Kentucky shot up by as much as 47 per-cent this year. Almost half of the coun-ties in Kentucky have only one option for insurance providers on the ObamaCare exchange. Families are los-ing their doctors and are being forced into junk plans. The list of broken promises goes on and on. I have said it before; I will say it again: The status quo is unsustainable. We cannot sit on our hands and do nothing. We must act before the mar-ket collapses. Americans have repeatedly demanded the repeal of ObamaCare, and Repub-licans are fulfilling our promise to do just that. The bill unveiled in the House this week represents an impor-tant step toward that pledge. It will bring much needed relief to families and small businesses. It will give Americans more control over their own healthcare choices. It will help sta-bilize the marketplace. And just yes-terday, Health and Human Services Secretary Dr. Tom Price sent a letter expressing the administration’s sup-port for it. Here is what he said: ‘‘These proposals offer patient-centered solutions that will provide all Ameri-cans with access to affordable, quality, healthcare,’’ he wrote. They will also ‘‘promote innovation, and offer peace of mind for those with pre-existing con-ditions,’’ he said. In the coming weeks, committees in the House will publicly debate this bill. I hope Members will take the time to consider the bill and continue to ask questions. Once we receive the bill from the House, the Senate will act because here is what we know: ObamaCare is a di-rect attack on the middle class. It will continue to get worse unless we act to repeal and replace it, and we are deter-mined to keep our promise to the American people to do just that. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. f 
TRUMPCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the House Republicans have finally un-veiled their healthcare plan after near-ly 8 years without a plan of their own. TrumpCare is finally public, and each hour that goes by brings a new set of concerns and new groups that oppose the bill, from all places along the ideo-logical spectrum. Even a growing num-ber of conservatives are expressing their distaste for the legislation. The fact of the matter is that TrumpCare is a mess. It will mean higher costs and less care for most Americans. When you look at the de-tails, you can see that TrumpCare amounts to two separate systems of healthcare in America: cheaper healthcare for the rich, more expensive healthcare for everybody else. Under TrumpCare, if you make more than $250,000 a year, you will get a huge tax break. The average is $200,000 a year, because most people are way above that $250,000. If you are in the middle class, the cost will increase by $1,500 annually, and by 2020, over $2,000 a year. Let me repeat that. If you make over $250,000, your average tax break is $200,000. If you are in the middle class, your average increase in costs is $1,500 up. What kind of plan is that? Donald Trump has talked about help-ing working America. The plan he has embraced, TrumpCare, helps the rich and hurts the average American. That is not surprising given all the other things they are doing the same way. This administration continues—and healthcare is part of that—to talk like populists but act like those helping the wealthy special interests time after time. Let me repeat that. Under TrumpCare, if you make more than $250,000, you will get a tax break on av-erage of $200,000 a year. If you are in the middle class, the cost will increase by about $1,500 annually, and after 2020, by $2,000 a year. TrumpCare is a healthcare handout for the wealthiest Americans and fake healthcare for everybody else. Under TrumpCare, if you are a member of the Trump Cabinet—stocked with billion-aires—you are going to get a tax break, but if you are 60 years old, on the cusp of retirement but still waiting because you are not yet eligible for Medicare, TrumpCare would allow insurers to charge you more simply because of your age—discrimination against the elderly, against those 50 to 65, who have worked so hard but don’t yet have Medicare. That is wrong. If you are between 55 and 64, the total cost for you will increase $5,269 a year. Let me repeat that. If you are between 55 and 64, the total cost would increase by $5,269 a year. That is only the next 2 years. By 2020, it goes up to $6,000 a year. For a working family, they can’t af-ford that. What is this all about? They said it would be better care and cost less. It is worse care and it costs more. How about this? Under TrumpCare, a wealthy insurance executive making over $500,000 a year is allowed a tax break. If you are struggling to make it into the middle class with an income of 250 percent below the poverty line, your costs are going to go up by nearly $3,000 a year, and by 2020, $4,000 a year—once again, helping the wealthy special interests, in this case insurance executives, and hurting those strug-gling, climbing the ladder to get into the middle class. If you are a working mother and you get healthcare from Planned Parent-hood, too bad, TrumpCare cuts all Fed-eral funding for Planned Parenthood for a year. I am wearing my red tie today to honor the Day Without Women. Unfor-tunately, TrumpCare is the healthcare bill that forgot about women. Women are an essential part of our workforce in America. They ought to be able to go to the doctor or provider of their choice, even if that is Planned Parent-hood. When you look at the fine print of this bill, it has jagged edges. TrumpCare shifts the costs and bur-dens from the wealthy to the poor, from the insurance executive to the middle-class family. The more Americans hear about this plan, the less they are going to like it. They were already against repeal be-fore this plan came out. Can you imag-ine what is going to happen now as they read the details? I believe the Congressional Budget Office, when they score it, will ultimately show America everything America needs to know— how this bill would likely hurt overall coverage numbers and affordability and, at the same time, explode the def-icit. You are getting worse healthcare and increasing the deficit. What kind of combination is that? No wonder the Republican leadership in the House is trying to rush through the bill even without a score. They don’t want the American people to see it. I don’t think they even want their own Members to have a chance to study it because it is a near certainty that this bill will cause millions to lose insurance as well as blow a gigantic hole in the Federal budget. In conclusion, it is reckless for Re-publicans to make Congress vote on this mess of a plan before we have those answers from CBO. Simply put, TrumpCare is a mess for the American people. We Democrats will fight it tooth and nail. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.002 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1651 March 8, 2017 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.J. Res. 58, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 58) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues. 
CALLING FOR AN INDEPENDENT , BIPARTISAN  
COMMISSION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in re-cent weeks, we have seen an aston-ishing series of revelations about Rus-sia’s efforts to influence the 2016 elec-tion in support of the Donald Trump campaign. Last week, the Washington Post reported that Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with the Russian Ambassador in July and September during the campaign. Yet, during his confirmation hearing, the Attorney General said under oath: ‘‘I did not have communications with the Rus-sians.’’ Last Thursday, the Attorney General announced he would partially recuse himself from any investigation into the Presidential campaign. I note that this was a partial recusal when it comes to investigations into Russia’s influence on President Trump and his circle of advisers and associates. The scope of the recusal is still unclear. For exam-ple, Attorney General Sessions does not even appear to believe that his own meeting with the Russian Ambassador on September 8, 2016, was related to the campaign. The scope of his recusal will need to be clarified. We also continue to learn of pre-viously undisclosed communications between the Russians and President Trump’s inner circle. For example, we learned last week that Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in-law and sen-ior adviser, had met in December with the Russian Ambassador in Trump Tower, along with the President’s Na-tional Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, who resigned on February 13. People across America are wondering when the next shoe will drop. It is becoming clear that the Presi-dent is desperate to change the head-lines from these Russian revelations— so desperate, in fact, that in a series of tweets on Saturday morning, President Trump claimed that President Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower in an act President Trump described as ‘‘McCar-thyism’’ and ‘‘Nixon/Watergate.’’ Well, President Trump’s tweets again made news but not in the way he had hoped. It quickly became clear that President Trump has no evidence to back up his claims. In fact, it appeared he got his information not from America’s law enforcement or intelligence agencies but from rightwing talk radio. On Sunday, the former Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, denied the President’s claims, and the Director of the FBI, James Comey, took an extraordinary step of calling on the Justice Department to publicly deny the President’s claims. Even Re-publicans like House Oversight Com-mittee chairman JASON CHAFFETZ and T
REY GOWDY , chairman of the Select Committee on Benghazi, said they had not seen any evidence that would sup-port what President Trump tweeted. Nonetheless, the President’s spokespeople doubled down, saying that the President does not accept the contention of the FBI Director and he stands by his tweets. Let’s be clear. President Trump is playing games with the credibility of his Presidency. Donald Trump is de-stroying the credibility of the Office of the President 140 characters at a time. If President Trump had consulted with his adviser—any credible adviser—prior to his tweets, he would have learned something that is crucial, and it is as follows: The President of the United States does not have the authority to order a wiretap. Instead, such a wire-tap can be granted upon a finding by a court that there is probable cause to believe the target has committed a crime or is an agent of a foreign power. Clearly, there are more revelations to come. The only question: How long is it going to take? How much damage will be done to the credibility of the Office of the President and America in the process? These recent events confirm yet again the need for an independent, transparent, bipartisan commission led by Americans of unimpeachable integ-rity to get to the bottom of this Rus-sian attack on the United States. Rus-sia attacked our democracy. We need to fully understand what happened. We certainly need to prevent it from hap-pening in the next election or ever again. This week, a USA TODAY/Suffolk University poll found that Americans, by a margin of 58 percent to 35 percent, believe an outside independent inves-tigation is needed into Russian in-volvement in our election. It is worthy of note that just a few weeks ago, only 30-something percent of the American people were aware of this controversy with Russia. Now over 55 percent of people want an independent investiga-tion. America is listening. We also need the Justice Department and the FBI to proceed with a credible, impartial investigation to determine if there may have been any criminal con-duct involved. Yesterday, the President’s nominee for Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee. If confirmed, Mr. Rosenstein would oversee any Justice Department investigation into the Trump administration’s Russian con-nections after Attorney General Ses-sions has partially recused himself. So I pressed Mr. Rosenstein to clarify the scope of Attorney General Sessions’ recusal commitment. I also asked, as did Senator FEINSTEIN , whether Mr. Rosenstein had read the January 6 In-telligence Community assessment into Russian election interference. I cannot explain it, but in 2 months Mr. Rosen-stein had not read this 15-page, unclas-sified report that is available on the internet. It focuses on the major issue he will face initially as Deputy Attor-ney General, and he told us he had not read it. Let me add that I respect Rod Rosen-stein. He served as U.S. attorney in Maryland, appointed first under a Re-publican President and held over under a Democratic President, and that says a lot about his professionalism as a prosecutor, his reputation, and his in-tegrity. It is hard for me to believe that he could come before a hearing, which he knew would focus on the need for a special prosecutor to look into this Russian interference, and not have been briefed to read the 15-page public report that summarizes the conclu-sions of all of America’s intelligence agencies when it comes to this Russian interference. I am sure he is an excellent lawyer who wouldn’t enter a courtroom or stand before a judge or jury without complete preparation to the best of his ability, but yesterday, time and again, he told us he didn’t take the time to read this report. I urge him to do so as quickly as possible, and when he reads it, he will see that our intelligence agencies are unequivocal in their state-ment that Vladimir Putin was setting out to elect Donald Trump and to de-feat Hillary Clinton. This is not a re-port from the Democratic National Committee; it is a report from our in-telligence agencies. And whomever Putin was trying to help, that is sec-ondary to the fact that he was hacking into the internet, disclosing materials, and trying to become a material player in our Presidential election. Mr. President, 3 weeks ago, I went to visit Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine. They are watching this carefully be-cause they have been the victims of Vladimir Putin and Russia’s attempts to interfere in their elections, and now they hear the United States has been victimized by Putin, as well. One of the scholars in Poland asked me what I thought was a very clear question, and I can’t answer. He said: If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.004 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1652 March 8, 2017 
the United States will not take the in-terference of Putin in your election se-riously, how can the people of Poland believe you will take your NATO com-mitment to protect us from Putin seri-ously? Important question. Valid ques-tion. There are exceptions on the Repub-lican side of the aisle, and I would like to point out one of them. My friend, my colleague, and the chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee of Appropriations, L
INDSEY GRAHAM of South Carolina, made an extraor-dinarily forthright statement yester-day about the need for an investigation into this Russian interference. Thank goodness he is stepping away from party loyalty and stepping up when it comes to defending this Nation. I sa-lute my Republican colleague for his leadership on this issue. It is important to step back from the daily dysfunction we have when it comes to the Russian investigation and the White House and lack of governing and remember what is really at stake. Five months ago, our intelligence services disclosed evidence that a for-eign adversary—one ruled by a dictato-rial former Communist KGB agent— was trying to help its preferred can-didate in the U.S. Presidential elec-tion. Think about that for a moment. An adversary of the United States—a country which has imprisoned millions of Europeans in the Communist system for almost half a century and which today rigs elections and silences or murders members of the media and op-position—committed what I believe is akin to a cyber act of war against America in trying to elect someone they saw as more sympathetic to their interests. Since those early reports, we have been provided with damning evidence by our intelligence agencies on the depth and sophistication of this oper-ation—so favorable to its nefarious goal that it had Russian intelligence operatives boastfully celebrating after the outcome of the election. We also know that members of Presi-dent Trump’s campaign met with those thought to be Russian intelligence; had suspiciously timed communications with the Russian Government just after the Obama administration placed sanctions on Russia; and in the case of top Trump advisers Michael Flynn and Jeff Sessions, refused to disclose those meetings, both in public and in one case to the Vice President and in an-other case to the Senate Judiciary Committee. No candidate would or at least should want help from a foreign dictator to help win political office in the United States. So in a situation like this, the response is obvious: Help in any way possible to clear suspicions and con-cerns. Go forward and serve the Amer-ican people with an investigation. It seems so obvious. Leon Panetta was on one of the Sun-day morning talk shows. Leon Panetta is a friend. I served with him in the House of Representatives. He was the Chief of Staff to the President of the United States, President Clinton. He served as Secretary of Defense. He headed up the Central Intelligence Agency. He is an extraordinarily gifted and well-thought-of person who has a record of public service that is envi-able. He was asked about what the Trump White House should do about this allegation of Russian interference in the election and the suggestion that they might have been complicit. He said: Get out in front. The President of the United States should say: I have nothing to hide, and we will fully cooperate with an inde-pendent commission to get to the bot-tom of what happened in that election. But instead, what do we have? Fan-ciful—in fact, patently false—tweets by the President, alleging a wiretap by the former President. President Trump, if he has nothing to hide, should help us clear this up once and for all. To my Republican colleagues, so many patriots and champions of Amer-ican national security, it is time for more to join Senator G
RAHAM and oth-ers to step up and speak out even on the floor of the Senate about this situ-ation. Each one of us in the Senate swore to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against enemies for-eign and domestic. Clearly, the Russian attack is a call for all of us—of both political parties—to step up. This issue is not going to go away. We are going to continue to pursue the truth. 
NOMINATION OF SEEMA VERMA AND THE  
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL  
Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak about the recently released Re-publican healthcare repeal bill and to speak on the nomination of Seema Verma to serve as Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. CMS is an agency touching the lives of 125 million people, and 34 percent of Americans receive their health insur-ance under one of the three Federal programs run by that agency—Medi-care, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. These pro-grams are vital to the health and well- being of seniors, children, persons with disabilities, and low-income families. Yet, with those vows to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, President Trump, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, and congressional Repub-licans are sadly attempting to gut the Medicaid program and to jeopardize the future of Medicare. The head of CMS should be someone who believes in these core programs and is willing to fight to preserve them. Instead, Ms. Seema Verma’s record—as well as comments she made during her confirmation hearing—indi-cates she is more than willing to take dramatic steps to force people to lose their health insurance or dramatically increase out-of-pocket costs. From her refusal to disavow efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act to her willingness to cut the Medicaid Program, I do not believe Ms. Verma is the right person for this job. When it comes to the Affordable Care Act, our constituents—Republicans, Democrats, Independents—are angry and frightened about what the Trump administration and congressional Re-publicans might do to healthcare. Based on what has finally been re-leased, they have good reason. In over 2 months, Republican leaders in Washington have taken numerous steps to change and even sabotage our healthcare system, jeopardizing pa-tient access to care and throwing the system into chaos. Before President Trump took office, congressional Republicans rammed through a budget bill, laying the groundwork for a quick, silent repeal of the Affordable Care Act, despite the fact that they had no replacement. Then, on his first day in office, the President signed an Executive order to weaken the Affordable Care Act, in-structing Federal agencies to stop doing their job under the law. The President then acted hastily to stop Federal outreach efforts—TV ads, radio spots, and emails intended to encour-age more Americans to sign up for health insurance. I watched yesterday as the Speaker of the House, PAULRYAN, said that the Affordable Care Act is collapsing. Well, I can tell you, it needs help and it should be bipartisan. Instead, the Re-publicans are doing everything they can to jeopardize it. Last week, the President met with big insurance companies to discuss what they want for healthcare. But where were the patients, the hospitals, the doctors, the nurses, the community health centers in these conversations? It is clear that congressional Repub-licans want to move full steam ahead on repealing our healthcare law. The problem has always been and still is that they can’t agree on how to move forward. They don’t have a plan to pro-tect people. Some Republicans just want to repeal. Others want to repair. Others want to rebuild. They can throw out all the ‘‘R’’ words they can find in the dictionary, but at the end of the day, they don’t know what they want to do. These disagreements are becom-ing even more obvious in the last week. For the past few months, House Re-publican leaders have been meeting se-cretly to craft a repeal bill. Well, they finally unveiled it. No wonder they wanted to keep it secret. Incidentally, this bill, which has been authored by the Republicans—a party that claims a commitment to fiscal soundness—has not been scored by the Congressional Budget Office. We don’t know, even as it is being considered by committees in the House of Represent-atives, whether it is going to add to the deficit or not. You would think that the party of fiscal integrity—the Re-publican Party—would ask that ques-tion early on. As yet, they have no an-swer, and they are proceeding full steam ahead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.006 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1653 March 8, 2017 
The bill, first, would end Medicaid as we know it, cutting $370 billion from the program and limiting care. Who are the beneficiaries of Medicaid? The larg-est group of beneficiaries are kids and mothers. The second most expensive group are seniors, many of them in nursing homes who, without Medicaid and Medicare, could not even continue in a good nursing home environment. Keep in mind that one in five Ameri-cans currently depend on Medicaid for their health insurance—65 million peo-ple nationwide. That includes 35 mil-lion children, 7 million seniors, 11 mil-lion people with disabilities. We used to say: Well, Medicaid is for poor people. Well, it certainly is for lower income Americans, but many of them are working low-income Ameri-cans who still qualify for Medicaid. My friend, who has worked in the motel-hospitality industry all of her life, in her sixties, sadly, is a part-time employee, despite her hard work. She can’t afford health insurance, but she qualifies for Medicaid. She is part of the working poor, and she is one who needs this benefit. If the Republicans have their way and reduce Medicaid coverage, she could certainly lose it. In my home State of Illinois, 650,000 people have gained healthcare coverage under Medicaid, thanks to the Afford-able Care Act. For her and others I have met, it is the first time in their life that these men and women—often in their sixties—for the first time in their life have health insurance. Of Illinois’ 18 congressional districts, not a single one has less than 71,000 Medicaid enrollees. Nearly half of all the kids in Illinois, 1.5 million chil-dren, get their healthcare through Medicaid, and the Republican repeal bill is going to endanger that. That is so obvious that yesterday the Republican Governor of Illinois, who was careful in his words and seldom re-acts, came out publicly and said that the Republican repeal bill would sig-nificantly hurt our State of Illinois. That is from a Republican Governor. Medicaid is the largest payer of long- term care for seniors in the Nation and in Illinois. It is one of our best tools, incidentally, for addressing the opioid epidemic, ensuring that those facing addiction have access to treatment. And the Republicans want to cut that. Medicaid has been a lifesaver to Illi-nois hospitals, especially in my part of the State, downstate Illinois. Repeal of the Medicaid expansion, as the House bill proposes, could result in the loss of up to 90,000 jobs in Illinois. The Republican repeal bill on healthcare is a jobs killer in Illinois and across this Nation. We will see hos-pitals cutting back on personnel in an attempt to adjust to the cutbacks in coverage and the increases in cost brought on by the Republican repeal bill. But the bill goes even further. It dra-matically restructures the entire Med-icaid Program. When talking about the plan for Medicaid, congressional Re-publicans throw around innocuous terms: per capita caps, block grants, more flexibility, modernizing. Don’t be lulled in a false sense of security by these words. This Republican healthcare repeal bill would signifi-cantly cut back on Federal spending on Medicaid, shifting the cost to States, families, and individuals who are cur-rently struggling to get by today. With less funding, States would be forced to throw people off of Medicaid, limit the types of healthcare services offered, create waiting lists, and much more. In the name of State flexibility and modernizing, it would mean that more and more people would be show-ing up in emergency rooms in Illinois and across the Nation with no health insurance coverage under the Repub-lican approach. Oh, they will get care, and it will cost. They can’t pay for it, and that cost will be shifted to others with health insurance. Unfortunately, Ms. Verma has sig-nificant experience in this exact type of healthcare rationing. In her role as a private healthcare consultant, she championed radical Medicaid over-hauls. She supports making low-in-come Medicaid beneficiaries pay more money. She believes that Medicaid beneficiaries need ‘‘more skin in the game.’’ I wonder how many Medicaid recipients Ms. Verma has actually sat down and met with. The Illinois folks whom I know are the mom working two jobs, struggling to take time off from work to take her kid to the doctor, or the senior who has literally spent down all of her life sav-ings on nursing home care and has no place else to turn. Devising plans that restrict access to care for the most vulnerable among us are not the qualifications I am looking for in the person who wants to run the agency responsible for Medicare, Med-icaid, and CHIP. Finally, on the House Republican re-peal bill, in addition to gutting Med-icaid, the bill eliminates the Preven-tion and Public Health Fund, which currently provides the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention $900 mil-lion, or 12 percent of their annual budg-et. The bill defunds Planned Parent-hood. The bill allows insurers to charge older people significantly more in pre-miums than allowed under current law. The bill, incidentally, dramatically cuts taxes for the wealthiest people in America and increases costs for mid-dle-income families. What is most tell-ing, as I mentioned earlier, is that the House Republicans won’t even send this bill or wait for a report from the Congressional Budget Office before pro-ceeding. How many people will lose their health insurance under the Republican repeal plan? How will out-of-pocket ex-penses go up for families under the Re-publican repeal plan? How much re-sponsibility and burden will be shifted to the States under the Republican re-peal plan? For now, Republicans can claim igno-rance because they have decided to move forward before there was a report from the Congressional Budget Office. Thank goodness some Republicans are speaking out against this terrible plan—maybe not for the same reasons I oppose it. But conservatives say it doesn’t rip health insurance away from more people more quickly, and mod-erates worry about Medicaid—dem-onstrating, again, the lack of a con-sensus on the Republican side when it comes to the future of healthcare. We have big challenges ahead—chal-lenges that will determine whether we have as many people in America with health insurance tomorrow as we have today and how much it will cost. I don’t believe the Republican repeal bill is the right path forward, and I don’t believe Seema Verma is the right person to stand up and fight for our Na-tion’s seniors, children, and low-in-come families. For that reason, I will be voting against her nomination to serve as Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to oppose the American Health Care Act. This bill will destroy the Af-fordable Care Act, even though the Af-fordable Care Act has given more Americans access to quality, affordable healthcare than ever before in our his-tory. It would force middle-class fami-lies to pay more money for less care. It would leave more people uninsured by a lot. It would allow insurance compa-nies to charge older Americans with what is essentially an age tax, as if our parents and grandparents don’t already pay insurance companies enough for their care. It would cause many working fami-lies to lose coverage from their em-ployers because, under this new bill, companies would no longer have to pro-vide their workers with healthcare, and without a mandate to do so, we know many of them will not. It would drastically cut Medicaid funding, which would cripple our State budgets and would leave many seniors in nursing homes and lower income New Yorkers stuck without a way to pay for the medical care they actually need to survive. This bill would also take away healthcare for millions of women, including lifesaving healthcare services like breast exams and pap smears. On top of all of this, as if to add in-sult to injury, this so-called healthcare plan would give tax breaks to health insurance CEOs who make more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.008 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1654 March 8, 2017 
$500,000 a year. How is any of this going to make people in my State or in my colleagues’ States healthier? I am struggling to understand, amid all of the problems we seem to have and all of the problems we need to solve in this Chamber, why this Con-gress seems to have a singular fixation on taking away access to healthcare from some of the most vulnerable peo-ple in our communities. I continue to be amazed by how little empathy there seems to be in this Chamber for the millions of women, older Americans, and lower income Americans who do not have the incredible resources that we have here in Congress and who des-perately need the Federal programs this bill will cut. The legislation is completely out of touch with the actual needs of the peo-ple in my State. It is driven by ide-ology, as if it is somehow the wrong thing to do to help people in our States live healthy and fulfilling lives. If someone is diagnosed with cancer and the only way he can afford to see an oncologist and have surgery is through an Affordable Care Act health plan, do you think he cares whether his insurance coverage was made possible by ObamaCare? If your parents or grandparents suffer from dementia and the only way they can afford the con-stant care and medical attention is if they sign up for Medicaid, do you think they care that Medicaid is a program that is actually run by the Federal Government? I don’t think families care about that. I think they are much more con-cerned about whether they have access to the insurance plans that actually cover their needs, that actually treat their illnesses, that actually give them the medicines they need, and that allow them to heal and get back to full strength. That is why the Affordable Care Act has done so many good things for peo-ple in our States—because access to healthcare is a human right. Now that millions more Americans finally have it, it is wrong to take it away from them. I urge my colleagues in this Chamber to think much more about the women in their lives who need access to these preventive healthcare services, to think about all of the hard-working Americans who do not earn a lot, though they work full-time jobs and cannot afford it, and to think about all of the older Americans who are really being disadvantaged through this bill so they will not be able to afford that 24/7 or nursing care they need. This bill harms all of them, and it makes their lives much harder, not easier. I implore all of my colleagues to re-ject this bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the time spent in quorum calls on H.J. Res. 58 be charged equally to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to talk about the replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act that is being considered by the House. In December, I was informed that I was going to get one of my dreams to come true in the Senate. I had asked to be on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee when I came in, in January of 2013, and I was not on the committee. I had no complaints be-cause I had other good committees, but I was told in December that, for this Congress, I would be added to the com-mittee, and I am thrilled to serve on it. When I found that I was going to be added to the committee, I knew one of the first issues we would be tackling is what to do about the Affordable Care Act. So I have started to pay visits around the State to as many stake-holders as I can, including patients, doctors, medical students, hospitals, behavioral health facilities, allied health training programs in regions all across the State, military families in Hampton Roads just last Friday, as well as patients and their families in Chesterfield County last Friday. In all of these visits, my question has been: We are going to be tackling the Afford-able Care Act; tell me what works, what doesn’t work, and what we can do better. That has been the goal. Today’s committees in the House, two committees, are considering a plan that House Republicans have put on the table and are touting as a replace-ment of the Affordable Care Act. I just want to talk about what it would mean, if passed, to Virginians and Americans. This plan will reduce the number of Americans with insurance. We dropped the uninsurance rate to a historic low, but the gains that we made would be reversed and the numbers of Americans with insurance would go down. It would raise healthcare costs, par-ticularly on seniors, which I will dis-cuss in a minute. It would dismantle the Medicaid Pro-gram at the service of tax cuts for the wealthiest. It is not an adequate replacement; in fact, it would be a dramatic retreat, and it would be a retreat that would violate promises that had been made by the President and other leaders. Republicans—and I will get into this—have made a number of promises about what a replacement would look like, but this plan falls far short of that. That is why, within 36 hours of it being put on the table, stakeholders across the spectrum, including the American Hospital Association, AARP, the American Medical Association, nurses, nursing homes, and Republican Governors have come out to either dra-matically and flatly oppose this plan or suggest significant concerns with it. The bill has yet to be scored by the Congressional Budget Office, but the House is trying to push it through com-mittee, and even through the floor, if they can, before the CBO tells the American public what this plan would cost and, every bit as importantly, what it would cost Americans in terms of the number of people who would lose their health insurance. A very poignant comment about the plan that was in the paper this morn-ing was from the Republican Governor of Nevada, Brian Sandoval, who said: We Republican Governors have talked to Congress and said please pay atten-tion to what we have to say. States bear a huge burden on these programs, especially Medicaid. He said: We gave ideas to the leadership, to the majority about the replacement, but none of our ideas are in this plan. Without a CBO score, the American public and this body are completely in the dark about how many people will lose coverage and about how this will affect the American economy. Why would we move forward? Why would we try to push a vote even in a committee, much less on the House floor, before the CBO has given us this score? We don’t serve the American public well by doing that. What does the replacement bill do? One, it ends the expansion of Medicaid that was a core component of the Af-fordable Care Act—the expansion that has been embraced by more than 30 States. Then, it takes the traditional Medicaid Program and really disman-tles it, instituting a per capita fee for enrollees, and moving it more towards a block grant program. That is the first thing it does. Second, with respect to seniors, this plan would repeal a provision in the Af-fordable Care Act that says seniors cannot be charged more than three times the premium of a young person; it would repeal that, and it will allow insurers to charge older customers five times as much as younger customers. It would also give States the ability to set even more unfavorable ratios for seniors. This will have a significant im-pact on the premium of older Ameri-cans. Third, the plan repeals the income- based subsidies, premium assistance, and cost-sharing reductions in the cur-rent Affordable Care Act and sub-stitutes less generous tax credits that will not be adjusted to average costs of plans in particular markets. So if you are a middle-income individual in a high-cost market, you are really out of luck with this plan. Let me give an example of how insur-ance would be affected in particular communities all over Virginia if the House plan were adopted. If you are 60 years old and you make $30,000 per year, under the House plan, here is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.011 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1655 March 8, 2017 
what happens. First, the cost of your insurance can be dramatically raised because you are not, at age 60 now, limited to three-to-one over a young person’s premium; they can charge you five-to-one over a young person’s pre-mium. So the premium cost, if you are a 60-year-old making 30,000 bucks, goes up significantly. Now, you get a tax credit, just as right now you get a subsidy, but the tax credit is much less generous. So the cost of your policy goes up, but here is what happens in communities all over Virginia—tax credit compared to the subsidy they currently get. In 2020, in Augusta County, VA, in the Shenandoah Valley, the tax credit you get is worth only about half of the subsidy you would get if we continued the Affordable Care Act. So the price is up, but your tax credit is less generous by half of the current subsidy. In Fairfax, your tax credit is 41 per-cent less than the subsidy; in Bedford, 51 percent less than the subsidy; in the city of Norfolk, 51 percent less; in Rockingham, 50 percent less; Pittsylvania, 49 percent less, and Pu-laski County in far Southwest Vir-ginia, 54 percent less. So if you are a senior, your costs go up, but the assistance you get in the tax credit is dramatically less generous than the assistance you currently get with the premium subsidy. The bill establishes a penalty if you don’t have continuous insurance. An insurer can charge you 30 percent more in premiums if you go 2 months or more without insurance. So if you are unemployed, you lose your insurance. If you forget to pay a premium for two months, you lose your insurance. If you have any gap of 2 months, that is an opportunity for insurers to come in and sock you with a massive penalty. The bill repeals funding to a healthcare provider of choice for mil-lions of American women: Planned Par-enthood. It is really important to be specific about this. There is not in the Federal budget a line item that says Planned Parenthood gets axed. What Federal funds go to Planned Parent-hood? Well, first, the Hyde amendment says no Federal funds can go to any or-ganization for the provision of abor-tions—Planned Parenthood or anybody else. Planned Parenthood receives Fed-eral funds because it provides healthcare to women who are eligible for Medicaid. So when Planned Parent-hood treats a woman who is Medicaid- eligible for a medical service that is el-igible for a Medicaid reimbursement, then Planned Parenthood is able to bill Medicaid just like a doctor’s office is. And Planned Parenthood is the healthcare provider of choice for mil-lions of American women to do annual checkups, pap smears, cervical cancer tests, and all kinds of basic healthcare provisions. But under this bill, Planned Parenthood will be disbarred from the Medicaid Program, even when they are providing services to Medicaid-eligible women—services that are covered by Medicaid. The one thing about this bill that I would say—if you were going to say: Well, who is a guaranteed winner in this bill because there are a lot of los-ers, and I have tried to summarize them—the guaranteed winner is that this bill overwhelmingly repeals the provisions that raise revenue. This bill is a big tax cut bill. The biggest revenue raisers in the Af-fordable Care Act were tax cuts on the wealthiest citizens. There is a tax in-crease for nonwage income by the top earners in the United States and an ad-ditional hospital insurance tax that also affected individuals of high in-come. What this bill does is cut taxes that almost exclusively benefit the wealthy, while the bill is taking away these cov-erages and provisions that protect mid-dle and lower income Americans. The tax cuts in this bill would save the top 0.1 percent of earners in the United States about an average of $195,000 a year. So if you are in the top 0.1 per-cent and this bill passes, you are going to get an average of a $195,000 tax break. Millionaires get 80 percent of the value of the high income tax cuts in the House bill, with the elimination of the hospital insurance tax on high earners and the Medicare tax on invest-ment income. In fact, a family who is going to do incredibly well under this bill is the family of our President, Don-ald Trump. As high earners, they are going to get a huge tax cut with this bill. I have to ask: Is this bill a healthcare bill or is it basically a tax cut bill? You could look at this bill as basically being that the driver of it is who bene-fits from it. It is a tax cut on the wealthy, paid for by slashing Medicaid, slashing healthcare coverage, slashing Medicare’s trust fund, slashing Planned Parenthood, taking protections like preexisting conditions that really mat-ter to people and reducing them. So I have a real question about whether this bill is a healthcare bill at all or whether, under the guise of a repeal and replace of ACA, it is a tax cut for the wealthiest, financed by slashing the healthcare safety net. Let me read to my colleagues what certain Republican leaders have said about this bill in the past. The deputy leader here in the Senate—a friend— from Texas, Senator C
ORNYN , said to Republican Governors—Governors have a lot at stake in this. I was a Governor. I know how much Governors depend on Medicaid and healthcare programs. Here is what he said on January 19, 2017: ‘‘Nobody is going to lose cov-erage.’’ No exception, no qualification. ‘‘No-body is going to lose coverage.’’ That is what he said to the Republican Gov-ernors. We were awaiting the CBO score sug-gesting potentially how many millions will lose coverage. Many people will lose coverage. That is not what was promised. But, more importantly, probably, what did the President say? When the President was campaigning as a can-didate, this is what he promised the American people: ‘‘I am going to take care of everybody. I don’t care if it costs me votes or not. Everybody’s going to be taken care of much better than they’re taken care of now.’’ That was the test that he set for him-self about an ObamaCare replace-ment—that no one would be worse off and that many would be better off. This does not meet that promise. It fails that promise. At a December press conference the majority leader, Senator MCCONNELL  said: ‘‘Surely, we can do better for the American people,’’ and ‘‘we will work expeditiously to come up with a better proposal than current law.’’ Again, the promise was, we will take where we are right now and we will make it better. Nobody will lose cov-erage; everybody will be taken care of better. We will come up with a better proposal than the current law. This is not that proposal. Turning Medicaid from a Federal guarantee to a per capita cap on spending doesn’t mean everyone is covered; it means cuts to the States that would force States to cut eligibility, reduce bene-fits or provider payments. That is why providers, like the hospital associa-tions and nursing homes, and the Re-publican Governors, like Governor Sandoval, are deeply opposed to this particular version. It is not better for the American people. Protecting people with preexisting conditions, which the current bill does, but only if they have continuous cov-erage—that is not better for the Amer-ican people because what if you lose your job or you can’t afford benefits or you have a break in coverage for two months, and then you suddenly find that you are not protected, and your preexisting condition can be used against you to bar you from insurance for the rest of your life. If you are unemployed and have a break in coverage, how do you afford a 30-percent surcharge on health insur-ance premiums like this plan proposes that insurance companies can sock you with? That is not better for the Amer-ican people. In closing, I will repeat something that 13 Democrats put into a letter to the Republican leadership in January: We want to work together to try to make healthcare better. We are willing to sit down at a table. We have ideas for how to improve not just the Afford-able Care Act but prescription drug prices under Medicare Part D, some-thing our citizens are deeply concerned about. We need to work together on af-fordability. We need to work together to make sure small businesses are able to afford coverage. We have to bring prescription drug pricing down. I know Republicans have ideas about how to do that and Democrats do too. The time is now to sit down and try to fig-ure that out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.013 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1656 March 8, 2017 
Passing a precipitous repeal, trying to rush it through before the CBO scores it—a precipitous repeal that would take health insurance away from many, that would jack costs up on sen-iors, that would punish so many Vir-ginians by reducing the subsidies they get now and replacing them with a less-generous subsidy—that will break a promise the President made. That will break a promise other leaders have made. We had a HELP Committee hearing recently where we had witnesses who had been called by Democrats and Re-publicans before us, talking about things we need to do to fix and improve the Affordable Care Act. They all agreed we needed to find improvements and fix it—all of them. Democrats, Re-publicans, Independents, they all agreed we need to find improvements. They all agreed a repeal of the Afford-able Care Act would be a catastrophe. There were four witnesses. I asked them this question: If we need to make improvements, what is the best way to do it? Should we do it fast, carelessly, and secretly or should we do it slowly, deliberately, and publicly trans-parently? They all said: Of course, there is only one answer to that question. We are talking about people’s health. We should do it deliberately, carefully, and transparently, rather than fast, care-lessly, and secretly. We are proceeding right now in the fast, careless, and secret mode. This particular plan comically was locked in a room and nobody was able to see it last week. One of our Senate colleagues went over and tried to get in to see what was in the plan—a Republican colleague, the Senator from Kentucky. Now that the plan is out in the light of day, I think we can see why they were hiding it—because it has so many ele-ments that are frightening so many people. We can get this right. We can get this right by sitting down and having a dis-cussion about what I have been talking to my constituents about: in the healthcare system right now, what works, what doesn’t work, and what we should change. If we bring constituents around the table—individuals, hos-pitals, insurance companies, pharma-ceutical companies, businesses that are trying to buy insurance, doctors and nurses—if we get people around the table, they will break us out of the ‘‘them versus our’’ thing. We listen to them. We ask them those questions— what works, what doesn’t, what can be fixed. We will find a path to meet the promise the President made, to meet the promise Senator C
ORNYN made, which is not make anything worse but taking the system as it is right now and making it better. We will only do that if we engage in a dialogue rather than trying to rush. That is what I en-courage my colleagues to do. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. EARMARKS  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, within a matter of days, our national debt will top $20 trillion, notching another omi-nous milestone in our Nation’s long- running addiction to spending. How did we get here? A decade ago, taxpayers learned that many of their elected representatives were complicit in an insidious practice that rotted the legislative branch to its core, and that is congressional ear-marking. Called a ‘‘gateway drug’’ by our distinguished former colleague from Oklahoma, Senator Tom Coburn, earmarks have long exacerbated the Federal Government’s spending addic-tion. As old as the Republic, earmarks have always been used by generations of politicians as currency to curry favor with well-connected special in-terests. After public outrage reached a critical mass, both the House and the Senate instituted bans on earmarking, ending what had been a corrupt pay-to- play culture in Congress. In order to preserve this important check against the corrupting influence of earmarks, I recently sent a letter to President Donald Trump respectfully urging him to veto any legislation con-taining earmarks that reaches his desk. I thank my colleagues, Senators J
OHN MCCAIN, MIKELEE, RAND PAUL, T
EDCRUZ, and B ENSASSE, for co-signing this letter. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the following letter. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , Washington, DC, March 7, 2017. President D
ONALD J. T RUMP , The White House, Washington, DC. D
EARPRESIDENT TRUMP : With our national debt set to top $20 trillion within days and growing at a rate of over half-a-trillion dol-lars a year, bringing fiscal sanity to the fed-eral budget requires immediate attention and action. We write today to urge opposi-tion to any efforts by Congress to return to earmarking. While cutting unnecessary and wasteful spending may be commonsense to most tax-payers, behind every dollar spent is a bois-terous special interest group with the loud-est being Congress itself. Even with a full agenda that includes repealing Obamacare, reforming the tax code, easing the regu-latory burden, and strengthening our na-tion’s security, some lawmakers are focused on reviving the corrupt practice of ear-marking that was ended in 2011 after what seemed like an endless series of corruption scandals. Fondly described as a ‘‘favor factory’’ by a lobbyist convicted of exchanging gifts for government grants, earmarks represent the pay-to-play culture you have pledged to end. It is unfathomable to those of us who fought to end earmarks and witnessed our col-leagues go to jail for corruption that pork barrel politics would return, especially at this time when Americans are clearly fed up with business-as-usual. However, despite the success of the current moratorium enacted in both chamber of Congress, there are ef-forts underway seeking to revive the disdain-ful practice. President Reagan vetoed a highway bill in 1987 because it was larded up with 152 ear-marks. Escalating exponentially, the over- budget transportation bill signed into law in 2005 contained more than 6,300 earmarks. Earmark proponents are trying to reassure that this time will be different, promising fewer projects and even rebranding them as ‘‘congressionally-directed spending.’’ With the serious fiscal problems facing our nation, processing thousands or even hundreds of pork requests will only distract and delay addressing pressing national needs and push spending decisions once again into the murky shadows. We respectfully urge you to make it clear that you will veto any bill Congress sends to you containing earmarks within the legisla-tive text or the accompanying report. We look forward to working with you to make Washington more accountable and stop wasteful spending where it starts, which is often right here in Congress. Sincerely, JEFFFLAKE . M
IKELEE. J
OHNMCCAIN. R
ANDPAUL. T
EDCRUZ. B
ENSASSE. 
Mr. FLAKE. To explain the urgency behind my letter to the President, I wish to remind my colleagues in this body, many of whom were not in the Congress before enactment of the mor-atorium, just how bad the earmarking epidemic became. For the uninitiated, the term ‘‘ear-mark’’ is a euphemism for when law-makers work to circumvent the reg-ular, normal appropriations process in order to secure special funding for projects in their home districts or their States. This resulted in Federal tax dollars being doled out to Members of Congress on a whim, bypassing normal rigorous Federal and public vetting. Instead of focusing on oversight re-sponsibilities or devising legislative so-lutions for the Nation’s most pressing challenges, lawmakers and staffers de-voted thousands of man-hours toward filling earmark requests. Congressional appropriators and appropriations com-mittees transformed into what were termed ‘‘favor factories,’’ abandoning oversight responsibilities to focus on rationing out pork. To me, that was one of the most insidious parts of the whole earmarking era. We have oversight responsibilities in Congress. There is a huge Federal budget on which we should be pro-viding oversight, but instead of poring over agency spending and searching for waste in our trillion-dollar discre-tionary budget, Members and staff de-voted countless hours to roughly 2 or 3 percent of the Federal budget. There was so much focus on just doling out what represented 1 or 2 or 3 percent of the Federal budget that we basically neglected the rest of the Federal budg-et in terms of oversight. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.015 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1657 March 8, 2017 
In less than 20 years, the number of earmarks in the Transportation bill alone grew from 152 to 6,300. President Reagan, I believe, in 1988 famously said that he vetoed the highway bill be-cause he hadn’t seen that much pork since he handed out ribbons at the county fair. There were 152 earmarks in the Transportation bill that year, and by 2005 it was 6,300. That is an in-crease of more than 4,000 percent. Examples of earmarks range from a quarter billion dollars for a bridge to nowhere in Alaska—everybody became familiar with that one; $50 million for an indoor rainforest in Iowa, paid for by taxpayers across the country; and half a million dollars for a teapot mu-seum in North Carolina. All of these earmarks added up, eventually totaling about $29 billion a year. It was in this environment that, along with a small group of like-mind-ed colleagues, I set out to put an end to this form of transactional politics that had infected the Halls of Congress. Our mission was to place a permanent mor-atorium on congressional earmarks. It took unprecedented revelations of widespread corruption and illegality and ultimately the jailing of law-makers, staffers, and lobbyists before the public’s outrage forced Congress to clean up its act. But even brazen in-stances of public corruption didn’t stop Congress from dragging its feet on re-forms, and the majority party, my party, paid the price at the polls in 2006. The dominant mood of the electorate at that time—that of mistrust in gov-ernment institutions—is strikingly reminiscent of the drain-the-swamp mentality that permeated last Novem-ber’s election. But despite this surging anti-insider sentiment across the ideo-logical spectrum, there is now a chorus of lawmakers from both sides of the aisle working behind the scenes to lift the congressional earmark morato-rium. These earmark defenders will trot out arguments ranging from con-stitutional prerogative to the insignifi-cance of earmarks relative to the en-tire Federal budget. They will say: It is OK to earmark. We are only ear-marking 1 percent of the Federal budg-et. But all of these defenses ring hollow. The constitutional power of the purse is not a blanket mandate for Congress to spend freely; rather, it is a funda-mental duty to prevent the executive branch from wasting taxpayer dollars. By using earmarks to funnel billions of dollars to special interests, Congress ceases to be a check on the executive branch. We have become no better than the free-spending bureaucrats whom we rail against. While we were ultimately successful in securing earmark bans in both the House and the Senate, today we are seeing far too many cracks in those foundations. With so many in Congress now willing to sacrifice fiscal dis-cipline, we have to remain vigilant against the return to business as usual. We can’t afford to forfeit the hard- fought progress we have made. The Senate Republican conference’s vote earlier this year to preserve the earmark ban was an important step in the right direction, but we need to do more. That is why I sent the letter to President Trump, and it is why, should earmarks return, I intend to challenge each one of them on the Senate floor. Just as I did in my time in the House, I will file amendments to force debate and force votes on these earmarks. That way, Members can publicly defend their earmarks to the hard-working taxpayers they represent. As we look forward to the future, I have been encouraged by the Presi-dent’s recognition of Washington’s ad-diction to spending and his administra-tion’s commitment to finally doing something about it. I look forward to working with the administration to make the Federal Government leaner, more transparent, and more account-able to the taxpayers it serves. 
BORDER ADJUSTMENT TAX  
Mr. President, I take the floor today to express my concern with the border adjustment tax. The border adjustment tax is quickly becoming the center-piece of a planned overhaul of our tax and trade policies. I am certain that I am not the only one hearing that this approach could make everyday con-sumer products more expensive at the very places middle-class families shop the most. From the aisles at big-box stores to the checkout lines in grocery stores, household staples could be pushed out of reach for those who can least afford it. In addition, there are concerns that this new policy could disrupt global supply chains and make it harder for our country’s largest private sector employers to grow and to do business. There are those who suggest that the known downsides to the new tax will be a wash because the U.S. dollar will be stronger; however, others are not so comfortable gambling the purchasing power of the average consumer on the unpredictability of international cur-rency markets. At first glance, the plan seems simple enough: Tax companies in the United States less and tax goods made over-seas more. That seems simple. Accord-ing to supporters, this would boost our exports, incentivize companies to lo-cate operations here in the United States, and it would reduce our trade deficit. Unfortunately, it turns out that is not so easy. Looking inward, we simply do not produce everything we need here in the United States. That is why we trade with other countries in the first place. And for the things we do make here, those products often re-quire inputs from all over the world. In fact, whether it is raw material or spe-cialty parts, roughly 50 percent of our Nation’s imports consist of inputs for U.S. production and manufacturing. Let me say that again. Roughly 50 per-cent of our Nation’s imports consist of inputs for U.S. production and manu-facturing, many times for products that are then shipped overseas. Because of our trade deals with other nations, these inputs are cheaper than they would be otherwise. Cheaper in-puts mean lower production costs for U.S.-based businesses, which in turn al-lows these companies to expand pro-duction and to reduce prices. What will happen if we place a 20-per-cent tax on all imports? Looking be-yond our borders, we should also con-sider the reaction such a tax is sure to trigger amongst our trading partners. If the protectionist trade policies of the past have taught us anything, it is that countries tend to retaliate when they believe trade obligations have been violated. When we increase bar-riers to trade, nobody wins. Do I agree that we should work to make U.S. businesses more competi-tive? Absolutely. Do I agree that we need to reform our Tax Code? You bet. Tax reform and pro-growth trade poli-cies have been at the top of my list of priorities throughout my tenure in Congress. I look forward to working with my colleagues to lower corporate and indi-vidual tax rates, eliminate costly tax earmarks, and make our Tax Code flat-ter, simpler, and more conducive to growth. There will always be winners and losers in a robust debate on re-forming the Tax Code. We ought to make sure the middle class isn’t in the losing column. I yield back the remainder of my time. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this week our colleagues in the House re-leased a plan to clean up the mess left in the wake of the ObamaCare’s failed promises. The bill known as the Amer-ican Health Care Act represents the next step forward in keeping our prom-ise to repeal and replace ObamaCare, which continues to fail Texans and folks all across the country. Instead of helping more Americans and more Texans by providing more healthcare choices, ObamaCare has ac-tually led to dwindling insurance op-tions in a lot of counties across the country. In fact, it is estimated that almost 40 percent of counties in Texas have just one option on the exchange this year. It is hard to shop, it is hard to compare, and it is hard to get the benefits of competition when there is only one option because of ObamaCare. So that is actually the opposite of what the President and the advocates for the Affordable Care Act promised. That is what happens when govern-ment interferes with the market and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.017 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1658 March 8, 2017 
takes a one-size-fits-all approach to our Nation’s healthcare. The fact of the matter is that the path that Presi-dent Obama put us on is not sustain-able. It is hurting families and bur-dening job creators and is taking a tre-mendous toll, and Americans are pay-ing the price. I know some of our colleagues across the aisle are relishing the fact that Re-publicans, the majority, are now tak-ing this step to keep our commitment to repeal and replace ObamaCare. They are sitting back and hoping that we fail. But the fact of the matter is that we would be having this debate no mat-ter who won the Presidency last No-vember 8, because ObamaCare is in a meltdown mode. It is unsustainable, and we would be dealing with our bro-ken healthcare system no matter who won the White House on November 8 of last year. One of my constituents wrote me ear-lier this year about her daughter. She said that before ObamaCare, back when she could choose the policy that she wanted, she was paying about $190 a month for health insurance, and she had a $500 deductible. Well, that sounds pretty reasonable—not great, but not terrible either. Then came ObamaCare. Now her daughter, who unfortunately lost her job in the interim, must pay almost $400 a month with a deductible that is more than $6,000. I don’t know many people who can write a check for $6,000 when they have an unexpected healthcare crisis. So in essence, she is being forced to self-insure and has been denied the benefit of even the insur-ance that she has, even though her pre-mium has gone up more than double, and, of course, her deductible is now $6,000. So to our friends across the aisle who seem to be relishing this moment where we are actually undertaking the hard work of working through a repeal and replacement program, I would say to them that ObamaCare is certainly no gold standard. It is the opposite of what we need to help our Nation’s healthcare woes. There is no doubt that it is a failed piece of legislation, full of empty promises, and one we have to scrap. So with the American Health Care Act, starting today in the House of Representatives, we will repeal ObamaCare and deliver better, more af-fordable healthcare choices to the American people. This bill actually also improves Med-icaid. That is another big part of what ObamaCare did. It forced more people onto Medicaid, which is frankly not the best quality healthcare insurance or coverage that exists. I remember back during the ObamaCare debate, I actually intro-duced an amendment in the Finance Committee saying that if Congress passed ObamaCare, Members of Con-gress needed to be put on Medicaid— my theory being, not that it was such great coverage, but that if Members of Congress were on Medicaid, we sure would take every step necessary to ac-tually improve it and make sure it works. But this legislation actually does im-prove Medicaid and puts it on a sus-tainable path for the future by working with the Governors, because Medicaid is a shared Federal-State responsi-bility. But right now, it is growing by leaps and bounds. It is at the consumer medical inflation rate plus two, which means it is growing much faster than the economy and, unfortunately, put-ting unprecedented burdens on our State governments. For example, I know, talking to some Texas legisla-tors, they said it is easily the second— and, if they weren’t careful, the larg-est—expense item in the Texas State budget—Medicaid, or the State share of Medicaid. Of course, Medicaid was designed to help the most vulnerable in our com-munities and enjoyed broad bipartisan support. Along the way, it became less about serving those who needed it and more about unchecked government spending, as I mentioned a moment ago. So what the American Health Care Act does is it actually puts Medicaid on a budget. It doesn’t cut current spending in Medicaid; it just says that it will grow at a slower rate, and it sends much of the authority to work out the best healthcare delivery sys-tems to our State Governors and legis-lators. It gives States more flexibility along the way so they can use re-sources to serve the specific needs of their citizens. I know in my State we frequently will come to Washington and ask the Health and Human Serv-ices Department and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, for a waiver so we can actually use the Medicaid money and to spend it most effectively—to build either a medical home or to deal with chronic diseases, or some other flexibility we need in order to deliver quality healthcare to our constituents. But the gall of having to come to Washington, DC, and asking permission on how to spend your own money is just too much. I believe, actually, the American Health Care Act is the most significant entitlement reform in decades. That is something we should all applaud—put-ting Medicare and Medicaid on a more sustainable path, not continuing to spend money that we don’t have, and racking up annual deficits and adding to our national debt, which now is in the $20 trillion range, with no end in sight. Both Federal and State governments spend a significant amount of money on Medicaid every year. As I indicated, last year nearly one-third of the Texas budget was dedicated to Medicaid. The fact of the matter is that when the States have to spend so much of the money they tax and collect on Med-icaid, then, it is unavailable for other important purposes—law enforcement, education, and the like. There is a crowding-out effect. By responsibly re-forming Medicaid, the States and the Federal Government will benefit, all while helping Medicaid work for the most vulnerable in our country and putting us on a path to fiscal sustain-ability. In addition to entitlement reform, this bill will also get rid of the ObamaCare taxes that have led to hikes in premium costs, fewer options for patients, and more redtape for job creators. I know, being in Tyler, TX, for example, back after ObamaCare passed, and meeting with a woman who said she was forced, actually, to work two jobs because her employer laid her off of her full-time job, so as to come under the cap necessary for the ObamaCare employer mandate. So, lit-erally, this single mother had lost her full-time job because of ObamaCare and was forced to work two part-time jobs just to make up the difference in income. We will also, in this American Health Care Act, eliminate the individual mandate. President Obama said when he ran for office back in 2008 that he was opposed to penalizing the Amer-ican people if they did not buy govern-ment-approved insurance, but of course he changed his tune once he was sworn into office. We will eliminate the individual mandate so people who don’t want to purchase a government-approved plan are not forced to buy a plan they don’t want and that they can’t afford or else suffer a penalty. This bill will also help families spend money on healthcare de-cisions that make the most sense to them by giving them tools so they can manage their healthcare expenses like health savings accounts. The American Health Care Act is an answer to a promise we made and we have made repetitively in the last three elections since ObamaCare be-came the law of the land. I believe it is imperative we keep our promise. Some have said: Well, this is a dif-ficult process. I agree. There are a lot of different ideas that people have. I agree. That is a good thing, but in the end, we have a binary choice. We can either keep the status quo, which is in meltdown—which is ObamaCare—or we can pass legislation which offers more choices at affordable prices to the American people. I believe the choice is very clear. It is a great opportunity to reform our healthcare system and Medicaid and move healthcare decisions away from Washington and back to the families, back in the States where we all live, and back in the hands of patients and their doctors. I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues and the Trump administration to make this a reality. Again, the choice is between the sta-tus quo, which is unacceptable, which is not working, or a better way. I, for one, choose a better way: more choices at a price consumers can afford. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Maine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.019 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1659 March 8, 2017 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL  
Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise to address the bill that has been re-cently—and I emphasize the word ‘‘re-cently’’—introduced in the House of Representatives. I believe it was intro-duced Monday. It is having not a hear-ing but a markup today, and may be on the House floor as soon as tomorrow or early next week. As the President said recently, healthcare is complicated. To me, to introduce a bill that was not available to any Members of Congress before Monday, mark it up in committee 2 days later, attempt to pass it on the floor of the House, and then I under-stand it may come directly to the floor of the Senate without any committee consideration, it just seems to me is a disservice to the process and a dis-service to the traditions and practices of this institution. This is complicated. It is difficult. The ramifications and implications of this bill, just as any other major change in our healthcare system, are incredibly important. This is not about ideology. This is about people. This is about the impact on people. I want to talk about the impact of this bill, as we have thus far been able to assess it, on the people of Maine. When I look at a piece of legislation down here, I start with Maine. How will it affect the peo-ple who live along our coast or inland, in the small towns, and particularly people who are above the age of 50? Maine happens to be the oldest State in the country. Therefore, anything which negatively impacts seniors dou-bly negatively impacts the people of my State. I feel this bill is a disaster for seniors. I define seniors in this case as anybody over 50 because it does sev-eral things. One of the things it does, and there should be a great deal of dis-cussion about this, under the Afford-able Care Act, which recognizes the fact that seniors and people who are older tend to have more medical needs than those who are younger, it caps differential at three times. In other words, a senior can only pay three times what a younger person pays, and even that is burdensome in many cases. This bill changes three to five. It will be a very substantial increase in the payments and the costs of insurance and healthcare to senior citizens. Now, the Kaiser Family Foundation, which is, I find, the most nonpartisan and in-formative source of information on all of these issues, has created a handy tool on their website, where you can put in information, such as family in-come and age, and determine what you would have paid under the Affordable Care Act and what you would pay under this new bill. What they found was—I wanted to look and see what somebody in my State will pay. If you are a 60-year-old in Aroostook County Maine with an in-come of $30,000, the subsidy—the sup-port for the premium for individual in-surance—would fall by 70 percent. The support for your insurance policy under the Affordable Care Act would fall by 70 percent. Throughout our State, the average decrease would be 48 percent—almost half. So we are talking not about some theoretical, ideological, political thing here, we are talking about people’s ability to afford health insurance. It is about as clear as it could be. That is why it is frustrating to me that we col-lectively—the Congress—are going to be asked to consider this bill with lit-erally no hearings, no input from the public, no discussion of how all the pieces fit together or don’t fit together. Yet we are going to be asked—I believe, my understanding is, we are going to be asked to vote on this bill sometime on the floor of the Senate, without any committee consideration, in the next week or so. This is too important to people’s lives to give it such short shrift. It is just not right to make changes of this magnitude that are so vital to people’s well-being and literally their health and their survival in some cases. It is unthinkable to me that we would do this without a round of hearings and discussions and the regular order that we supposedly honor around here as to how major legislation is to come to the floor. I received a letter just recently: ‘‘Hi, Angus.’’ I like it when my correspondents say ‘‘Hi, Angus’’ instead of ‘‘Senator.’’ 
Hi, Angus [he says]. I have worked in the pulp and paper industry for close to 30 years. It was a good industry up here, supported middle-class families in northern Maine. But we have had layoffs and closures of our mills. After every closure, I had to obtain health insurance for my family on my own. Before ObamaCare, this was a disaster. I could only obtain catastrophic insurance from one of two providers. There was no way I could pay $1,500 a month for a decent plan. After ObamaCare, I could obtain decent insurance at a decent price. While there may have been problems for some, it was a godsend for my family. Please help ensure we don’t go back to the old days. We are self-employed by our small business and would not be able to pay more for less. 
That is what the bill that is in the House would do, pay more for less. By the way, how does the money work in this bill? Well, one of the things the bill does is, my understanding, and, again, I am only operating on what we have seen in the last 24 hours because of no hearings, but one of the things it does is eliminate a tax on people who make over $250,000 a year in order to cut coverage for people who are not making that kind of money. It is a tax cut, and shifting the cost to our citizens, particularly our sen-iors. The pattern is, shift and shaft. Shift the cost, and shaft the people who need the coverage. This is sup-posed to be a substitute. It is supposed to be coverage for everyone. You have to be careful. When people talk about access, they are talking about: Yes, you can buy it, but if you can’t afford it, that is not really access. This bill dramatically decreases the support for health insurance premiums through the Affordable Care Act. The reality is, and I hear a lot of talk about how ObamaCare is collapsing. It isn’t. More people signed up this year than last year. Yes, it is true the rates went up, but that was because younger people were not signing up in signifi-cant numbers. We need to deal with that issue because that makes the risk pool older and sicker and therefore more expensive. I have been told by insurance offi-cials that if something like this bill that is in the House passes and the sub-sidies disappear and the Affordable Care Act goes away, the private health insurance market for individuals, the so-called individual market, will essen-tially collapse. The reality is, the unin-sured population of this country has fallen virtually in half since the pas-sage of the Affordable Care Act. Twen-ty-two million people have coverage now who did not before and we can take it away. The other piece I don’t like about this bill is it phases things out so the impact will not be felt until after the next election or sometime in the fu-ture. Well, the future comes. In this case, the future is going to be pretty desolate for people who have health in-surance now and are not going to have it 2, 4, or 6 years from now. It is just not right. I am one who has been saying, since I entered this body now 4-plus years ago, that there are problems with the Affordable Care Act. We should be working on those problems. We should be working on repairing it, not de-stroying it. We should not be talking about taking healthcare coverage away from people in this country. I am sure I and many others will be addressing more comprehensively the provisions of this bill as it becomes more clear, even though we are going to have to ferret those provisions out because we are not going to have the benefit of expert testimony and views from a variety of points of view of how this is actually going to work. The reality is, I don’t think there is much question that this proposal will hammer Maine and my people. I can’t stand for that. I hope the House will have a more vigorous process, they will understand what the implications are, and take a more judicious approach so we are not tearing insurance out from under people, we are not going to make the cost be driven up, we are not giving a tax break to people who make over $250,000 a year, and at the same time taking coverage away from people who make $30,000 a year. That is wrong. We should be repair-ing, not repealing. I think this bill is not the right place to start. I stand for the people of Maine. I stand for the people who are going to be harmed by this, whether they are seniors or work-ing people or self-employed people or people who have been able to start businesses because they could get, for the first time, insurance under the Af-fordable Care Act. I believe that is our obligation. We have an opportunity to work together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.021 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1660 March 8, 2017 
I am willing to work with anyone who wants to work on improving and deal-ing with some of the issues that have been raised by the Affordable Care Act. Let’s stop talking about repealing. Let’s talk about fixing, strengthening, and meeting our commitment to our fellow citizens in Maine and across our country. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. (The remarks of Mrs. S
HAHEEN are printed in today’s R
ECORD during con-sideration of S. Res. 84.) Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I join literally millions of Ohioans and tens of millions of Americans in my concern about what the House of Representa-tives is trying to do to our healthcare laws and our healthcare system. I leave just one statistic with my col-leagues in the Senate, and that is that in my State alone, there are 200,000 people who are now under treatment for opioid addiction, and they are able to get this comprehensive treatment because they have insurance under the Affordable Care Act. The legislation apparently coming out of the House of Representatives, even though we do not know how much it costs, is a big tax cut for the wealthy. We do not know how much it costs because they are moving so quickly. It was under wraps, and now they are moving it so quickly that the Congressional Budget Office has not even had time to look at it and under-stand what it costs, nor has it been able to tell us how many of the 22 mil-lion Americans who have insurance under the Affordable Care Act will lose their insurance. They want to move so fast that they are not even answering the basic questions of how much it costs—a lot; how much it is going to add to the deficit—a whole lot, but they will not be specific; and how many people will lose their insurance. As I said, today 200,000 Ohioans are getting treatment for opioid addiction under the Affordable Care Act. Most of them—we think at least half, but tens of thousands of them will lose their treatment just like that, right in the middle of their addiction treatment. What does society gain by that, other than some Republican talking points, when people chanted for 6 years ‘‘re-peal and replace ObamaCare,’’ never having any idea how they were going to replace it—still don’t—to do it right and continue that effort. Finally, there is the hypocrisy of this, where Members of Congress in the House and in the Senate enjoy tax-payer-financed health insurance. Peo-ple in this body—most of the 100 Sen-ators and most of the 435 Congressmen and Congresswomen—have health in-surance provided by taxpayers, yet they want to take insurance away from millions of Americans. These are peo-ple who have jobs. They are millions of Americans who have jobs, who are making relatively low wages. Some of them may be holding two or three part- time jobs. They make low wages. They have no health insurance provided at their job. People in Congress who have taxpayer-funded health insurance are taking their insurance away, stripping them of that insurance. How morally repugnant that is. How hypocritical that is. Yet they move along their merry way. We should defeat these efforts. We should continue to make improvements in the Affordable Care Act, but not wholesale destruction that will throw hundreds of thousands of Ohioans off of the insurance they have. I will close with this. My Republican Governor has admonished his Repub-lican colleagues around the country and in Congress not to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act and throw 900,000 people in Ohio off of their insurance without a replacement to take care of it. This bill coming out of the House is far from an adequate replacement. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CALLING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF A SPECIAL  
PROSECUTOR  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, even in its early days, this administra-tion has embarked on a course of for-eign private interest entanglements and conflicts of interest that are truly staggering. Just this morning, the Associated Press reported that China has granted preliminary approval for 38 new trade-marks. They are Trump trademarks, paving the way for the President, Don-ald Trump, and his family to ‘‘poten-tially develop a host of branded busi-nesses from hotels to golf clubs to bodyguard and concierge services.’’ These reports are contained in public documents. All but three are in the President’s own name. The AP report also quotes an official as saying that ‘‘for all these marks to sail through so quickly and cleanly, with no similar marks . . . no issues with specification, boy, it’s weird.’’ Now, the speculation is that these trademarks could not have been issued without approval by the ruling Com-munist Party, that hierarchy had to be involved, and that awareness had to in-volve their approval for these intellec-tual property interests. The benefit is to the President through his private in-terests. The fact is, the President of the United States should be beholden only to the American people, not to personal profit, but in fact these trade-marks raise the specter that the Presi-dent possibly is beholden to the ap-proving officials in China even more than to the American people. That is an issue that merits investigation. Like so many issues arising in this young administration, the question is, Who will do that investigation? The lawyers in China representing Donald Trump applied for these trade-marks in April of 2016, even as then- Candidate Donald Trump railed against China at his campaign rallies, criti-cizing Chinese currency manipulation, its intellectual property theft, its at-traction of jobs from this country to theirs. The question arises, What has he done about those issues? In fact, China continues to manipulate its cur-rency, continues to attract jobs from this country, and continues its aggres-sive policies in the area around that country. The question is whether an inquiry is appropriate—which certainly it seems to be—and who will supervise it. It is the same question that arises with re-spect to Russian interference in our electoral system and the potential ties between Trump team officials and the Russians who committed those acts. Those ties have been established by evidence that is now incontrovertible because it is admitted by the officials themselves, now Attorney General Jeff Sessions and former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. It is now a matter of factual record that Russia engaged in a series of de-liberate cyber attacks in order to carry out an unprecedented plot to under-mine the 2016 elections with the goal of assisting Donald Trump. The growing body of evidence clearly and unmistak-ably indicates that Trump campaign officials were in contact with Russia during the election. These deeply trou-bling claims of coordination with a for-eign government to influence an Amer-ican election certainly deserve exact-ing scrutiny and investigation, and the more we learn, the more troubled we become. In fact, we are rapidly careen-ing toward a constitutional crisis. These recent revelations about Vladi-mir Putin’s government and former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resulted in his resignation. There have also been details about con-tact between Attorney General Ses-sions, our former colleague, and the Russian Ambassador that have caused his recusal from all inquiries of that subject matter. I believe a special prosecutor must be appointed to investigate the Russian interference and meddling in our elec-tion, the massive cyber attack misin-formation, and propaganda campaign conducted to subvert that election. The potential for cooperation, condoning, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.021 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1661 March 8, 2017 
connecting between the Trump offi-cials and Russia certainly merits inves-tigation as well. Without reaching con-clusions, the special prosecutor ought to investigate and then reach a conclu-sion. His conclusion should be based on fact, not surmise or speculation. For weeks, I have called for a special prosecutor to investigate possible ties between members of the Trump cam-paign, the Trump transition, and the Trump White House to Russian offi-cials who sought to interfere with our election. I support the Intelligence Committee in conducting its investiga-tion. I would favor the appointment of a special commission or a select com-mittee of the Congress to do fact-finding, make reports and rec-ommendations in a fully transparent way, but only a special prosecutor can take action based on criminal intent. Only a special prosecutor can pursue violations of criminal law, to not only investigate but also bring charges and seek appropriate punishment and rem-edy. Only the Deputy Attorney General of the United States can appoint a spe-cial prosecutor because the Attorney General has recused himself—in other words, taken himself out of all of the areas of this subject matter. That is why I asked yesterday that the nomi-nee for Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, commit to appoint a spe-cial prosecutor. His answer to me was that he wishes to wait until he is approved by the Sen-ate—assuming his confirmation oc-curs—to decide whether to appoint a special prosecutor. He claims he needs to familiarize himself with the facts and circumstances of any ongoing in-vestigation before he can make a deci-sion. With all due respect, the facts he needs to know are already established. They are already a matter of public record. They are already known to the American public. There is an investiga-tion ongoing by the FBI—and with good reason—into Russian meddling in our elections, this massive campaign of misinformation and cyber attack that they purposefully conducted to influ-ence the outcome of our election. We know the Justice Department must investigate and pursue the ongo-ing investigation, wherever the evi-dence leads. Part of that evidence in-evitably will be meetings that were conducted by his boss, the Attorney General of United States, Jeff Sessions, which is why the Attorney General has recused himself—because he could be involved in that investigation as a wit-ness, as a subject, even possibly as a target, as could the President himself. To close that investigation, the Dep-uty Attorney General, or whoever is conducting it, needs to question the Attorney General of the United States. To conduct that investigation, that questioning must occur. So the Deputy Attorney General would be expected to be investigating his boss. If he decides to conduct that investigation himself, he must appoint a special prosecutor to establish the independence of that in-quiry, to assure that in reality and in appearance the American public is as-sured that the investigation is inde-pendent, objective, impartial, vigorous, and fair. The facts that warrant a special pros-ecutor are already known and they are already a matter of public record. That is why I believe he must commit him-self now, before his confirmation—in fact, as a condition of his confirma-tion—to take that action, which pre-serves the credibility and public con-fidence in the Department of Justice that he observed very eloquently in his confirmation hearing as one of his cen-tral objectives. There is a lot of precedent for this step. The most prominent one perhaps is Elliot Richardson, when he was the Attorney General designee. He was re-quested by the Judiciary Committee, at that time, to make the same kind of commitment—and he did. He kept his promise. He appointed Archibald Cox to be special prosecutor, and the Wa-tergate scandal was appropriately in-vestigated and pursued. That exam-ple—when Elliot Richardson had enough facts, just as Rod Rosenstein does now—ought to be the lodestar here. It ought to be the model for his commitment to appointing a special prosecutor. The simple fact is, Rod Rosenstein, like Elliot Richardson, knows every-thing he needs to know to be sure a special prosecutor is necessary, and es-pecially because he is a career pros-ecutor with a distinguished record, and because he has that intellect and integ-rity that would qualify him probably to be confirmed, he should know it is the right thing to do. Maybe he will do it if he is confirmed, but it would serve the interests of justice, and it would help to sustain and enhance the trust and public confidence in the Depart-ment of Justice if he were to do it now, as Elliot Richardson did many years ago. We live in an extraordinary time. The conflicts of interest and foreign entanglements that threaten our Na-tion, beginning at the very top of this administration, impose a unique man-date on the Department of Justice. The recusal of the Attorney General from this investigation indicates that lead-ership and integrity are necessary at every level as never before. That is why, in this extraordinary time, I urge the Deputy Attorney General nominee, Rod Rosenstein, to do the right thing and make sure there is an investiga-tion that is independent and vigorous, as well as fair and full; that we know all of the facts eventually and that ac-tion is taken appropriately to deal with the Russian interference in our election, the potential ties between the Trump administration—before and after the election—in those improper interferences by the Russians in our election, and that the danger of cover-up, indicated by the potential false statements made by Jeff Sessions be-fore the Judiciary Committee and Mi-chael Flynn elsewhere, be stopped be-fore it starts. Only a special prosecutor can provide the unbiased and fair an-swers that are so urgently needed. The American people deserve an ex-planation. They deserve an explanation for the trademarks that have been issued to Donald Trump in China. They deserve an explanation by a special prosecutor on Russian meddling and Trump ties to that meddling. Whether the independent and special prosecutor broadens the scope of that investiga-tion to include the entanglements or conflicts of interest involving China is a question that will have to be ad-dressed by that official, but this much we know now. We are rapidly careening toward a constitutional crisis, a crisis of credibility as well as legal chal-lenges. The historic opportunity and obligation this nominee owes the coun-try cannot be avoided. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. Apparently there is another speaker. I withdraw that suggestion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, look-ing at today’s headlines and listening to the news, it may seem as if col-leagues from across the country—Dem-ocrat, Republican—don’t always agree on some things, let alone anything. I think we are starting to see a con-sensus emerge—a very good, genuine agreement emerge between liberals and conservatives, Democrats and Repub-licans on at least one matter in Wash-ington, DC, in the Senate: Neil Gorsuch. That agreement is on Neil Gorsuch. Neil Gorsuch is an exceptional nomi-nee for the U.S. Supreme Court. In fact, Judge Gorsuch is, by many extents and by many commentators, arguably one of the most talented ju-rists we have nominated to the Court in a very long time, at least in modern history. As the Denver Post in Colorado said: ‘‘Gorsuch is a brilliant legal mind’’ who has a reputation for ‘‘[applying] the law fairly and consistently.’’ You can’t ask for much more than that—somebody who will apply the law fairly and consistently. However, this shouldn’t surprise anyone who knows Judge Gorsuch. Judge Gorsuch has al-ways enjoyed overwhelming bipartisan support. All we need to do to see that is to look back to 2006 when we could see that most clearly in the U.S. Sen-ate. In 2006, when Judge Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed to the Tenth Circuit Court, 12 current Democratic Senators, including the minority lead-er and Senators L
EAHY , FEINSTEIN , and D
URBIN , all were in office. It was a nomination in 2006 that was unani-mous, a nomination that went by voice vote. He was so universally appealing to the Tenth Circuit Court that he had an introduction at the Judiciary Com-mittee by both a Democratic Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Mar 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.024 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1662 March 8, 2017 
from Colorado and a Republican Sen-ator from Colorado, joined by every single person on the floor to vote yes unanimously. They approved his nomination. And to give you even greater context about this vote, the people who made this vote, the approval of Judge Gorsuch in 2006 to the Tenth Circuit Court came in addition to the 12 people I just men-tioned who are here today and who were here then. It also came with the support of then-Senator Obama, Sen-ator Biden, Senator Clinton, and Sen-ator Kerry. Approximately 11 years later, now that Judge Gorsuch has proved himself to be a mainstream jurist, a consensus builder, a profound legal mind with an even temperament and affable nature, we have a chance again to put this in-credibly brilliant mind on the Nation’s highest Court. Judge Gorsuch is a faithful adherent to the Constitution and the organizing principles of this great democracy. I have no doubt that Judge Gorsuch will—and should—enjoy similar levels of approval among my distinguished colleagues across the aisle. I also wish for people to learn more about Judge Gorsuch personally and to tell some stories about growing up in Colorado. It is a story about how a young man from Denver, CO, through his own hard work and academic excel-lence, rose to the highest echelons of the legal profession and to the nearly universal acclaim of Democrats and Republicans. A fourth-generation Coloradan, Neil Gorsuch learned the value of hard work at a young age from his grandfathers. His maternal grandfather, Dr. Joseph McGill, began his adult life by working in Union Station, the main railway ter-minal in Denver. From there, Dr. McGill put himself through medical school and became a prominent sur-geon. With his wife, Dorothy Jean, Dr. McGill raised seven children, all of whom he gave a better life to and put through college. Neil’s paternal grandfather, John Gorsuch, was his legal inspiration. After serving in World War I, John Gorsuch put himself through under-graduate and law school at the Univer-sity of Denver by driving a trolley car. Upon graduation, John built a law practice focusing on real estate law. He also made time to help Denver’s wel-fare department and participate in the Kiwanis Club and numerous other civic organizations. Later, John started what was at one time one of the largest law firms in Denver, Gorsuch Kirgis, where he practiced well into his eighties. It was this family work ethic that drove Neil to get his hands dirty and pursue blue collar jobs at a young age. In Colorado, he moved furniture, he shoveled snow, he mowed lawns, and he even shoveled some more snow in the great State of Colorado. It was this work ethic—and a lot of shoveling of snow—combined with his family’s ap-preciation of higher education that helped Neil consistently realize aca-demic excellence. By now, I think this Chamber is well familiar with Judge Gorsuch’s sterling academic credentials, receiving his un-dergraduate degree at Columbia, law school at Harvard, Ph.D. at Oxford. I don’t think any of us can forget, nor should we, the fact that he spent a summer at the University of Colorado. Intellect alone doesn’t get you through the halls of these storied aca-demic institutions. It requires hard work, independence—two values of the West; two values in addition to many other western values that Judge Gorsuch holds. It is these values, these western per-spectives that the Supreme Court des-perately needs to grow. Judge Gorsuch is a lifelong outdoorsman. He enjoys fly fishing and skiing. In fact, I have been told that he is a double black dia-mond skier. His wife, Louise, cares for animals in a small barn on his land. In addition to his love of the out-doors and his appreciation of nature’s beauty, Judge Gorsuch understands the complex legal issues facing westerners and our Western States. Since 2006, Judge Gorsuch served on the Federal court that covers the Tenth Circuit Court based out of Den-ver that covers six other Western States—Colorado, Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, Wyoming, and Utah. Those States represent nearly 20 per-cent of the land of the continental United States. His service on this court has provided him with a unique understanding of public lands, water, and Tribal issues that many of the other Western States in the region face. Some of the most complex legal challenges in water law and others come before his court as a result. That experience would serve all of our Western States well when uti-lized from the U.S. Supreme Court. Over the coming days, I plan, along with many of my other colleagues, to elaborate on why Gorsuch’s western values and perspective make him an outstanding choice for the U.S. Su-preme Court. I look forward to working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make sure he gets a timely up- or-down vote. From the highest eche-lons of the legal field to the Tenth Cir-cuit Court, to the U.S. Supreme Court, Judge Gorsuch would make us proud, and he would serve this country well. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. (The remarks of Mr. M
ANCHIN per-taining to the introduction of S. 581 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. MANCHIN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
TRUMPCARE AND THE NOMINATION OF SEEMA  
VERMA  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, it seems appropriate that we are debating the nomination of Seema Verma to head the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services the same week Republicans in Congress introduce a plan to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Over the past 8 years, President Obama and the Democratic Party have been fighting to make sure that every-one in this country has access to af-fordable, quality health insurance. President Trump and his allies in Con-gress do not share this commitment. Instead of debating how best to expand access, they are fighting with each other to see just how many people they can kick off insurance rolls—all in a crusade, apparently, to save some peo-ple money. This is not a crusade to improve the lives of as many Americans as possible. It is a crusade to serve their radical antigovernment ideology. In fact, ‘‘ide-ology over people’’ is a useful short-hand to describe the first 2 months of the Trump administration. The problem with their ideological debates is that people are left out of the debate. Do we really know what it is like to be without health insurance? Under the plan to repeal the ACA, 20 million people in our country will be without health insurance, without healthcare. What if you were one of those people? This question is not an academic one for me. I know what it is like to live without health insurance. When my mom brought my brothers and me to this country—I am an immigrant—her job did not provide health benefits. My greatest fear growing up as a little girl in this country was that my mom would not be able to go to work if she got sick. If she wasn’t able to go to work, where would money for food and rent come from? That is not the kind of fear we want to impose on millions of children in our country, but we will be doing just that to the 20 million people and their fami-lies who gained health insurance under the Affordable Care Act—many, for the first time in their lives. They did not have to be worried every single day that their child or their parents would be sick and would not be able to afford the care that they needed. This is not an academic exercise for any of them. They will be hurt by what we are being asked to do. It is not an academic exer-cise for the millions more who will lose their insurance coverage under TrumpCare. But no one should be surprised. This administration and their allies in Con-gress continue to demonstrate a com-mitment to alternative facts. If you be-lieve their alternative facts, TrumpCare would improve healthcare access for working families, seniors and women, and Americans would have, as the President said, ‘‘much bet-ter healthcare for much less money.’’ But in reality, TrumpCare will do the opposite. TrumpCare would end by 2020 the ACA’s Medicaid expansion that millions of people in our country de-pend on every day. The expansion not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.026 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1663 March 8, 2017 
only provided health coverage to mil-lions of people for the first time, but it also helped to keep hospitals in rural and underserved communities from closing down. These rural hospitals exist all across the country. In its place, TrumpCare would change how States receive Medicaid funding, and it would do so in a way that ensures that these programs cannot keep pace with the rising cost of health insurance in their counties and in our country. Under this new system, States would have less money to spend on Medicaid recipients and face the prospect of tightening eligibility and slashing ben-efits. This would be particularly dev-astating in Hawaii, where we saw the number of people enrolled in Medicaid grow by nearly 20 percent under the ACA. Medicaid has had a trans-formative impact on tens of thousands of lives in Hawaii and millions of oth-ers across the country. Anne from Oahu walked into the Kokua Kalihi Valley Clinic 3 years ago. She had no health insurance, and she was pregnant at the age of 15. The doc-tors at the clinic helped Anne apply for Medicaid, which helped her afford pre-natal care, gave her support to stay healthy and, very importantly, to stay in school. Medicaid helped Anne and her hus-band Dan, age 17, welcome a healthy baby boy named Joseph. Today, Anne is a graduate of Farrington High School, works part time, and has plans to become a pediatric nurse practi-tioner. Anne, Dan, and Joseph now have insurance through Dan’s em-ployer. Reducing access to this critical pro-gram is wrong. Trying to convince the American people they would be better off with the results of these kinds of drastic negative changes to Medicare and Medicaid is yet another alternative fact. I am encouraged that four of my Re-publican colleagues spoke out force-fully against any bill that would elimi-nate the ACA’s Medicaid expansion. We need more Republicans of conscience to make their voices heard on this impor-tant issue. TrumpCare would also be devastating for seniors in Hawaii and across the country. Under TrumpCare, insurance companies would be able to charge older Americans up to five times more for an equivalent health plan than they would be able to charge a younger per-son. For a President and a party that professes to hate taxes so much, they don’t seem to have a problem with what amounts to an age tax. TrumpCare’s changes to Medicaid would also have devastating con-sequences for States like Hawaii, where our rapidly aging population depends on Medicaid to pay for nursing home and other care. The President made the American people a promise—that his healthcare plan would not touch Medi-care. But the cumulative effect of TrumpCare’s assault on our seniors— our kupuna—would force the Medicare trust fund to go broke 4 years sooner than expected. For reference, the ACA extended the life of the Medicare trust fund by 10 years. This would have a devastating im-pact for seniors like Anne and Lanny Bruder from Kauai. Lanny is 80 years old and working three jobs to make ends meet. He has had two knee re-placements and a heart attack. Anne has glaucoma and pays a lot of money out of pocket for her prescription eye drops. They can’t afford to pay more for their health insurance, which is ex-actly what is going to happen under TrumpCare. TrumpCare would also have a pro-foundly negative impact on women across the country. The President’s plan would completely zero out funding for Planned Parenthood. This lifegiving, lifesaving organization would no longer be eligible for Med-icaid reimbursements or Federal fam-ily planning, which would leave a $500 million hole in their budget. Republicans continue to claim false-ly that community health centers would fill the gap in service left by the demise of support for Planned Parent-hood—not true. Most of these commu-nity centers, whose resources are al-ready stretched thin, do not provide women’s healthcare or family planning services. In other words, they would not be able to replicate the services that Planned Parenthood provides all across the country to millions of women and families. Planned Parenthood operates two clinics in Hawaii, one on Oahu and one on Maui. They are the forefront of in-novation in increasing access to family planning services across the State. They launched an innovative new mo-bile application that would allow doc-tors to provide digital consultations to women on neighbor islands for the pur-pose of prescribing birth control. Re-cently, Planned Parenthood made their first delivery to the island of Molokai, a largely rural island with little per-manent medical infrastructure. This is the kind of innovation we should be en-couraging, and it is precisely the type of program that could get cut if Planned Parenthood loses its Federal funding. I often say that there are people in this country getting screwed every sec-ond, minute, and hour of the day. In-stead of reducing that number, which should be our goal, TrumpCare would increase the number of people who get hurt in our country. The wealthiest of the wealthy in our country would ben-efit because—not only would all these things happen under TrumpCare that would be devastating to families, to women, to our seniors—TrumpCare would also give a big tax break, a big tax cut to the wealthiest people in our country. They don’t need that kind of tax cut. Do people making over $2 mil-lion a year really deserve another $150,000 a year in tax cuts? I don’t think so. TrumpCare would be a disaster for the middle class, I am going to do ev-erything in my power to stop it from being the law of the land. We have come too far in the past 8 years to go backward. The first way we can fight back against this plan is by rejecting the nomination of Seema Verma, who would be in charge of implementing TrumpCare as the head of CMS. Ms. Verma is unqualified for the job she has been nominated to do. She has absolutely no experience running a major Federal department and has vir-tually no budgeting experience. This is deeply disconcerting because as the Ad-ministrator of CMS, she would oversee a $1 trillion budget, which is twice as large as that of the Pentagon. Ms. Verma would also continue the President’s assault on women’s healthcare. During her confirmation hearing, Ms. Verma said she opposed the ACA’s requirement that all health plans cover pregnancy care. It is be-cause of this attitude that millions of women across the country are partici-pating in a Day Without Women today. In solidarity with them, I will fight tooth and nail against TrumpCare and encourage my colleagues to oppose Seema Verma’s nomination to serve as the Administrator of the very agency that is supposed to be protecting healthcare for all Americans. I yield the floor. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose H.J. Res. 58, another Congres-sional Review Act resolution that would roll back an agency’s efforts to implement a law and prevent it from doing its job in the future. In this case, we are considering eliminating Department of Education regulations on teacher preparation pro-grams. In the 2008 reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, Congress re-quired States to assess and identify low-performing teacher preparation programs to ensure that every teacher graduates ready for the classroom. Fol-lowing a process that began in 2011, the Department of Education released a draft rule in 2014. That draft wasn’t perfect and needed more flexibility for States and institutions of higher edu-cation. After an extended comment pe-riod, the Department revised the rule 2 years later. Though it may not satisfy everyone, the final rule provides clar-ity in line with Congress’s direction. Congress has the opportunity, with the reauthorization of the Higher Edu-cation Act, to improve upon these pro-visions. We can build on the State-driv-en assessment that this rule provides and further refine the system to make sure that data is being used to better prepare a more diverse class of teach-ers for our schools. If the Trump administration does not want to wait for further legislation, it can engage in a new rulemaking, but as with all Congressional Review Act res-olutions, this resolution is a meat ax rather than a scalpel. It repeals the rule and prevents the Department from carrying out its responsibility to en-sure high-quality teacher preparation programs. This is simply the wrong ap-proach, and I urge a no vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.028 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1664 March 8, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor to once again urge my fel-low Senators to vote against the pend-ing resolution and support strong and accountable teacher preparation pro-grams in America today. There are so many great teacher prep programs across the country that are supplying our teaching students with the tools they need to succeed in the classroom, but there are also teacher prep programs that are struggling and need support to make sure they are producing great teachers for our schools. This rule ensures that students can make informed decisions about teacher preparation programs and that they have access to this information before they take out massive amounts of stu-dent debt. It gives States information about the schools that are struggling so States can provide those schools the tools and resources they need to im-prove their teaching preparation pro-grams. Finally, eliminating this rule will give Secretary DeVos more power over our higher education programs—a risk we should not be willing to take with-out learning more about Secretary DeVos’s vision for our higher education system. Every student deserves to have an amazing teacher in the classroom. This rule helps ensure that is possible. So I urge Senators to think of the future teachers and students who will be im-pacted if this resolution passes. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:30 p.m. today, all remaining time on H.J. Res. 58 be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I rise to restate my support for H.J. Res. 58, a resolution to overturn the Obama ad-ministration Department of Edu-cation’s rule regulating future teacher preparation programs from Wash-ington, DC. This teacher preparation mandate ac-tually assumes that Washington bu-reaucrats are competent to micro-manage teacher training programs across America. There are 27,000 such programs, by the way, and this micro-management is absurd. We all agree that education matters, that teachers matter, that teacher training programs matter, and that kids are the future of our country, but I ask my colleagues to acknowledge the expertise and to re-spect the reforms already begun at the district and State levels and to reverse this misguided Federal regulation of teacher preparation programs. I would like to close by reading sev-eral quotations from those who would have been affected by this regulation had it gone into effect. This first quotation comes from the American Federation of Teachers. Their public statement on the final rule, on October 12, 2016, reads as fol-lows: 
It is, quite simply, ludicrous to propose evaluating teacher preparation programs based on the performance of the students taught by those program’s graduates. Frank-ly, the only conceivable reason the depart-ment would release regulations so out of sync with the Every Student Succeeds Act and President Obama’s own call to reduce high-stakes testing is they are simply check-ing off their bucket list of outstanding issues before the end of their term. The final regulations could harm students who benefit the most from consistent, high- quality standards for teacher preparation programs. The regulations will create enor-mous difficulty for teacher prep programs and place an unnecessary burden on institu-tions and states, which are also in the proc-ess of implementing ESSA. 
My second quotation comes from the comments of the provost and the chair of the Department of Education at Creighton University in Omaha, NE, dated February 2, 2015, of the comment period: 
As stated earlier, the regulations represent a significant financial burden to institu-tions, local school systems, and states. In the state of Nebraska, there are over 500 in-dividual teacher preparation ‘‘programs’’ subject to the complexities of these regula-tions. 
Again, these regulations are 700 pages. 
Even as a system is developed, issues re-garding privacy, low numbers, and student demographics would impact results unfairly and result in decisions unlikely to improve teacher preparation programs and student learning at PK–12 schools [in Nebraska]. 
My third and final quotation comes from the Association of Independent Colleges and Universities of Nebraska, and they wrote the Department of Edu-cation about this rule as follows: 
[T]he budgetary impact of this regulation is significantly understated, if not laughable. No financial support for states, school sys-tems, or institutions of higher education to implement the requirements is proposed. The regulations create new requirements for colleges, schools, and states to track and re-port on candidates and teachers for many years. Those systems are not in place. The cost estimates make inaccurate assumptions that colleges and states already have the systems in place for collecting, analyzing, reporting, and utilizing data (federally-man-dated data which may or may not be valid or reliable for the purposes for which it is in-tended to be used). It also provides a timeline that is unworkable for most states and institutions. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the following statements and letters be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From www.aft.org, Oct. 12, 2016] AFT’
SWEINGARTEN ON TEACHER  P
REPARATION PROGRAMS REGULATIONS  W
ASHINGTON —Statement from American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten on the Department of Edu-cation’s final regulations for teacher prepa-ration programs. ‘‘It is, quite simply, ludicrous to propose evaluating teacher preparation programs based on the performance of the students taught by a program’s graduates. Frankly, the only conceivable reason the department would release regulations so out of sync with the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) and President Obama’s own call to reduce high- stakes testing is that they are simply check-ing off their bucket list of outstanding issues before the end of their term. ‘‘The final regulations could harm students who would benefit the most from consistent, high-quality standards for teacher prepara-tion programs. The regulations will create enormous difficulty for teacher prep pro-grams and place an unnecessary burden on institutions and states, which are also in the process of implementing ESSA. ‘‘Instead of designing a system to support and improve teacher prep programs, the reg-ulations build on the now-rejected high- stakes testing system established under NCLB and greatly expanded under this ad-ministration’s Race to the Top and waiver programs. It’s stunning that the department would evaluate teaching colleges based on the academic performance of the students of their graduates when ESSA—enacted by large bipartisan majorities in both the House and Senate last December—prohibited the department from requiring school districts to do that kind of teacher evaluation. ‘‘Teacher prep programs need to help en-sure that teachers are ready to engage their students in powerful learning and creating an environment that is conducive to learn-ing. These regulations will not help achieve that goal. These regulations do not address ways to help the current status of the teach-ing profession: the shortages, the lack of di-versity or the high turnover. ‘‘While the department has made minor tweaks, the flawed framework remains the same. The regulations will punish teacher prep programs whose graduates go on to teach in our highest-needs schools, most often those with high concentrations of stu-dents who live in poverty and English lan-guage learners—the exact opposite strategy of what we need. As we brought up in Janu-ary 2015—in our comments to the depart-ment’s proposal—if programs are rated as the department proposes, teacher prep schools will have incentive to steer grad-uates away from assignments in our tough-est schools, and that will only make matters worse. ‘‘If we want to get it right, we should look to countries like Finland, where prospective teachers receive extensive training in their subject matter and teaching strategies com-bined with clinical training. Finland has no alternative prep programs. Programs are highly selective and free of cost; their grad-uates go on to work in supportive, profes-sional environments with strong unions, fair pay and benefits, and without high-stakes testing.’’ 
OFFICE OF THE PROVOST , C
REIGHTON UNIVERSITY  Omaha, NE, February 2, 2015. Re Docket ID ED–2014–OPE–0057. Hon. A
RNEDUNCAN , Secretary, U.S. Department of Education, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY DUNCAN : We would like to introduce ourselves. Our names are Edward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.031 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1665 March 8, 2017 
O’Connor, Provost, and Debra L. Ponec, Pro-fessor and Chair in the Education Depart-ment at Creighton University, which is lo-cated in Omaha, Nebraska. We are respond-ing to the U.S. Department of Education’s proposed regulations for teacher preparation programs released in the Notice of Proposed Rule Making (NPRM) on December 3, 2014. Like other teacher preparation programs in institutions of higher education through-out the nation, the Education Department at Creighton University embraces account-ability for our work. The faculty are eager to learn more about the effectiveness of our graduates and seek continual program im-provement to ensure their profession-readi-ness in the classroom. Our preparation pro-grams currently employ accountability mechanisms such as these: National and state accreditation Praxis II testing Survey data from graduates and employers Feedback from PK–12 school partners and Advisory Boards Continuous Review of Programs The institution’s teacher preparation pro-grams also undergo continual reform influ-enced by the effective practice, feedback from our K–12 partners, local and national workforce demands, new requirements from our legislature and state, new professional standards for preparation, and funding to support new initiatives. The Education De-partment at Creighton University has devel-oped partnerships with public and private schools where instruction and clinical prac-tice are on-site; integrated ‘‘best practices’’ into evidence-based teacher preparation; placed students in high need, diverse settings for clinical practice throughout the program; and provided data on the impact of our pro-grams on our website. Our programs have a documented high placement and retention rate for our graduates. Our teacher prepara-tion program actively supports account-ability mechanisms that are fair, trans-parent, valid, reliable, feasible, and useful for program improvement. The proposed reg-ulations initiated by the U. S. Department of Education do not meet these criteria. Overall, if these proposed regulations were adopted, they would draw energy, funding, and attention away from innovative reforms, proven accountability initiatives, and over-all program improvement currently under way in teacher preparation programs across the country. Some of the specific areas of concern are as follows: The specific requirements outlined in the proposal usurp the rights of the state and higher education institutions to determine what indicators identify proficiency of teacher education graduates and their prepa-ration programs. This unfunded mandate represents a significant financial burden to institutions, local school systems, and states. The costs of implementing these reg-ulations have been woefully underestimated with the understanding that no federal fund-ing would be available to move the proposed regulations forward. The proposed regula-tions require data systems to track and re-port on teacher education candidate effec-tiveness for multiple years. Many states do not possess the technology capacity to de-velop highly sophisticated data collection systems which will collect, analyze, report, and utilize this data in a meaningful man-ner. The proposed regulations have generally not been tested for validity and reliability, and attaching high-stakes consequences at this point is of significant concern. For ex-ample, using PK–12 student academic achievement and growth to evaluate teacher performance is questioned by leading re-search organizations and education scholars as having questionable validity and reli-ability for making teacher effectiveness de-cisions. Utilizing this approach of evaluating teacher performance to his/her teacher prep-aration institution is an even weaker link given the largely unknown impacts such as implications of time and place of employ-ment and teacher preparation influence. The lack of a scientifically acceptable basis for using student achievement as a rating for program performance, even if the cost and burden were low, makes this indicator unrea-sonable. In addition, evidence that ACT/SAT/ GPA scores are a reliable indicator of teach-er effectiveness is equally questionable. Cap-stone assessments, which are being imple-mented in very limited ways are still incon-clusive in their outcomes as measuring teacher quality. As stated earlier, the regulations represent a significant financial burden to institu-tions, local school systems, and states. In the state of Nebraska, there are over 500 in-dividual teacher preparation ‘programs’ sub-ject to the complexities of these regulations. Even as a system is developed issues regard-ing privacy, low numbers, and student demo-graphics would impact results unfairly and result in decisions unlikely to improve teacher preparation programs and student learning at PK–12 schools. The regulations focus on placement, reten-tion, and performance with PK–12 students has significant potential to become a dis-incentive to encourage candidates to seek placements in areas of high-need. This ideal conflicts with our mission statement and preparation which seeks to lead students to work with the underrepresented, disenfranchised, and poor. Our teacher prepa-ration candidates are well-prepared, how-ever, the potential of a teacher preparation program being rated on test scores of high- needs students will cause any institution pause. With lack of control of the experience of the teachers once employed and no assur-ance of resources to provide the supports for candidates in high-need schools, it is unrea-sonable to compare these candidates with candidates in non high-need situations. The proposed timeline is unreasonable and unrealistic. Those states piloting connecting teacher effectiveness to student achievement are still under development and are experi-encing many ethical and legal challenges as they seek to implement the requirements. Attaching outcomes to national accredita-tion is also problematic in that the new CAEP accreditation standards are not fully implemented and accreditation processes using the new standards will not officially be required until the Fall of 2016. The timeline presented in the proposed regulations would include piloting additional reporting require-ments for the 2016–17 academic year which is unrealistic to meet significantly increased reporting elements, creation of new data sys-tems, delivery of in-service and technical as-sistance systems for institutions and schools, and lack of new resources with which to accomplish the unfunded mandates. The proposed regulations do not consider or support the philosophy that quality edu-cation requires a systemic approach. Factors such as student demographics, preschool learning opportunities, poverty and other so-cial factors are not controlled by PK–12 schools or teacher preparation experiences. Other quality indicators such as equitable funding, strong curriculum standards, focus on providing opportunity—access—success for all students, and quality assessment which all contribute to PK–12 student learn-ing are not controlled by teacher preparation programs. Therefore equating PK–12 student performance to the quality of a teacher prep-aration program is unfair and unreasonable. However, dedication to strong commitments and collaborative partnerships by educator preparation programs and school systems impact the development of exemplary edu-cators for the future. Thank you for allowing us to address our concerns. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. O’C ONNOR , PhD, FACHE, Provost. D
EBRA L. P ONEC , EdD, NCC, Professor and Chair, Education Department. 
ASSOCIATION OF INDEPENDENT COL-
LEGES AND UNIVERSITIES OF NE-
BRASKA , LINCOLN , NE, J ANUARY  29, 2015. Re Comments Regarding Proposed Regula-tions, 34 CFR Parts 612 and 686; Teacher Preparation Issues. S
OPHIA MCARDLE , U.S. Department of Education, Washington, DC. D
EAR MS. MCARDLE : I am writing as the representative of the private, non-profit, re-gionally accredited colleges and universities in Nebraska with teacher education pro-grams. While we laud the US Department of Education in its efforts to improve the qual-ity of K–12 and higher education in the United States, we believe there are portions of the proposed regulation that are troubling to our institutions. First, Nebraska is a state that prides itself on local control in education matters. De-spite the rhetoric about allowing states to use their own measures of student growth, this proposed regulation mandates states that do not already use value-added meas-ures of student learning in their teacher as-sessments to do so. It provides for federally- mandated state indicators of quality for teacher preparation program assessments. This is a significant expansion of the federal role in its oversight of the states’ responsi-bility for the education of its young people, and is inappropriate. Second, the budgetary impact of this regu-lation is significantly understated, if not laughable. No financial support for states, school systems, or institutions of higher edu-cation to implement the requirements is pro-posed. The regulations create requirements for colleges, schools, and states to track and report on candidates and teachers for many years. Those systems are not in place. The cost estimates make inaccurate assumptions that colleges and states already have the systems in place for collecting, analyzing, reporting, and utilizing data (federally-man-dated data which may or may not be valid or reliable for the purposes for which it is in-tended to be used). It also provides a timeline that is unworkable for most states and institutions. The January 2, 2015 letter from the Amer-ican Council of Education and twenty-three other association signatories to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs points out the significant understatement of OMB’s estimate of the costs of implementing the proposed regulation by states and IHE’s. Most of the teacher preparation programs that I represent are very small, and the im-pact on them will be disproportionately large from a cost standpoint. The Depart-ment cannot talk about tuition containment from one side of its mouth and take actions that will exacerbate tuition hikes out of the other side. Third, while teacher preparation is one fac-tor in secondary student performance, it is not the only factor. Demographics, family income, school facilities, parental support, and other non-preparation issues have im-pacts on student performance. This proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.004 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1666 March 8, 2017 
regulation may have unintended con-sequences that the USDOE should consider. Why would an IHE place a first-year student in a ‘‘troubled’’ school district or building, where he or she might be less likely to con-tinue in a teaching career, when a ‘‘safer’’ placement would make that continuance more likely? Ergo, a higher rating for the IHE, the students in the program would not be at risk to lose Title IV funds or Teach Grants, and other positives for the college. On the other hand, a school district or build-ing might lose the services of an outstanding first-year teacher which it really needs. Finally, attributing financial aid-eligi-bility on institutional ratings based on re-search that may or may not be valid is irre-sponsible and bad public policy. It will hinder enrollment to students who could be-come outstanding teachers, but may have to overcome hurdles in order to do so. This reg-ulation will give IHE’s less incentive to en-roll those types of students. For these reasons, we believe the proposed regulations should be reconsidered and a new negotiated rulemaking convened, with pro-posed regulations that take into account the myriad of comments received by the USDOE from states, institutions of higher education, and associations relating to these proposed regulations. Thank you for your consider-ation. Sincerely, T
HOMAS O’NEILL, JR., President. Comments submitted by Nebraskans: —Malinda Eccarius, University of Ne-braska, Lincoln on Apr. 27, 2016: https:// www.regulations.gov/document?D=ED-2014- OPE-0057-4855 —Debra Ponec, Creighton University on Feb. 4, 2015: https://www.regulations.gov/doc-ument?D=ED-2014-OPE-0057-4364 —Lixin Ren, Doctoral Student, University of Nebraska–Lincoln on Feb. 4, 2015: https:// www.regulations.gov/document?D=ED-2014- OPE-0057-4246 —Don Jackson, President of Hasting Col-lege on Feb. 4, 2015: https:// www.regulations.gov/document?D=ED-2014- OPE-0057-4231 —Thomas O’Neill, President of Association of Independent Colleges and Universities of Nebraska on Feb. 4, 2015: https:// www.regulations.gov/document?D=ED-2014- OPE-0057-4541 —Sharon Katt, Matthew L. Blomstedt, and Scott Swisher of Nebraska Department of Education on Feb. 4, 2015: https:// www.regulations.gov/document?D=ED-2014- OPE-0057-3887 —Marjorie Kostelnik, University of Ne-braska, Lincoln on Feb. 4, 2015: https:// www.regulations.gov/document?D=ED-2014- OPE-0057-3511 —Ronald Bork, Associate Dean, Head of Teacher Education at Concordia University, Nebraska on Jan. 26, 2015: https:// www.regulations.gov/document?D=ED-2014- OPE-0057-1997 
Mr. SASSE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all time on the joint resolution has expired. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. SASSE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. ISAKSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 59, nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 83 Leg.] YEAS—59 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—40 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Isakson 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 58) was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION—MOTION TO PRO-CEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 57. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 57, a joint resolution providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the De-partment of Education relating to account-ability and State plans under the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I wish to address the resolution the Sen-ate is now considering. In 2015, 85 U.S. Senators voted for the law fixing No Child Left Behind, which reversed the trend to a national school board and restored decisions to class-room teachers, local school boards, and States. The Wall Street Journal said it was the ‘‘largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quarter of a century.’’ The Department of Education regula-tion this resolution seeks to overturn does exactly the reverse. It begins to restore the national school board, and it takes away responsibilities from classroom teachers, local school boards, and States. It does this in di-rect violation of the law that 85 Sen-ators voted for just 15 months ago. So the question before us, today, is not only whether we believe in a national school board or local school boards. More important, perhaps, the question is: who writes the law? Does the U.S. Congress write the law, or does the U.S. Department of Education write the law? Article I of the U.S. Constitu-tion says that the Congress, elected by the people, writes the law. The purpose of this resolution is to overturn a regulation of the Depart-ment of Education that in 7 cases di-rectly violates the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act, passed just 15 months ago, and in 16 other cases exceeds the au-thority allowed by that law. This regulation would say to States: Ignore the law 85 Senators passed 15 months ago. Ignore the law that Presi-dent Obama called a Christmas mir-acle. Ignore the law that Governors, teachers, school boards, and super-intendents all supported, and even ig-nore why they supported it. Instead, listen to the unelected bureaucrats at the U.S. Department of Education. This regulation issued by the Depart-ment of Education specifically does things or requires States to do things that Congress said, in our law fixing No Child Left Behind, that the Depart-ment of Education cannot do. There-fore, it violates the law. In this law, Congress said to the De-partment: You cannot tell States ex-actly what to do about fixing low-per-forming schools; that is a State deci-sion. But this regulation does that any-way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.005 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1667 March 8, 2017 
Congress said to the Department: You cannot tell States exactly how to rate the public schools in your State. But this regulation does that anyway. This is not a minor matter. The remarkable consensus that de-veloped in the 2015 bill in support of fixing No Child Left Behind was to re-verse the trend toward a national school board and restore to States, classroom teachers, and school boards decisions about what to do about their children in 100,000 public schools. Teachers, Governors, and school board members were fed up with Washington telling them so much about what to do about the children in their schools. So this regulation, which contravenes the law specifically, goes to the heart of the bill fixing No Child Left Behind. It is very unusual in Federal law to specifically prohibit a department from regulating on an issue, but that is ex-actly what Congress did in 2015. Here are seven specific examples of how the regulation which we seek to overturn violates prohibitions that Congress ex-plicitly wrote into the law: No. 1, the regulation prescribes the long-term goals and measurements of progress that States establish for stu-dent subgroups. The law says, for example, that the Secretary may not tell a State that goals set for students of one race must improve their progress 20 percent bet-ter than the progress of a group of stu-dents of another race. Yet the regula-tion says that States must establish goals and measurements for lower per-forming subgroups who ‘‘require great-er rates of improvement,’’ which would necessarily mean that students of one race would have to do better than stu-dents of another race. No. 2, the regulation requires feder-ally prescribed actions to be taken in schools that do not annually test at least 95 percent of students. The law says that States must annu-ally test not less than 95 percent of all students and each subgroup of stu-dents, but States determine how to hold schools accountable for ensuring that 95 percent of students participate on annual tests. The law says that the Secretary of Education may not pre-scribe ‘‘the way in which the State fac-tors’’ the 95 percent testing require-ment into their accountability system. Yet the regulation we seek to overturn prescribes four different specific ways that States must take action in schools that miss the 95 percent re-quirement. No. 3, the regulation prescribes that schools with consistently underper-forming subgroups of students be iden-tified with a lower summative deter-mination. The law says that States are required to identify schools for targeted support when a subgroup of students is ‘‘con-sistently underperforming’’ in a man-ner ‘‘as determined by the state.’’ So under the law, the Secretary can’t tell States how to identify the lowest per-forming schools or what a school’s rat-ing should be. Yet the regulation we are seeking to overturn says that States are required to ‘‘demonstrate that a school with a consistently underperforming subgroup . . . receive a lower summative determination. . . . than it would have otherwise re-ceived.’’ The Department of Education is meddling into the methodology of school ratings again, despite the fact that Congress said it could not. No. 4, the regulation prescribes the timeline for identifying schools with consistently underperforming sub-groups. The law says that States are required to identify schools for targeted support when a subgroup of students is ‘‘con-sistently underperforming’’ in a man-ner ‘‘as determined by the state.’’ We had lengthy discussions about this. These issues in education are filled with conflict and filled with dif-ferent opinions. I said many times dur-ing the debate that working on an edu-cation bill in the Senate is kind of like being in a football stadium on game day at Penn State or the University of Tennessee: Everybody in the stands has played football, and they know what play to call, and they usually do. So everybody had a point. We had to work these things out and we wrote down carefully the agreement we had. We wrote down that the Secretary of Edu-cation may not impose new require-ments or criteria on State account-ability systems, such as a timeline for the identification of lowest performing schools. Yet the regulation prescribes an exact timeline of 2 years. No. 5, the regulation requires States to resubmit their plans to the Sec-retary every 4 years. The law says that each State plan ‘‘shall . . . be periodically reviewed and revised as necessary by the State edu-cational agency.’’ Yet the regulation says States must review and revise their State plans ‘‘at least once every four years’’ and ‘‘submit its revisions to the Secretary for review and ap-proval.’’ No. 6, the regulation dictates exactly how school districts with significant numbers of low-performing schools must measure resources for students. The law says States must ‘‘periodi-cally review resource allocation to sup-port school improvement’’ in districts that are serving a significant number of low-performing schools. The law says the Secretary cannot tell States what to review. Yet the regulation says that in addressing resource inequities, States must review differences in the following: rates of ineffective, out-of- field, or inexperienced teachers; access to advanced coursework; access to full- day kindergarten and preschool pro-grams; access to specialized instruc-tional support personnel; and per-pupil expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds. But the law said the Secretary could not tell States what to review. No. 7, the regulation tells States how to count students in subgroups. The law says each State decides the minimum number of students who should be included in the State’s count of subgroups. So, a State might decide that for students to be included in the State’s subgroup data, there needs to be at least 35 students, for example, of a subgroup in a school. The law says the Secretary may not impose new re-quirements or criteria on State ac-countability systems. Yet the regula-tion we are seeking to overturn says States must pick a number below 30 or States will have to explain themselves to the Secretary. That is in violation of a specific prohibition passed by this body with 85 votes and signed by the President of the United States. Those are seven ways the regulation specifically violates prohibitions in the law that were intended to keep the Secretary from doing what the Sec-retary then turned around and did. Here are 16 more ways the regulation exceeds the authority of the U.S. De-partment of Education. To some, this may seem minor. To some, it may seem dull. It is not dull to me. I don’t think it is dull to most Senators. Article I of the Constitution isn’t dull. We are elected to write the laws, and anytime we turn over to somebody else—wheth-er it is the court, whether it is the ex-ecutive branch—that constitutional prerogative, we violate our oath, in my opinion. No. 1, the regulation limits how States measure school quality or stu-dent success. The law says States must include at least one measure of school quality or student success that has to be ‘‘valid, reliable, comparable, and statewide.’’ The Secretary cannot tell States what measures to use in their State ac-countability system. Yet the regula-tion tells States they can only choose indicators that meet the criteria the Department came up with. No. 2, the regulation limits how States measure school quality or stu-dent success for indicators used specifi-cally in high school. The law says States must include at least one measure of school quality or student success, specific to high schools, and it has to be ‘‘valid, reli-able, comparable, and statewide.’’ The Secretary cannot tell States what measures to use in their State account-ability system. Yet the regulation tells States they can only choose indicators that meet criteria the Department came up with. No. 3, the regulation tells schools marked as low-performing that they will always be low-performing unless they improve on indicators the U.S. Department of Education has identi-fied. The law says something different. The law says that tests and graduation rates have to count more in the State accountability systems than indicators of school quality or student success. The Secretary of Education may not prescribe ‘‘the weight of any measure or indicator used to identify or mean-ingfully differentiate schools.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.036 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1668 March 8, 2017 
The regulation says that a low-per-forming school must continue to be identified as low-performing unless it improves on tests and graduation rates, even if the school is making sig-nificant progress on other measures of school quality or student success, such as, for example, absenteeism or family engagement, something chosen by the State. No. 4, the regulation requires school districts where schools aren’t testing 95 percent of students to develop and implement a Federal improvement plan. The law says States must annually test not less than 95 percent of all stu-dents and each subgroup of students. The law leaves it to States to deter-mine what to do in school districts with schools that are failing to meet the participation requirement. Yet the regulation tells States how to address school districts where schools aren’t testing 95 percent of students. It in-vents out of whole cloth the idea of a Federal improvement plan, and then it mandates it. No. 5, similarly, the regulation re-quires schools that aren’t testing 95 percent of students to develop and im-plement a Federal improvement plan. The law says that States must annu-ally test not less than 95 percent of all students and each subgroup of stu-dents. The law leaves it to States to determine what to do in schools that are failing to meet the participation requirement. Yet the regulation tells States how to address schools that aren’t testing 95 percent of students. Again, it invents out of whole cloth the idea of a Federal improvement plan with four federally prescribed ele-ments, and then it mandates it. No. 6, the regulation tells States how to measure high school graduation rates. The law says each State will estab-lish long-term goals for ‘‘all students and each subgroup of students in the State,’’ including the goal of high school graduation rates using either the ‘‘four-year adjusted cohort gradua-tion rate’’ or ‘‘at the State’s discre-tion, the extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate.’’ Yet the regulation says States can only use the four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate to identify low-performing schools in their accountability systems. You can see that throughout these examples there appears to be a delib-erate attempt by the Department of Education not to interpret the law but to ignore the law or, specifically, to contravene the law, to thumb the nose of regulation writers at the Congress and the President who passed and signed the law. No. 7, the regulation requires each State to come up with a definition for an ‘‘ineffective teacher.’’ The law says each State will describe how low-in-come and minority children enrolled in schools are not served at dispropor-tionate rates by ineffective teachers. Yet the regulations says States have to define ‘‘ineffective teachers.’’ It is going to make it nearly impossible for States not to implement an entire teacher evaluation system. No. 8, in the same way, the regula-tion requires each State to come up with a definition of an ‘‘out-of-field teacher.’’ That is what the regulation does, but the law just says States will describe how low-income and minority children enrolled in schools are not served at disproportionate rates by ‘‘out-of-field teachers.’’ The regulation says you have to define that. No. 9, the regulation requires each State to come up with a definition for an ‘‘inexperienced teacher.’’ The law simply says a State will de-scribe how low-income and minority children are not served at dispropor-tionate rates by ‘‘inexperienced teach-ers.’’ Yet the regulation goes on to re-quire a definition. No. 10, the regulation tells States to report on the number and percentage of all students and subgroups of students who are not included in the State’s ac-countability system. The law says each State will report a clear and concise description of the State’s accountability system, includ-ing the minimum number of students that the State determines are nec-essary to be included in each of the subgroups of students. Yet the regula-tion requires States to provide new in-formation outside of the scope of what is required by the law. No. 11, the regulation tells States how to rate schools and that the State accountability system has to produce a single rating for each school. That was not envisioned by the law. The law says that States must create a system of evaluating all public schools in the State. It says, further, that the Secretary of Education may not pre-scribe the specific methodology used by States to evaluate schools. Yet the regulation tells States that the results must lead to a ‘‘single summative de-termination’’ for each school. A State might choose to do that or a State might choose not to do that. That was the decision of the Congress, but the Department decided dif-ferently. No. 12, the regulation adds a require-ment that the State’s accountability system has to include at least three levels of performance. The law says that States have the flexibility to establish a system of meaningful differentiation of schools without any parameters or federally prescribed methodology. That couldn’t be clearer—without any parameters or federally described methodology. Yet the regulation prescribes a require-ment that States use at least three dis-tinct levels of performance for schools. No. 13, the regulation prescribes when schools may exit from identifica-tion as the lowest-performing. The law says States must establish statewide criteria for schools to exit from being identified as in need of im-provement. The law says that the Sec-retary of Education may not prescribe what the exit criteria are. That is a de-cision left up to States, but the regula-tion narrows the States’ ability to de-velop their own criteria for schools to no longer be identified as the lowest performing. No. 14, the regulation prescribes how States intervene in school districts with schools that are labeled as the lowest-performing. The law says that if a low-performing school does not meet a State’s criteria for no longer being identified as lowest-performing, then the State must take a ‘‘more rigorous State-determined action.’’ The Sec-retary of Education cannot prescribe, under the law, any specific strategies to improve schools. Yet the regulation requires the State to tell school dis-tricts to take interventions the De-partment has prescribed. No. 15, the regulation prescribes how school districts intervene in schools that are labeled as low-performing. The law says if a low-performing school does not meet statewide criteria for no longer being identified as low-est-performing, the State must take a ‘‘more rigorous State-determined ac-tion.’’ The Secretary cannot prescribe any specific strategies to improve schools. Yet the regulation requires a school to take federally prescribed ac-tions. We have already tried Federal one- size-fits-all actions under the School Improvement Grant program in No Child Left Behind. We rejected that. We don’t think Washington should be in the business of telling schools how to fix themselves. Finally, No. 16, the regulation limits how States award school improvement funding to school districts and schools. The law says States must establish the method they will use to award school improvement funding to school districts. The regulation dictates to States how much they have to award to low-performing schools receiving school improvement funds. Here is what this resolution over-turning the regulation would do. The resolution would ensure that the law fixing No Child Left Behind is imple-mented as Congress wrote it. The regu-lation violates the law and its clear prohibitions on the Secretary by pre-scribing new requirements through reg-ulation or as a condition of a State plan approval. In the law we passed, Congress reached an agreement about requiring States to identify a certain number and types of schools that need to be improved, but we left it to the States to determine how to go about fixing those schools and how long they had to fix the schools. The regulation pre-scribes how States and school districts intervene in and improve schools that do not improve. Secondly, this resolution restores State flexibility. The regulation is in direct conflict with the intent of the law to allow States and school districts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.038 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1669 March 8, 2017 
to have greater flexibility to imple-ment the law, as Congress intended. Congress reached an agreement that there are some essential elements of a State accountability plan that need to be included in a State plan. The other half of the agreement was that we left to the States the decisions about how to include these factors into their ac-countability systems. This is about ar-ticle I of the Constitution. Congress wrote the law with specific rules in mind. The Secretary of Edu-cation and his or her bureaucracy do not get to treat Congress as a minor impediment to the education system of their choosing. If they want to write the laws of the land, they should run for Congress and get themselves elect-ed, draft a bill or an amendment—not wait for Congress to finish our work and try to undo it through a simple regulation. This resolution, overturning the reg-ulation, would preserve local decision- making. As I mentioned, the Wall Street Journal editorialized, when we passed the law, that it was ‘‘the largest devolution of Federal control to States in a quarter-century.’’ The regulation tried to restore Wash-ington, DC, decision-making with man-dates that States comply with specific requirements instead of letting States determine how to best proceed. This resolution scuttles new and bur-densome reporting requirements. The regulation created new reporting re-quirements on States and school dis-tricts that will drive up compliance costs and divert resources away from students and classrooms. Let me conclude by dealing with some of the arguments and misin-formation that I have been hearing about the resolution. No. 1, I want to make clear that this resolution over-turning the regulation strengthens ac-countability in our public schools the way Congress determined to do it in the law fixing No Child Left Behind. We transferred most of that responsi-bility for accountability from Wash-ington, DC, to States and local school boards. We did not want a national school board. The law also includes Federal guard-rails to ensure a quality, public edu-cation for all students, including, for example, requiring States to identify and provide support to low-performing schools—at least the lowest performing bottom 5 percent of each State’s schools—and requiring academic and English language proficiency indica-tors to be included in each State’s ac-countability system. The law’s Federal guardrails will shape how States design their accountability systems because a State plan would not be following the law if the State fails to include ac-countability provisions in their plan. The repeal of this regulation does not let States—the ones who are supposed to be addressing accountability—off the hook by any means. Repealing this regulation simply ensures that indi-vidual States and their Governors, leg-islators, chief State school officers, local school boards, superintendents, principals, parents, and classroom teachers are responsible for these deci-sions. This resolution, overturning the reg-ulation, will allow States to implement the new law on the existing timeline to submit their plans and have the De-partment review and approve State plans. U.S. Education Secretary DeVos has said that she favors the current timeline, the one established by former Secretary King. She said this at her confirmation hearing before our com-mittee. She confirmed that again after taking office. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that Secretary DeVos’s letter of February 10 to the Chief State School Officers outlining the timeline be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FEBRUARY 10, 2017. D
EARCHIEF STATE SCHOOL OFFICER : Thank you for the important work you and stake-holders in your State are engaged in to de-velop new State plans and transition to the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), which reauthorized the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA). I am writing today to assure you that I fully intend to im-plement and enforce the statutory require-ments of the ESSA. Additionally, I want to provide you with an update on the timeline, procedures, and criteria under which a State Educational Agency (SEA) may submit a State plan, including a consolidated State plan, to the Department. States should con-tinue to follow the timeline for developing and submitting their State plans to the De-partment for review and approval. On November 29, 2016, the Department issued final regulations regarding statewide accountability systems and data reporting under Title I of the ESEA, as amended by the ESSA, and the preparation of State plans, including consolidated State plans. However, in accordance with the memo-randum of January 20, 2017, from the Assist-ant to the President and Chief of Staff, titled ‘‘Regulatory Freeze Pending Review,’’ pub-lished in the Federal Register on January 24, 2017, the Department has delayed the effec-tive date of regulations concerning account-ability and State plans under the ESSA until March 21, 2017, to permit further review for questions of law and policy that the regula-tions might raise. Additionally, Congress is currently considering a joint resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act (CRA) (5 U.S.C. 801808) to overturn these regulations. If a resolution of disapproval is enacted, these regulations ‘‘shall have no force or effect.’’ In a Dear Colleague Letter dated November 29, 2016, the Department notified SEAs that it would accept consolidated State plans on two dates: April 3 or September 18, 2017. The Department also released a Consolidated State Plan Template that States were re-quired to use if they submit a consolidated State plan. Due to the regulatory delay and review, and the potential repeal of recent regulations by Congress, the Department is currently reviewing the regulatory require-ments of consolidated State plans, as re-flected in the current template, to ensure that they require only descriptions, informa-tion, assurances, and other materials that are ‘‘absolutely necessary’’ for consideration of a consolidated State plan, consistent with section 8302(b)(3) of the ESEA. In doing so, the Department, in consultation with SEAs as well as other State and local stake-holders, will develop a revised template for consolidated State plans that meets the ‘‘ab-solutely necessary’’ requirement by March 13, 2017. The Department may also consider allowing a State or group of States to work together to develop a consolidated State plan template that meets the Department’s identified requirements through the Council of Chief State School Officers. The regulatory delay and review, and the potential repeal of recent regulations by Congress, should not adversely affect or delay the progress that States have already made in developing their State plans and transitioning to the ESSA. The Department will be notifying States and the public of the revised template once it becomes available. In the meantime, States should continue their work in engaging with stakeholders and developing their plans based on the re-quirements under section 8302(b)(3) of the ESEA. In doing so, States may consider using the existing template as a guide, as any revised template will not result in de-scriptions, information, assurances, or other materials that States will be required to pro-vide other than those already required under the ESEA. The Department will still accept consolidated State plans on April 3 or Sep-tember 18, 2017. For your reference, the following programs may be included in a consolidated State plan: Title I, part A: Improving Basic Programs Operated by Local Educational Agencies; Title I, part C: Education of Migratory Children; Title I, part D: Prevention and Interven-tion Programs for Children and Youth Who Are Neglected, Delinquent, or At-Risk; Title II, part A: Supporting Effective In-struction; Title III, part A: English Language Acqui-sition, Language Enhancement, and Aca-demic Achievement Act; Title IV, part A: Student Support and Aca-demic Enrichment Grants; Title IV, part B: 21st Century Community Learning Centers; and Title V, part B, subpart 2: Rural and Low- Income School Program. In addition, pursuant to ESEA section 8302(a)(1)(B), I am designating the Education for Homeless Children and Youths program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act as a pro-gram that may be included in an SEA’s con-solidated State plan. I appreciate the hard work and thoughtful attention you are giving to implementing the ESEA, as amended by the ESSA. I under-stand that a great deal of work has already gone into the planning and preparation of your State plans, whether that is a consoli-dated State plan or individual program plans. One of my main priorities as Sec-retary is to ensure that States and local school districts have clarity during the early implementation of the law. Additionally, I want to ensure that regulations comply with the requirements of the law, provide the State and local flexibility that Congress in-tended, and do not impose unnecessary bur-dens. In the near future, the Department will provide more information on its review of existing regulations, as well as additional guidance and technical assistance. We have a unique opportunity as we imple-ment the ESSA. I look forward to working with you, districts, and parents to ensure every child has the opportunity to pursue ex-cellence and achieve their hopes and dreams. Sincerely, B
ETSY DEVOS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.039 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1670 March 8, 2017 
Mr. ALEXANDER. So there is no confusion, let me clearly state what that timeline is. No. 1, States should continue to submit State account-ability plans by the April or September 2017 deadlines. No. 2, States should con-tinue to implement a State account-ability system in the 2017–2018 school year. No. 3, States should continue to identify the lowest performing schools in need of comprehensive support and improvement by the beginning of the 2018–2019 school year. To write these plans, States need simply to consult the law. The Every Student Succeeds Act requires States to submit a plan for peer review and approval by Secretary DeVos and the Education Department. The Depart-ment is committed to working with States by providing technical assist-ance, issuing non-regulatory guidance and other support materials. If questions arise, there are a variety of ways to answer the questions. The Department will continue to provide States with clarification on how to comply with the law through the use of non-regulatory guidance, ‘‘Dear Col-league’’ letters, frequently asked ques-tions documents, webinars, phone calls, and in-person conferences. In other words, if there are any questions about how to comply with the new law, there are plenty of ways for Chief State School Officers and others to ask the U.S. Department of Education to pro-vide the answers. It is important to emphasize that this resolution does not in any way give the Education Secretary a path to creating a new Federal voucher pro-gram. Some of my friends on the other side of this debate have been resorting to scare tactics and alleging Secretary DeVos will use this opportunity to reg-ulate into existence a mandate that State and local school districts adopt a school voucher program. The Secretary of Education does not have that power, and this Secretary of Education has said she does not want it. Secretary DeVos has repeatedly affirmed her op-position to federally mandating school choice, saying that she does ‘‘not and will not advocate for any Federal man-dates requiring vouchers. States should determine the mechanism of choice, if any.’’ A school choice program cannot be unilaterally created by the U.S. De-partment of Education. Only Congress could create a voucher program. I tried to do that on the floor of this Senate during the debate about fixing No Child Left Behind. I offered an amendment called Scholarships for Kids that would have allowed States to use existing Federal dollars to follow the children of low-income families to schools of their parents’ choice. Senator S
COTT of South Carolina offered a similar amendment, but only 45 Senators voted for our proposals. If you pay attention around here, you know that the most important things usually take 60 votes to gain approval. Also, the 2015 law that we passed ac-tually includes provisions that would prohibit the Secretary from man-dating, directing, or controlling a State, school district or school’s allo-cation of State or local resources, and it bars the Department of Education from requiring States and districts to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under the law—for example, vouchers. Now I agree that previous Secretaries of Education have imposed their own personal, policy preferences on States and school districts. I op-posed such mandates and worked against them. Congress writes the law, not the Secretary and not the bureauc-racy. Instead of using this scare tactic to rile up teachers and parents around the country, misleading them and con-fusing them about what the Secretary of Education might do, I would take that argument and turn it around. If Congress takes a stand here and now and says that this regulation exceeds the authority granted by Congress—the authority delegated to the Secretary of Education—because the Secretary im-posed conditions on States not allowed by the law, then that means any cur-rent or future Secretary of Education would be similarly prevented from im-posing their own conditions on States. So there could be no legal method of forcing States to adopt a voucher pro-gram, unless Congress passes a new law. There could be no legal method of reinterpreting the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act to impose the next good edu-cation idea—however well-intended— unless Congress acts first. The suggestion has been made that this new law requires regulations. This regulation is not required by the law. The law does not specifically call for accountability regulations. The law al-lows for accountability regulations, but ‘‘only to the extent that such regu-lations are necessary to ensure that there is compliance.’’ So there is no re-quirement for this regulation. It is al-lowed, but it is not required. Congress wrote prohibitions on the Secretary so that States would not be faced with a bunch of new mandates that ‘‘add new requirements that are inconsistent with or outside the scope’’ or ‘‘add new criteria that are incon-sistent with or outside the scope’’ or are ‘‘in excess of statutory authority granted to the Secretary.’’ That is what Congress did. In the law, we laid out requirements for State plans. States can simply follow the law. A regulation isn’t necessary. Future Secretaries will still be able to write regulations on this subject. Under the Congressional Review Act, which is the procedure under which we are operating, if Congress overturns a regulation—as I hope it will in this case—the Department of Education is prevented from making final a new reg-ulation that is ‘‘substantially the same’’ as the overturned regulation, unless Congress passes a new law to create an opportunity for that new reg-ulation. But no court has defined what ‘‘substantially the same’’ means. But the commonsense interpretation of that is very simple: The Department simply can’t turn right around and do the same thing Congress has just over-turned. It could do something else by regulation, but it could not do pre-cisely that. So this is a question of whether we are going to restore the national school board that 85 Senators voted to reverse 15 months ago. And this is also a ques-tion of whether you believe that the U.S. Congress writes the law or the U.S. Department of Education writes the law. I believe that under article I of our Constitution, the U.S. Congress writes the law, and when signed by the President, then that is the law. The regulations must stay within it, and that is especially true when Congress has written explicit prohibitions about what a Secretary may do and may not do. The remarkable consensus around the bill fixing No Child Left Behind was to reverse the trend to a national school board and restore to States, to classroom teachers, and to parents the decisions about what to do about their children in public schools. Teachers, Governors, school boards, and parents were all are fed up with Washington telling them so much about what to do with their children in 100,000 public schools. So this regulation, which con-travenes the law specifically, goes to the heart of the bill fixing No Child Left Behind, which received 85 votes here in the Senate. And this resolution to overturn that regulation upholds the law that received ‘‘aye’’ votes from those 85 Senators. I encourage my col-leagues to support this resolution and to vote aye one more time. I believe that overturning the regula-tion preserves the consensus and the compromise that we achieved when we enacted the law fixing No Child Left Behind. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today on behalf of stu-dents, parents, teachers, and commu-nities around the country to urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act and to op-pose this resolution today. This resolution will roll back a rule issued by the Department of Education that is critical to the effective and in-tended implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act, or ESSA. I am urging my fellow Senators to vote against this resolution for the fol-lowing reasons, and I will go through each one of them: First of all, this leg-islation will throw our States and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.041 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1671 March 8, 2017 
school districts into chaos just as they are beginning to implement our new law. Secondly, it will give Secretary DeVos a blank check to promote her anti-public school agenda. Third, pass-ing this resolution would be a retreat from the bipartisan law President Obama called a Christmas miracle, one that takes us down a strong partisan path instead, which could undermine ESSA’s civil rights protections and guardrails. But before I go into that, I want to remind my colleagues of what we are working on here and what this resolu-tion would unwind. As many of my col-leagues remember well, in 2015, the sen-ior Senator from Tennessee and I came together, with so many others in this body, to fix No Child Left Behind. We both agreed—in fact, nearly everyone in the country agreed—the law was badly broken. No Child Left Behind re-lied too much on high stakes standard-ized testing. It gave schools unrealistic goals but failed to give them the re-sources to meet those goals. And it in-cluded a one-size-fits-all punishment if those goals weren’t met. We knew overhauling our public edu-cation law was not going to be easy, but we took the time to listen to teachers, to parents, and to students around the country, to make sure their voices were heard. And I am proud that we were then able to break through the partisan gridlock in Congress, find common ground, and pass the Every Student Succeeds Act with strong bi-partisan support. After a major law like the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act passes, Federal agencies usually issue rules to imple-ment and clarify that law. The Every Student Succeeds Act maintains the Secretary’s authority to issue rules and clarifications that are consistent with the law. This rule before us today is consistent with ESSA, and it pro-vides important clarity to States, school districts, and schools. Using such a blunt instrument like this resolution to overturn the entire rule will be a retreat from bipartisan-ship. Here is how: This resolution would roll back a critical Department of Education rule that gives States more flexibility in key areas while at the same time maintaining strong Fed-eral guardrails to ensure our most vul-nerable children don’t fall through the cracks. This rule provides clarity on accountability, on reporting require-ments, and State plan requirements. It helps ensure that no student, no mat-ter where they live, can fall through those cracks. In other words, this is a rule that gets at the heart and soul of what we are trying to accomplish with our bipartisan law. The Department of Education did not simply come up with this rule on its own. It incorporated over 20,000 com-ments from education stakeholders, State chiefs, and district superintend-ents, many of whom—including the State chiefs and superintendents—ap-plauded the Department of Education for listening to their concerns and in-corporating those comments into the final rule that was then released last fall. During the debate around the Every Student Succeeds Act, there was some division about what accountability should mean in the law, but the final law showed that we can balance flexi-bility with strong Federal guardrails, until this point, when Republicans now want to tear down the rule that en-sures those guardrails go into effect. Now I want to get into some of the challenges that would be created if this resolution passes and this rule was eliminated. One important thing this rule did was clarify State submission plan requirements and set deadlines for the submission of those plans. Based on this, States have been working now with the Department of Education for months on their State plans. Approxi-mately 18 States and the District of Columbia intend to submit their plans in the beginning of April, but if this rule goes away now, if the rug gets pulled out from under these States, there could be chaos and confusion and the undermining of confidence in this new law. By the way, we are already seeing this start. In February, Secretary DeVos sent a letter to our State chiefs suggesting a new template for their State submission plans would be ‘‘com-ing,’’ even before the Senate voted on this resolution, and that the new tem-plate would be available less than a month before State plans are due. This could force those impacted States to abandon their plans and start from scratch, and it does not allow enough time for the stakeholder review process that is required in the law. So that is the first reason we should oppose this legislation because there is simply no reason to insert more chaos into a system that is finally settling into our new law. The second reason is, passing this legislation would then give Secretary DeVos a blank check over implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act to promote her anti-pub-lic school agenda. As we saw in her confirmation hear-ing, Secretary DeVos, we know, has dedicated her career to privatizing pub-lic education. She has a long record of fighting to cut investments in public schools and shift taxpayer dollars to-ward private school vouchers. In her hearing, she showed a lack of even basic understanding of key concepts in public education policy, and she has openly questioned the role of the Fed-eral Government in protecting our most vulnerable students. After her hearing, millions of people across the country stood up, made their voices heard, and called on the Senate to reject her confirmation. Al-though she squeaked through with a historic tie-breaking vote from Vice President P
ENCE , it was clear people across the country rejected her anti- public school agenda. Instead, they want the Department of Education to stand with students and with our schools. One month into her tenure as Sec-retary of Education, Secretary DeVos has not done a lot to reassure parents who had serious concerns. She has made mistake after mistake, from grossly misrepresenting the origins of the HBCUs to failing to protect transgender students in schools, prov-ing what the American people saw at her confirmation hearing; that her lack of understanding of public education is hurting our students. We cannot, in good conscience, provide Secretary DeVos another potential tool to imple-ment ESSA, our bipartisan bill, with her anti-public education slant, and that is exactly what passing this reso-lution would do. If this resolution passes, make no mistake, I will do everything I can to ensure that Secretary DeVos imple-ments ESSA, as Congress intended. Let me be clear. Congress did not in-tend that DeVos or any future Sec-retary of Education could use this law to encourage, prioritize, or even re-quire States to incentivize private school choice. We will work to ensure that she does not take advantage of the chaos that will follow, if this rule is overturned. Providing Secretary DeVos a blank check would absolutely be the wrong way to go in the early stages of this law’s implementation. So that is the second reason. The third reason is, at its heart, the Every Student Succeeds Act is a civil rights law, and the rule that this reso-lution would eliminate reflects that re-ality. We know from experience that without strong accountability, kids from low-income neighborhoods, stu-dents of color, kids with disabilities, and students learning English too often fall through the cracks. Now it is up to all of us to uphold the civil rights leg-acy of this law and its promise for all of our students. I was proud to work with my col-league, the senior Senator from Ten-nessee, on this law. I know he is proud of what we accomplished, but I am dis-heartened to see my Republican col-leagues jamming this partisan play through in the same fashion they did with Secretary DeVos’s nomination. Voting for this resolution will ruin the bipartisan nature of our Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act, and it will hurt our students, but by voting against this resolution, we can make sure ESSA works for all of our students, regard-less of where they live, how they learn, or how much money their parents make. Finally, I want to make one more point. Even people who had concerns with the final rule do not—do not— want to see it overturned. In fact, the American Federation of Teachers, civil rights groups, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—groups that aren’t always actually on the same side of education issues—are all speaking out against rolling back this rule, and parents, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.042 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1672 March 8, 2017 
teachers, and community leaders are all on the same page. In a letter to the Senate, Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers union said: ‘‘Repealing these regulations now would not just be counterproductive and disruptive but would demonstrate a disregard by Congress of school dis-tricts’ operation and timelines.’’ In a letter to my colleagues, Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S CHUMER , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and various education groups, including the Na-tional Center for Learning Disabilities, wrote that rolling back this rule ‘‘will cause unnecessary confusion, dis-rupting the work in states and wasting time that we cannot afford to waste.’’ So if unions, business, and civil rights groups, disability advocate orga-nizations, and the States are not ask-ing for this, we must ask the questions, Why are my colleagues jamming this resolution through? What perceived problem are we trying to solve? Millions of students, parents, and teachers have made their voices heard about the importance of public edu-cation. They want us to work together to uphold and build on our bipartisan law, not for it to become just the latest partisan exercise that only hurts our students. A vote against this resolution is a vote for our students, it is a vote for our schools, it is a vote not to give Sec-retary DeVos power she can abuse, and it is a vote to keep working together to build on this bipartisan law, not tear it apart. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BUDGET CUTS  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I rise today to express serious concern about reports in the press that the adminis-tration is considering deep cuts in funding to crucial aspects of our Na-tion’s national security and our home-land security to pay for the construc-tion of a border wall and also for a crackdown on illegal immigration. The first target that alarmed me was America’s maritime guardian, the U.S. Coast Guard. Even as the administration says it plans to secure the borders and in-crease funding for our military by $54 billion, which, in fact, may be a good thing, it is reportedly considering cuts on the nondefense side—and that in-cludes the Department of Homeland Security—with a cut of $1.3 billion, or 12 percent, to the very military service that secures our vast maritime bor-ders, and that is the Coast Guard. That plan just doesn’t make any sense, espe-cially when it comes to securing our borders. You would be putting a bunch of money in a wall, but you are losing the security of the border over here on the oceans. The 42,000 member-strong Coast Guard plays a vital role in protecting our Nation from narcoterrorism, com-bating human smuggling, preventing and responding to maritime environ-mental disasters, and protecting lives and property at sea. By the way, in other foreign parts of the globe, the U.S. Coast Guard is as-sisting the U.S. military in our mili-tary operations. If securing our borders and sup-porting our military is a true priority for the administration, then it ought not be slashing the Coast Guard’s budg-et. Instead, we should be supporting the Coast Guard’s ongoing and much needed fleet recapitalization program, including the design and construction of the new offshore patrol cutter and the continued production of the new fast response cutter. These are des-perately needed assets for the Coast Guard. This Senator has personally visited dozens of Coast Guard units all around, not just in my State of Florida but in Alaska, the Great Lakes. The job the Coast Guard does is amazing. What I have witnessed firsthand is what they do in service to our country. The constant theme I have heard from my visits is the need to modernize and become increasingly more nimble, given the host of threats that could be delivered from our maritime borders. Let me give just one example. In the Caribbean, it is a Coast Guard admiral who heads up the task force that has all agencies of government participating as we look to protect the southern borders in the Caribbean, as well as the southern Pacific, from any-thing that is coming to our borders— drugs, migrants, terrorists, whatever. It is all agencies involved, but if, for example, there are U.S. Navy ships in the area or Air Force assets in the air that might pick up one of these threats coming toward America, they work hand-in-glove with the Coast Guard be-cause it is the Coast Guard that has the legal authority as a law enforce-ment agency to stop, apprehend, and board that vessel. We are doing all of this border pro-tection with cutters that have an aver-age age of 45 years old. The average age of a Coast Guard 210-foot medium en-durance cutter is 48 years old. The Coast Guard’s high endurance cutter average age is 45 years. These are just two classes of ships that the Coast Guard uses for interdiction and rescue missions, and they do it worldwide. As you may expect, with assets this old, the Coast Guard struggles with major, mission-debilitating casualties, which result in severe losses of oper-ational days at sea and drastically in-creases maintenance costs. To correct that, the new offshore patrol cutters and the fast response cutters will give the Coast Guard an effective coastal and offshore interdiction capability in order to meet objectives. What are they? Combating transnational orga-nized crime networks, securing our na-tional maritime borders, safeguarding waterborne commerce, and safe-guarding life and property at sea. Looking at the administration’s sec-ond target to pay for the wall, what is the second target? Believe it or not, FEMA, the Federal Emergency Man-agement Administration. That agency comes to the aid of millions of Ameri-cans during any kind of natural dis-aster, and they are singling that out for cuts? That doesn’t make common sense, and it certainly is not going to be a popular thing to do in the eyes of those who have to turn to FEMA after a natural disaster to try to get their lives back on track. Last year, just taking 1 year as an example, two major hurricanes hit Florida, in addition to many other dev-astating natural disasters that struck nationwide and resulted in many deaths and billions of dollars of dam-age. FEMA was critical to people’s sur-vival and recovery in each of those events. Just think of what we hear on the news all the time. There are storms, tornadoes, earthquakes. Re-member the mountain that erupted out in the State of Washington decades ago, not to mention hurricanes. For the sake of people’s safety and that of our country, we simply cannot use FEMA as a piggy bank to pay for the administration’s trillion-dollar spending programs. The administration’s third target— this has just been reported. What is the third target? You are not going to be-lieve this. It is TSA, the Transpor-tation Security Administration. If we target TSA for budget cuts—is that really what we want to do in a threat environment? Every time we go through an airport, TSA is on the frontlines of protecting our country from terrorist attacks. That is its secu-rity mission at airports across the country—and, by the way, with the air marshals who fly on our flights. Need I remind the administration why TSA was created? It was after the Sep-tember 11 attacks in 2001. Funding is vital to ensure the success of TSA’s mission. In fact, just last year Congress responded to concerns over insider threats and security at air-ports, such as the bombings in Brussels and Istanbul, with the most extensive security-related measures in years. Specifically, what we did, particularly in the Commerce Committee when we formulated the FAA bill, is we included bipartisan provisions enhancing the background and vetting requirements for airport employees and expanded the random and physical inspection of air-port employees in secure areas. Remember the case at the Atlanta Airport? For several months, people had a gun-running scheme going from Atlanta to New York. They didn’t drive up Interstate 95 to take the guns; they had an airport employee in Atlanta 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.044 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1673 March 8, 2017 
who could get into the airport, without being checked, carrying a sack of guns. That airport employee would go up into the sterile area where passengers are, go into the men’s room, and would exchange knapsacks with a passenger who had come through TSA clean, and that passenger took the sack of guns on the airplane flight from Atlanta to New York. The New York City Police Department couldn’t figure out how they were getting all those guns on the streets of New York. That was a gun- running scheme over several months. Thank goodness they were criminals and not terrorists. And you want to cut that kind of security? Do you want to cut the strongest se-curity we have at an airport when screening passengers who are going through? It is the nose of a dog, the VIPR teams. The trained dog teams and their handlers are the most effi-cient way to screen passengers. It is amazing what those dogs can sense. When we did the FAA bill last year, we doubled the number of VIPR teams, the dog teams, and you want to cut this? That was all done in a bipartisan man-ner. We doubled the number for the protection of the American public. In that bill, we also expanded the grant funding to assist law enforce-ment in responding to mass casualty and active-shooter incidents, which is very important. Another tragic exam-ple of that is the recent shooting in Fort Lauderdale at the airport. To counter the issue of long lines, which I know we all had to go through last spring, the legislation included provisions to expand TSA Precheck and require the TSA to evaluate staff-ing and checkpoint configurations in order to expedite passenger security screening. Does that sound like a bunch of ad-ministrative mumbo jumbo? Perhaps. Let me tell you that it works and that all of it is designed to protect Ameri-cans going to airports and getting on airplanes. None of this is possible without con-tinued funding and, in fact, even more funding. Any cuts are certainly going to impair the TSA’s ability to keep our country safe. The bottom line here is that we must do whatever is necessary to keep our country safe and our citizens secure. Slashing the budgets of the U.S. Coast Guard or FEMA or the TSA is only going to make us less secure. Need I say more about these pro-posals to pay for some of these other things, like a wall, by slashing these kinds of budgets? Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Maryland. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, along with the Presiding Officer, I have the distinct honor of serving on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and am the ranking Democrat on that com-mittee. There are many areas of chal-lenge for our national security. We could talk about what we think is the greatest threat to the national secu-rity of the United States. Unfortu-nately, there are a lot of candidates. One could certainly be China. China has been very provocative in the China Sea, raising concern about maintaining maritime security, which is so criti-cally important to world commerce. Clearly China could be a candidate. North Korea could be a candidate. We know that in North Korea, they have a nuclear capacity. We know their gov-ernment will gas and poison people who disagree with them, including family. It is a repressive regime, and they are developing the capacity not only to have a nuclear weapon but the capacity to be able to deliver that nuclear weap-on beyond just the region in which they are located. So we could pick North Korea. We certainly could mention the threat of ISIS, which is a growing threat of terrorism that challenges not only the Middle East but our own coun-try. We could mention the security threat of Iran. Iran was one of the greatest sponsors of terrorism of any country in the world, which is causing major prob-lems for the Sunni Gulf States, in Syria, and in the Middle East. Clearly Iran is a candidate for major interest in our national security. But the country I would pick as the greatest threat to America’s national security would be Russia. Russia has been very aggressive in trying to domi-nate beyond its own geographical bor-ders. It has incurred into other coun-tries and has attacked the United States of America. I want to take us back to 1975 when the Helsinki Final Act was passed, through the leadership of the United States and the USSR. I have had the opportunity through several Congresses to be either the chair or the cochair or the ranking member of the U.S. Helsinki Commis-sion. I have spent a lot of time on the Helsinki work. What was remarkable about that doc-ument that was entered into in 1975 was that it recognized that security is beyond just military in that for a coun-try to be secure, it must pay attention to its borders, yes, and its military, but it also must have economic secu-rity and must respect human rights. What was also very unique in the Helsinki Final Act was the commit-ment that these standards we agreed to would not only be of internal interest to the member country but that any country to the Helsinki Final Act could challenge the actions of any other country. We have not only the right but the responsibility to call out countries that fail to adhere to the basic principles that were agreed to in 1975. The Helsinki Final Act now ap-plies to about 56 countries—all of the countries of Europe, Canada, the United States, and all of the republics of the former Soviet Union. Let me review with my colleagues the guiding principles that were agreed to in 1975 under the Helsinki Final Act, signed by Russia, so that they are bound by these principles. As I read through these 10 principles, let me talk about how Russia has violated every single one of the basic 10 principles they agreed to in Helsinki. No. 1, sovereign equality and respect for the rights inherent in sovereignty. No. 2, refraining from the threat or use of force. No. 3, the inviolability of borders. No. 4, the territorial integrity of states. In each of these cases, Russia has violated these basic principles. They invaded Ukraine and took over Crimea, annexing it against the will of a sov-ereign country. They are interfering in the eastern part of Ukraine as we speak, violating the territorial integ-rity of Ukraine. Russia’s troops are in Georgia, violating the sovereignty of that country. Russia’s presence in Moldova is not respecting the terri-torial integrity of a member state. Russia has violated the basic principles of sovereignty that were brought out in the Helsinki Final Act. Let me read some of the other prin-ciples. No. 5, the peaceful settlement of dis-putes. Russia shoots first. They took their troops into Ukraine. They took their troops into Georgia. They have not used peaceful methods. The sixth principle is the non-inter-vention in internal affairs. Russia attacked the United States of America in our free election system. That is not subject to any dispute today. They attacked America. They interfered with our internal affairs. They tried to influence our election. That is an attack against America and a violation of their basic commit-ments. Let me read through the remaining. No. 7, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms. Ask the people who have disagreed with the Russian Government and who have tried to form a party whether there is respect for human rights and fundamental freedom in Russia today. Ask independent journalists who are arrested and killed for trying to carry out their profession. Russia today is in-timidating civil societies and NGOs, and anyone who disagrees with Mr. Putin is subject to arrest, torture, and perhaps death. We know that in the case of Mr. Magnitsky, which is a cause that has been taken up by this body with the passage of Magnitsky laws. Another principle is equal rights and the self-determination of people. That is not present in Russia today. No. 9, cooperation among states. Let me conclude with the 10th prin-ciple: fulfillment in good faith of inter-national legal obligations. Russia entered into an agreement with regard to Ukraine’s sovereignty, only to invade Ukraine a few years later. Ukraine gave up its nuclear stockpile, believing that Russia would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.046 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1674 March 8, 2017 
live up to its commitments. Russia has violated the Minsk agreements that were entered into to resolve the prob-lems between Ukraine and Russia. Rus-sia has not lived up to its international agreements. Let me sort of summarize why I think Russia is the No. 1 candidate for concern with regard to our national se-curity. They have violated the sov-ereignty of many countries of the world. They have violated the sov-ereignty of Ukraine and continue to do so. They have violated the sovereignty of Georgia and Moldova. They have at-tacked the United States of America through cyber. It may not have been a MiG, but it was a mouse, and its in-tended purpose was to bring down our democratic election system and to favor one candidate. That cannot go unanswered. Today, Russia is engaged in Syria and supports the Assad regime, which attacks humanitarian convoys, uses the civilian population as an instru-ment of war, gases its own people—vio-lating basic international human rights and committing war crimes. That is what President Putin is doing in Russia today. Russia’s human rights records are de-plorable. Kara-Murza has been poisoned not once but twice. He is an opposition leader. He is now in the United States and is recovering from the second poi-soning episode. The Russian authori-ties tried to kill him. Why? Because he dared to oppose the Putin regime. We need to speak out. We need to know more about that. It does not end there. Russia is violating the INF, the International Nuclear Force agree-ment, which is a major concern to all of us. Russia’s bottom line is that they are trying to dismantle the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, which has been the bulwark of security since the end of World War II, the rela-tionship between Europe and the United States, providing a blanket of protection not just for our physical se-curity, but providing international leadership in dealing with the develop-ment of democratic countries around the world. That is what Russia is try-ing to do today, is to dismantle that protection. What should we do? We have identi-fied Russia as our No. 1 concern, and I think most Members of the Senate would agree with that assessment. I have talked to many, particularly on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. What should we do? What is the role of Congress? We know we are waiting for Presi-dent Trump to give us his foreign pol-icy as it relates to Russia, and that is an important thing for us to know— how the President intends to deal with a country that has done so many things against our national security in-terests. We have a role. We are the first branch of government that is men-tioned in the Constitution, article I. We have responsibilities to act. We need to take steps, and I have encour-aged my colleagues. There have been a lot of accusations made around here about Russia’s con-tacts with Americans and that Russia is stealing information through cyber and planting that information through WikiLeaks in order to influence elec-tions. There is the potential contact with General Flynn, what happened with the Russian Ambassador, and what happened as far as domestic wire-taps. There have been a lot of com-ments made around here, but we do not have the facts. First and foremost, we need an inde-pendent commission that is similar to what the Congress constituted after the attack on 9/11 so that we get inde-pendent, nonpartisan experts, without restriction to jurisdiction or turf, who can determine exactly what Russia’s game plan is and what steps we can take to protect ourselves in moving forward and what action we should take against Russia. That is the first thing we should do. Congress should also pass a resolution. I have intro-duced one that would set up that type of an independent commission to look at what Russia has done. There is a second issue, though, that I want to bring to our attention, and I know the Presiding Officer is very fa-miliar with it. It is the Countering Russian Hostilities Act, which is a bill I filed. I am very proud that this bill was not created by one Member, it was created by a group of us working to-gether and recognizing that Congress needed to speak with a strong voice. I am proud that, in addition to my sponsorship, Senator M
CCAIN helped draft this bill. Senator M
ENENDEZ is a key leader on this bill. Senator G
RA-
HAM is one of the architects of the bill. We have Senator S
HAHEEN , Senator R
UBIO, Senator K LOBUCHAR , Senator S
ASSE, Senator D URBIN , Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator M URPHY , Senator G
ARDNER , Senator B LUMENTHAL , Sen-ator S
ULLIVAN , Senator D AINES , Sen-ator D
ONNELLY , Senator Y OUNG , Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE , Senator C OONS , and Senator C
ORNYN . You might notice that I alternated between Democrats and Republicans because this is not a partisan effort. We all recognize the seriousness of what Russia has done to the United States. We all recognize that Congress needs to respond. When you are at-tacked, you don’t stand by; if you do, you will get attacked again and the next time could be even more dev-astating. So we have to take action to protect ourselves. So what the Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act does, first and foremost, is it codifies the sanctions currently imposed against Russia for its cyber attack on the U.S. election. Secondly, it extends those sanctions for what we call secondary sanctions—businesses doing business with those that are sanctioned—so we can enforce the sanctions. The Presiding Officer recognized that when we were working on the North Korea sanctions law, we needed to strengthen that, and I congratulate the Presiding Officer on the work he did re-garding North Korea, and I was pleased to join him. I am pleased he is joining with this group to see how we can strengthen our sanctions and pressure on Russia to know that they can’t get away with this type of an attack against America, but then we go even further. We recognize that Ukraine today—we have sanctions against Russia, but we can strengthen those sanctions. We can apply those sanctions to the energy sector. We can apply those sanctions to prevent American companies from fi-nancing the Russian economy through the moneys they need for sovereign debt or privatization. So we extend the program of sanctions to include those types of activities. We take up two other major issues that I just want to share with my col-leagues because these are contributions made by the Members who joined to-gether to file this bill. We recognize that the rules of engagement have changed. Russia is using tactics today that we never thought would be used. They attack our country, get private information, give it to WikiLeaks, use it as part of a strategy to get news out there that could influence our elec-tions. Then they develop fake news, use that fake news through social media to make it look like real news in an effort to try to affect our free election sys-tem in the United States. This is pret-ty frightening. We have to meet them. We have to protect ourselves. So this legislation provides for a de-mocracy initiative similar to what we have done on our security initiative with Europe. We have stationed NATO troops on the border countries of NATO with Russia to let them know we will not tolerate the invasion of a NATO country. We have done that. That is our security initiative. We have to have a democracy initiative to protect the democratic institutions of Western Europe because Russia will use the democratic institutions to try to un-dermine the democratic institutions— the free press, the opportunities of free speech, the opportunities to try to in-fluence through their money the elec-tion process. They have done that. They tried to do it in Montenegro dur-ing the parliamentary elections to af-fect Montenegro’s accession into NATO. We have to protect the democratic institutions. This legislation would au-thorize that protection. Then it sets up a resource so we can fight this propaganda, so we can find ways to counter Russia’s use of propa-ganda in order to carry out their nefar-ious activities. This is a comprehensive bill. I urge all of our colleagues to take a look at it. We are looking for input. We are looking to make sure this does exactly what we need it to do—to speak as one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.048 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1675 March 8, 2017 
voice in Congress to make it clear to Russia that it is not business as usual; that we intend to take action and be strong and let them know they cannot do this type of activity; that America will protect its national security. There is another bill, let me just mention, that Senator G
RAHAM is the principal sponsor of that I have cospon-sored and others have sponsored also. It is the Russia Sanctions Review Act. I mention that one because we had a great debate here in the last Congress on the Iran nuclear agreement, and part of the reasons we had a great de-bate is because the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee was able to pass a review act and get broad consensus on it, get it signed by the President, which gave us a role. More impor-tantly, it gave the American people a role in getting transparency on a very important agreement—the Iran nuclear agreement. So we had time for public hearings. We had time for national de-bate. We had time for questions. Because that law passed, I am con-vinced the agreement was stronger. The administration knew there were millions of eyes looking at what they were doing; they just couldn’t do it in the dark of night. It helped us, I think, carry out our responsibility as the leg-islative branch of government. So Senator G
RAHAM and I and others believe we should have a similar proc-ess, if there is going to be a funda-mental change in the relationship be-tween the United States and Russia; that the President should consult and work with Congress and give us an op-portunity for transparency and for the American people to be heard. That is exactly what this bill does. It is a bill that I think is for good legislating, for good governance, and I would encour-age my colleagues to take a look at this, and hopefully we will be able to get this done. I will just say in conclusion that we have no issue with the Russian people. They are good people. We want to have a good relationship with the Russian people. It is Mr. Putin and his govern-ment that are directing this country to do things in interference with the sov-ereignty of other countries—in vio-lating human rights, in supporting vio-lations of human rights, in war crimes, and they should be held accountable for that and for what they are doing in Syria, and, of course, very personally, attacking our own country. That is what we are aimed at. Mr. Khodorkovsky was in my office yesterday. I think my colleagues might recall that he was a leader in Russia— a great business leader. He made a lot of money. He decided Russia needed re-forms to protect the rights of all peo-ple, that human rights were not strong enough, the right of expression was not strong enough, so he took up that cause as a successful businessperson. As a result, he was arrested, served 10 years in prison, and they tried to keep him out of politics because he did not represent Mr. Putin’s politics. Well, he has been very active. He no longer lives in Russia for fear of his own life. He has been here championing the cause for good governance within Russia and the importance for the international community to be en-gaged in that. As he left my office yes-terday, he said: Please continue to speak out. He said: Please continue to speak out. The United States must lead when a country driven by Mr. Putin does what it does. It is our responsibility to speak out about this outrageous conduct— threatening the integrity of so many countries and violating the human rights of so many people. We can make a difference. The Con-gress can make a difference. It is for all of those reasons that we need to act. I urge my colleagues to take a look at the legislation I have talked about on the floor and which so many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have joined. Let’s get together and let’s speak with a united voice and let Russia know we are going to protect the national security of the United States of America, and we are going to protect the rights of our friends. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am pleased to join with my colleague from the great State of Maryland and to commend him for his leadership on the Foreign Relations Committee and on the floor today, as well as his great work with the Helsinki Commission, his tireless bipartisan work with our committee chairman, and with many others. We have just heard detailed, in terms of the legislation he has put forward, the effort, the time, and the engage-ment he has put forward in terms of standing up. I think it is important for all of our colleagues and the American people to hear us working together to push back on Russian aggression and on Vladimir Putin’s regime for its in-terference in our most recent election and its long and sad record of appalling human rights violations. In 1950, the CIA delivered a report to then-President Harry Truman that outlined two key goals of the Soviet Government. The first goal was ‘‘de-struction of the unity among the West-ern countries, thereby isolating the United States.’’ The second goal was ‘‘alienating the Western people from their governments so that the efforts of the Western countries to strengthen themselves would be undermined.’’ Nearly 70 years later, the regime of Vladimir Putin in Russia remains fun-damentally committed to these same two goals, but today his government has a whole new arsenal of cyber tools and information tools which it uses to interfere in democratic elections here in the United States and across Eu-rope—among the nations that are our vital allies—to launch propaganda and misinformation campaigns that spread falsehoods and create a climate of doubt and uncertainty among citizens and democracies around the world. Last week, on this floor, I rose to speak with my friend and colleague, Senator MARCO RUBIO, to highlight the threat that we know Russia poses to the American-led, rules-based inter-national order that has been sustained by both Republican and Democratic Presidents and leaders in this body since the Second World War. Just yesterday, several of us partici-pated in a hearing of the State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, chaired by Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM of South Carolina. We heard directly from representatives of the Governments of Ukraine, Poland, Georgia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Esto-nia. All of these nations know better than any others just how serious the Russian Government is today about fulfilling the goals the CIA quoted and outlined in that report from the 1950s. Russian troops today are massing on the borders of many of these countries. In the case of Ukraine, Russia has re-cently invaded and continues to ille-gally occupy Crimea while arming and supporting separatists in the eastern 20 percent of the country. Russia previously invaded Georgia in 2008 and continues to occupy about one-fifth of its territory, backing rebels in the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia. The Rus-sian Government has tried and, in sev-eral cases, succeeded in executing cyber attacks against these countries’ governments, most famously against Estonia in 2007. Its ongoing disinformation campaigns have created widespread doubt about Western insti-tutions like NATO, the European Union, the OSCE—institutions that have helped to maintain a stable and peaceful world for seven decades. These Ambassadors and the Foreign Ministers who testified yesterday be-fore our appropriations subcommittee made clear their countries depend on the United States not just for leader-ship, not just for military strength but for leadership and our commitment to effective foreign assistance. These are the same requests I heard last August from Eastern European leaders, when I led a bipartisan congressional delega-tion—two Republican House Members, two Democratic Senate Members, and I. The five of us went to Ukraine, Esto-nia, and the Czech Republic, and we heard exactly the same message—that they are threatened by a constant wave of attacks of disinformation, both overt and covert efforts to subvert their democracies and to change the di-rection of their nations. Maintaining our forms of American leadership, our support for the democ-racies, the civil societies, and the mili-tary, and the strength of these nations in Eastern Europe is not charity. A world committed to democracy and the rule of law is a more stable world. A stable world means Americans are safer and more economically secure. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.049 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1676 March 8, 2017 
is that simple. That is why we must push back against Russian aggression in a bipartisan way and stand up for our allies and our values. Conversations like this one on the floor today are important to educate our American people about the true na-ture of the Russian threat we face. The Russian Government’s current strategy relies on disinformation and propa-ganda in an effort to divide the Amer-ican people, both from their govern-ment and from each other. Our discussion this afternoon makes clear that both Republicans and Demo-crats in Congress haven’t lost our will to highlight, to condemn, and to fight Russian actions. Unassailable facts must serve as the basis for a bipartisan foreign policy. A clear-eyed under-standing of Russian intentions and ac-tions will protect us from their anti- Western propaganda and avoid the in-ternal divisions that Russia seeks to leverage in an attempt to project its influence worldwide. To that end, I am determined to sup-port the efforts of Senator C
ARDIN . I am also determined to support the ef-forts of Senator G
RAHAM to provide suf-ficient funding that specifically targets the Russian Government’s subversive actions. I will also continue to work with my colleagues, such as Senator C
ARDIN , to see that his bill, S. 94, the Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act, is marked up this work period so the full Senate can consider this important legislation. As Senator C
ARDIN com-mented, there are 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans who have already cospon-sored this important bill. Why is this bill, the Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act, so important? It will make sure the Russian Govern-ment pays a price for breaking the rules by supporting sanctions for its occupation and illegal annexation of Crimea, for its egregious human rights violations in Syria and elsewhere, and, most importantly, for directly inter-fering in our election. This bill would prevent the lifting of sanctions on Rus-sia until its government ceases these activities that caused those sanctions to be put in place in the first place. The bill would also support civil soci-ety, pro-democracy, and anti-corrup-tion activists in Russia and across Eu-rope. Today Vladimir Putin has a whole array of powerful modern tools that he intends to use to undermine democracy and promote his brand of authoritarianism, but as that 1950 memo to President Harry Truman made clear, Russia’s goals haven’t changed. Russia’s goals are to oppose us, our vision, our values, and our de-mocracy. We must make it clear that America’s vision of a freer, safer, and more democratic world hasn’t changed either. I thank Senator C
ARDIN for orga-nizing this discussion, thank Senator M
ENENDEZ for everything he has done to support these important efforts, and thank Senator G
RAHAM for hosting yes-terday’s important hearing. I look for-ward to working with all of my col-leagues to continue with this fight. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in this im-portant conversation on the Senate floor and, once again, to demand an-swers to the many questions raised about Russia’s interference in our elec-tions. Not so long ago, I came to the floor to speak out against a belligerent act from an adversarial nation, an attempt to undermine American democracy and foment chaos and uncertainty on the world stage, an effort that we now know from our own intelligence com-munity’s assessment was ordered by President Putin himself, a campaign that senior intelligence officials have concluded ‘‘blend[ed] covert intel-ligence operations—such as cyber ac-tivity—with overt efforts by Russian Government agencies, state-funded media, third-party intermediaries, and paid social media users, or ‘trolls,’’’ to undermine our 2016 Presidential elec-tions. In recent weeks, the American people have been confronted by a daily drum-beat of headlines regarding Russian in-terference with our elections and pos-sible ties to President Trump’s cam-paign. They have learned that the President’s former National Security Advisor, LTG Michael Flynn, was not truthful about the nature of the con-versations he had with the Russian Ambassador shortly after President Obama sanctioned Russia for meddling in our elections. They learned that Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the highest law enforce-ment officer in the land, did not fully disclose at least two meetings he had with the Russian Ambassador during his nomination hearings. They have learned, through reporting in the news media, that U.S. law en-forcement continues to investigation Russian agents’ contacts with Presi-dent Trump’s inner circle. Yet despite these revelations, the American people now face more ques-tions than answers. Has anyone else on the President’s team been in contact with the Russian Government? What were the nature of these conversations? How credible are reports of business dealings between Russian oligarchs and the Trump organization? But here is the reason I came to the floor today, as serious as those ques-tions are. Getting answers to these questions, whether it be through a spe-cial prosecutor, or an independent com-mission—on which Senator CARDIN has legislation and which I strongly, strongly support and believe it is the ultimate vehicle—or the Senate Intel-ligence Committee’s own investiga-tion—those efforts are not about Presi-dent Trump. It is about the American people. It is about protecting our free and democratic way of life and our time-tested system of self-governance. It is about showing our constituents that, when the stakes are high, when the allegations are this startling, when the implications are this alarming, we are capable of setting politics aside and getting to the truth. Time and again, the President has dismissed the significance of Russia’s interference in our elections, and he derides reports about his financial in-terests and campaign contacts with Russia as ‘‘fake news.’’ Well, this isn’t fake news. On the contrary, these are real threats—real threats from a real foreign adversary; real threats that un-dermine the integrity of our elections and, therefore, the security of our country; real threats from a brutal leader who sees the erosion of Western democracy as a strategic imperative for Russia’s future. So let’s be clear about why these threats matter. Vladimir Putin’s rise to power in Russia has been marked by the suppression of the freedom of the press, the oppression of the Russian people, the murder of political oppo-nents, and the transfer of wealth and assets from the Russian people to a handful of powerful oligarchs. President Putin sees the spread of Western democratic values that we enjoy here in our country and others in the Western world—like freedom of speech, the rule of law, and human rights—as a threat to his power. So Russia has embarked on a systematic campaign to undermine the democ-racies that uphold the international order established after World War II and that has been the bedrock of peace and tranquility, generally speaking, since then. These threats must be taken seriously. Russia’s aggressive behavior reaches back years and extends to this day. We saw it in 2008, when Russia backed ille-gal separatist forces in Georgia, declar-ing South Ossetia and Abkhazia inde-pendent states. We saw it in March of 2014—when I was in Ukraine—when Russia authorized the use of military force to annex Crimea, blatantly vio-lating the sovereignty of the Ukrainian people and the Budapest Memorandum, a memorandum that we—the United States, Russia, and others—signed, saying that we would observe the terri-torial and sovereignty rights of Ukraine if they gave up the nuclear weapons that had been left to them after the collapse of the Soviet Union. They did just that. They did just that, and what happened to them after-wards? Their territory has been an-nexed and invaded. Today, Putin con-tinues to break ceasefires, sow discord, and incite violence throughout eastern Ukraine—an effort that to date has claimed 10,000 lives and displaced 2 mil-lion people. Unfortunately, Russia’s interference in our 2016 Presidential election is not an isolated instance. According to U.S. intelligence reports, these efforts are only the most recent manifestation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.050 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1677 March 8, 2017 
the Kremlin’s ongoing campaign to un-dermine Western democracy. In recent years, we have seen Russian oligarchs funnel money to fringe polit-ical movements across Europe, and Russian operatives conduct sophisti-cated disinformation campaigns. After the revelations that Russia interfered with our own elections, Putin has shown no signs of slowing down. On the contrary, just weeks ago, Russian’s De-fense Minister announced that the Kremlin will begin using troops to en-hance their information operations, emphasizing that ‘‘propaganda must be smart, competent, and efficient.’’ Again, Russia’s end goal here is no mystery. Putin aims to undermine Eu-ropean unity and fracture the trans-atlantic alliance—an alliance that has served as a bedrock for international security, peace and stability, and eco-nomic cooperation between the United States and Europe for the past half century. In the Middle East, President Putin continues to disregard international norms. He aligns Russia with Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terror. He aids Syrian dictator Bashar al- Assad in his atrocities against inno-cent civilians. In Aleppo, Russian bombs fall on homes; Russian bombs fall on schools and hospitals; Russian bombs fall on aid convoys that only seek to feed starving, trapped families, and rescue children from the rubble. Just last month, Russia violated the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty when they illegally launched a cruise missile, showing no regard for an agreement that has been a hallmark for nuclear security cooperation for nearly four decades. That is not an in-significant act. The United States cannot ignore such destabilizing behavior. That is ex-actly why Senator G
RAHAM and I intro-duced S. Res. 78 just 2 weeks ago, rec-ognizing 3 years of Russian military aggression and calling on Russia to re-spect its obligations to the inter-national community. Our resolution should serve as a reminder to this ad-ministration that the U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia for violating the international order should remain in place until Russia starts respecting and returning to that international norm. Nor can we let Russian efforts to un-dermine Western democracies continue unabated. That is why I joined my col-leagues in the Countering Russian Hos-tilities Act of 2017. This bipartisan bill codifies the sanctions imposed by President Obama for Russia’s annex-ation of Crimea and interference in the U.S. elections into law. It is the same type of proposition we had with the Iran agreement. We want a congressional opportunity to voice ourselves and make sure that those sanctions aren’t lifted arbitrarily, ca-priciously, without Russia paying the consequences and coming back into the international order. At the same time, the legislation authorizes $100 million for the State Department and other agencies to counter Putin’s propa-ganda. The time for action—and for an-swers—is now. We can get to work im-mediately by holding hearings in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to ensure that the United States has a strategy in place to protect the secu-rity of our democracy and promote sta-bility abroad. From the spread of ex-tremist propaganda across Europe and the denial of Ukrainian sovereignty, to the bombing of civilians in Aleppo and the cyber attacks against the Demo-cratic National Committee, Putin’s in-tentions are not up for debate. Russia’s destabilizing behavior should make it absolutely clear to the President of the United States that the Russian Federation is not our friend. But when the President hesitates to ac-knowledge this reality or fails to ad-dress such aggressive behavior, it is up to Congress to act. There can be no hesitation when it comes to protecting the security and sanctity of our elec-tions. But to take action we need answers. That is why we need an independent in-vestigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 elections. What President Trump fails to realize time and again is that this investigation is not about whether or not Russia successfully swayed the American elections. This investigation is not about him. This in-vestigation is about the American peo-ple. It is about ensuring that our elec-tions are free, fair, and secure so that our government that we elect is re-sponsive and accountable to the people. It is about understanding Russia’s tac-tics in cyber space and preparing for future attacks. It is about standing with our allies, preserving peace and avoiding war, and preventing the need to send our sons and daughters into harm’s way. It is about ensuring that, when the President of the United States faces tough decisions, the Amer-ican people can trust that he puts their interests—their interests—ahead of any other interests he has abroad. It is time to protect the integrity of our elections and to secure our democ-racy against the cyber threats of the 21st century—whether they come in the form of election machine tam-pering, or paid propaganda on social media, or targeted hacks on political and public officials. Russia poses a real strategic threat to the United States, to our core val-ues, and to the international order. I call on the President to treat these threats with the seriousness they de-serve. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to protect the integrity of our elections here at home, to defend democracy abroad, and to ensure that the trans-atlantic alliance, so vital to inter-national security and stability, re-mains strong for generations to come. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from New Jersey for his excellent statement summarizing the challenge we face. I thank my col-leagues from Maryland and from Dela-ware as well. Yesterday, we had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. There is an indi-vidual seeking the Deputy Attorney General spot. Of course, he is seeking this position—a key position—at a crit-ical moment in American history. The Attorney General of the United States of America, Jeff Sessions of Ala-bama, announced publicly last week, on Thursday, that he was going to recuse himself from any prosecution involving the Russians and the last Presidential campaign. That is his-toric, and it was the right thing to do. Many of us on the Democratic side have called on him for weeks to do just that. Senator Sessions had been an active participant in the Trump campaign, and when he became Attorney General, we felt that, in the best interests of preserving the integrity of the Depart-ment of Justice, he had to step aside when it came to the investigation of Russian involvement in that campaign. Of course, in the meantime, during the course of this national debate, the National Security Advisor to the Presi-dent of the United States, General Flynn, resigned after he misrepre-sented to the American people and to the Vice President of the United States conversations he had with the Russian Ambassador. It came to light last week that then-Senator Sessions, during the course of his confirmation hearing, gave misleading comments and answers to a question by Senator FRANKEN , say-ing that he had had no contact with the Russians, either. In fact, he had. He sent a clarification letter, but yesterday’s hearing was about his suc-cessor, the Deputy Attorney General, who would have the power to oversee this investigation. The gentleman who was nominated is well known to the Senator from Maryland because he served as U.S. Attorney there for a number of years—since 2005. He served under President Obama. He was ini-tially appointed under President Bush, a rare bipartisan selection, who, by every indication, is a professional pros-ecutor. The disappointing moment at the hearing is when we asked Mr. Rosen-stein if he had read the intelligence re-port that was publicly announced in January about the Russian involve-ment in our election campaign. It is an unclassified report. It is on the inter-net. It is about 15 pages long. It is as precise and conclusive as you can ex-pect. It said quite clearly that the Rus-sians did attempt to change the out-come of the election, that they were, in fact, working to benefit Donald Trump and against Hillary Clinton. I quickly added that this was not published by the Democratic National Committee. This was by the intel-ligence agencies of the U.S. Govern-ment. I was disappointed when Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.051 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1678 March 8, 2017 
Rosenstein said no, he had not read it. He was asked over and over again why he would not read a piece of informa-tion, a document so critical to his serv-ice as Deputy Attorney General. I will set that aside for a moment and just observe the obvious. If you be-lieve our intelligence agencies, there is no question that Russia was trying to change the outcome of the Presidential election. They were engaged, we be-lieve, with up to a thousand trolls in some office buildings in Moscow, invad-ing the internet, invading emails in the United States in an attempt to glean information that they could feed back to the public through Wikileaks and other sources. Although there is no evidence to date that they had any impact on the actual casting or counting of ballots, their in-tent is clear. They wanted to pick Don-ald Trump as President. They believed he was a better choice for Russian in-terests than Hillary Clinton. Is that worthy of an investigation? I certainly hope so. To our knowledge, it is the first time in the history of the United States that a foreign power— and one that has been an adversary time and again to our interests around the world—tried to invade our election. It was, in fact, a day that will live in cyber infamy in terms of this Russian effort. If we ignore it, we can expect several things. Get ready for the next election. Do you think they learned anything during the course of the last one? Do you think the Russians will be involved again? It would be naive to believe oth-erwise. Secondly, there is a critical element here that we cannot ignore. Three weeks ago I visited Warsaw, Poland; Vilnius, Lithuania; and Kiev, Ukraine. I talked to those leaders—in a couple of instances, the Presidents of those countries, as well as opinion leaders, parliamentarians—and they continued to raise the same question to me. It came down to this: If the United States does not take seriously the invasion of Russia in your own Presidential cam-paign, will you take it seriously when Putin invades our country? You have told us under the NATO alliance, arti-cle 5, that you will stand by our side and protect us. If you don’t take Putin seriously when he invades your own Presidential election, there is a lot of doubt. Questions are being asked. Several Republican Senators have stepped up. I want to salute them. I will start with L
INDSEY GRAHAM , who yesterday, again before the Senate Foreign Operations Subcommittee on Appropriations, made it clear that he believes we have to thoroughly investigate this Russian involvement in our Presidential elec-tion. A few others have said the same. Un-fortunately, the reaction by many Re-publican Senators has been lukewarm to cold. They don’t want to spend the time to look into this. They would rather start talking about inves-tigating leaks in the Trump adminis-tration or even the President’s far- fetched tweets suggesting that some-how President Obama was engaged in a wiretap. It is something that has been denied not only by the former Presi-dent but also by the former Director of National Intelligence and the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. To date, there is not one shred of evi-dence for the claim made by President Trump in his tweets in the early morn-ing hours of Saturday. At the same time, the need for this investigation continues. You have heard cataloged in detail—and I will not repeat it—Rus-sian aggression over the last several years. I have seen it. I have seen it through-out history, at least during my life-time, and I have seen it more recently in Ukraine, in Georgia, and threats that go on every single day in coun-tries in the Baltics and Poland. It is clear to them that they are fighting a hybrid war, not just the military threat, which is very real, but also cyber threats that at one point closed down the Estonian economy—a Rus-sian cyber invasion closed it down—and propaganda threats, which are nonstop through cable television known as RT, Russia Today. They continue to broad-cast false information into countries like the Baltics and try to do it with impunity. That is the reality of what we are facing. The question we face, though, as the U.S. Senate sworn to uphold this Con-stitution, is whether we are prepared to defend it against foreign powers that will undermine it, in this case the Rus-sian Federation. There has been a suggestion that the intelligence committees can have an investigation of this matter. I would say that in and of itself is not objec-tionable, but it is certainly not com-plete and satisfactory. The Intelligence Committee is going meet behind closed doors. We will not see the witnesses. We will not hear their testimony. The American people may not ever hear who testified and what they had to say. Some parts of this must continue to be classified, and I understand that. But by and large, the American people have a right to know what the Rus-sians did and how they did it so that we can make sure we defend ourselves against this in the future. The Intel-ligence Committees have a role, but not in its entirety. I think there should be a special prosecutor from the Department of Justice to see if any crimes have been committed. I don’t know where the evi-dence will lead, but we should have someone we trust, a person of integ-rity, who will step up and assume that role and make that investigation for the Department of Justice. One other thing: I think this is of sufficient gravity that we should have an independent, transparent, bipar-tisan commission. My colleague, Sen-ator C
ARDIN of Maryland, is the spon-sor of that legislation, which I am happy to cosponsor. That is the ulti-mate answer. Let’s get to the bottom of this once and for all to make certain we know what the Russians tried to do to us and to make doubly certain that it never happens again. That is the reality of this challenge. I hope we can get bipartisan support for it. When it comes to sanctions against Russia, we have had good bi-partisan support, and that is encour-aging—equal numbers of Democrats and Republicans saying they should pay a price for what they did. Let’s get the investigation to its conclusion. Leon Panetta is a friend of mine and served in our government at many dif-ferent levels. In the Sunday talk shows, he talked about what he would recommend to the Trump administra-tion. He said to them very simply: Get in front of this. Don’t keep reacting to this. Say that if you have done nothing wrong you are going to cooperate fully with any investigation to get to the bottom of it. That is the way to deal with it. I hope we will have an end to the tweets and a beginning of the coopera-tion that is necessary so that we can get to the bottom of this situation and know the facts, wherever they may lead us. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I thank Senator DURBIN , Senator M ENENDEZ , and Senator C
OONS for joining on the floor today to talk about the threat that Russia poses. Senator D
URBIN is absolutely correct, and I thank him for his leadership on this. The only way the American peo-ple will have a full accounting of what Russia’s intentions were and what they did in attacking our country is to have an independent commission. We had such a commission after the attack on 9/11. Democrats and Repub-licans came together. There was no controversy about that. We wanted to find out what and how we were at-tacked, how they got through our in-telligence network, how they put to-gether the horrific attack on our coun-try, and then we wanted to know how we could get recommendations to pro-tect us moving forward. I am going to tell you, that commis-sion served a very important national security function because we learned a lot. We learned that we were stovepiping too much information. We weren’t sharing it. The way the agen-cies were set up, it was more over turf than it was over mission. Congress acted on the recommendations, and we are safer today as a result of it. We don’t know what Russia’s inten-tions are all about. We suspect that they are trying to undermine our democratic system of government. We suspect that Russia is interested in re-gaining its reputation of the former Soviet Union. They are looking for a greater geographical footprint. We see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.053 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1679 March 8, 2017 
that in their military operations, not just on their border countries such as Ukraine or what they are doing in Georgia or Moldova, but we see that also in the Middle East where they have a military presence today, and they want to have a footprint there. We believe they want to become a greater Russia. We know they don’t like democratic systems of govern-ment. Their government stays in power through making sure that there is no effective opposition. They have quelled any opportunity for a Democratic op-position and for the free press. We know those—but what are their ultimate aspirations? What do they in-tend to do with the transatlantic part-nership? We talked about that. We are safer today because of the trans-atlantic relations. NATO has made our Nation safer. The strength of the EU has made our Nation stronger. We know Russia is trying to interfere with that. They interfered with the Montenegro election in an effort to prevent Montenegro from agreeing to join NATO. We know they are trying to pull other nations out of Europe. We know that. What we need to have, though, is a full accounting as to what happened in the attack on our country and how we can prepare ourselves to defend our-selves. By the way, it might also give us a blueprint for what we need to do to show Russia we will not tolerate that type of activity. Senator D
URBIN is absolutely right. We have responsibilities in Congress. The committee I serve on, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee—our re-lationship with Russia, we have to have hearings. Senator M
ENENDEZ was right in calling upon our committee to have additional hearings. What is Rus-sia doing? How does it affect not only our relationship with Russia, but how do we deal with Europe? How do we deal with the authorization for use of military force? If we were attacked, can you use cyber as an attack vehicle? Does that require congressional au-thorization? We have to be prepared in our com-mittees. The Intelligence Committee has a responsibility to find out exactly what happened and whether we need to change our intelligence network be-cause Russia was able to invade our country. They were able to get private information and then send it to WikiLeaks to use politically against us. They may compromise some of our classified information. We don’t know. We need to find that out. The Intelligence Committee has a function to play. The Judiciary Com-mittee has a function to play. I know the subcommittee is doing some work under Senators Whitehouse and Gra-ham. The Armed Services Committee certainly has a role to play. There is only one way the American people will get a clear view of how seri-ous this matter is and that we are tak-ing every conceivable possible step to make sure we protect the national se-curity of the United States and our Democratic institutions, which are part of our national security, and that is to have an independent commission. There are no turf problems there. They can look at everything. They can have a transparent process, and the American people can get an eye as to what is happening. They can make the recommendations we need. I thank Senator DURBIN for under-scoring that point. It is something I think we will ultimately get to. I was hoping we could get to it sooner rather than later because I think the Amer-ican people would have a great deal more confidence. I thank Senator C
OONS for putting this in historic perspective. He is abso-lutely right; we go back a long time as to what Russia’s intentions are all about. I thought that was extremely helpful to fill in all of the aspects of what we are trying to do. Senator M
ENENDEZ ’s point was very critical; our reasons for being here and our reasons for wanting to take action are to protect our country, the Amer-ican people. We are not talking about any one person or any one election. This is not challenging the results of this past election. This is all about making sure that we protect the integ-rity of our free election system and, particularly moving forward, knowing that Russia may very well be engaged, as we speak, in trying to interfere with the elections in the Netherlands and Germany and France. We need to have a better game plan on how to deal with this. As Senator M
ENENDEZ said—I think it is a very important point; I want to underscore this: You can’t trust Rus-sia. Let’s be clear about that. Ask the Ukrainians. They signed the Budapest Declaration. The United States was part of that. They very clearly gave up their nuclear capacity, and in exchange they got the security from Russia on their jurisdiction, on their territory, on their sovereignty. Look how long that lasted before Russia invaded Ukraine, annexed part of Ukraine, and they continue to supply resources to disrupt the eastern part of Ukraine so Ukraine will have a very difficult time in its integration into Europe. That is what Russia is doing today in con-travention to their written commit-ments with Ukraine. Then I might tell my colleagues: Look at the Minsk agreement set up to try to end this hot war, and Russia has violated all the aspects of the Minsk agreement. You can’t trust Russia’s agreements. As Senator M
ENENDEZ pointed out— he is right—look at the INF. Look at the treaty obligations. Russia is vio-lating their treaty obligations, which directly affect the security of Europe. These are pretty serious things. We counter this by unity. That is why I am so proud that we have Democrats and Republicans work-ing together. This is not one party. Both parties recognize the danger of Russia. Both parties recognize that we have to protect ourselves. I would just urge my colleagues to follow this vig-orous strategy, where we can show the American people that unity and that resolve and that we will not allow Rus-sia to attack our country, that we are going to prepare to make sure that we defend our democratic system of gov-ernment and that we will be united in standing up to those types of activities that are against our national security interests. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LEE). The Senator from Maryland. 
TRUMPCARE  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, we have now had a little more than 24 hours to get a peek at the Republican plan to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. Now we know why they kept it in hiding for as long as they did—because it is a total mess and it will wreak havoc on the healthcare system in the United States of America and severely harm millions of Americans. After 7 years in waiting, is this really the best they can do? The first thing people need to know about the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act—let’s be clear. This is no replace-ment. This is a fake replacement. The first thing they need to know about it is, it will strip away affordable healthcare for millions of Americans in order to give the wealthiest households a huge tax cut. How big is that tax cut? First of all, it goes to households who make over $250,000 a year. Here is the thing. The richer you are, the more money you make over $250,000 a year, the bigger the tax cut you are going to get under the Republican healthcare plan, under TrumpCare. In fact, if you are a mil-lionaire, you are going to get a tax cut, on average, of about $50,000—to be pre-cise, a $49,370 average tax cut for mil-lionaires. If you are in the top one- tenth percent of American households, you are going to get, on average, a $200,000 tax cut under the Republican plan to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. That is great news if your name is Donald Trump or you are one of the billionaires or millionaires in his Cabi-net. It is great news if you have loads of money. I want to be clear. I have nothing against millionaires. The more millionaires, the better in terms of growth in the economy, but certainly at this point in time, they don’t need a tax cut, and they certainly shouldn’t have a tax cut when the impact of that is to harm tens of millions of Ameri-cans and hurt their healthcare. I guess we are beginning to learn ex-actly what President Trump meant when he said that his healthcare was going to be ‘‘much better.’’ Yes, if you are one of those folks in the top one- tenth percent of American income earners, if you are in the wealthiest strata of this country, you are going to get a big tax break. So I guess it is much better for you from that perspec-tive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.054 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1680 March 8, 2017 
You know whom else this is going to be better for? It is going to be better for insurance companies and their CEOs. It is really hard to believe, but if you look at the House bill—and now I know why it was under lock and key for so long. If you look at it, you are going to find that their plan gives in-surance companies a new tax break when they pay their CEOs multi-million-dollar bonuses. In fact, the big-ger the bonus the healthcare company pays to the CEO, the bigger tax break the corporation gets, the more Amer-ican taxpayers will be subsidizing those bonuses for those insurance CEOs. So you know what, you are a CEO of an insurance company, you raise the premiums, the company makes more money, and you get a bigger bonus. Taxpayers foot the bill in terms of larger taxpayer subsidies to those CEOs. All in all, when you add up all the tax breaks for these CEOs and the insurance companies and the wealthi-est Americans, it is a tax break wind-fall of $600 billion. That is the number by the experts in the Joint Committee on Taxation here in the Congress. These are the nonpartisan experts who look at legislation and determine what the fiscal impact will be. What they say is that the TrumpCare bill will pro-vide tax breaks in the amount of $600 billion over the next 10 years. I guess that is what President Trump must have been referring to the other day when he tweeted about his ‘‘wonderful new healthcare bill.’’ It will be wonder-ful for those who are getting those big tax breaks. We know who the winners are. Who are the losers? Well, just about every-body else ends up on the short end of the stick—just about everybody else in America. That is why you are seeing such strong opposition coming from all over the country. First, there are the millions of Americans who are going to lose their healthcare coverage alto-gether because they can’t possibly af-ford to pay the huge additional pre-miums and copays and deductions they would be faced with under these plans that would be offered. Then there are tens of millions of more who will pay much more for much less coverage. Older Americans are going to be espe-cially hard hit, which is why we are all hearing from AARP. You know AARP—they sometimes give their opinion, they weigh in a little bit here and there, but they are out full force against this TrumpCare bill because it is going to have a very negative impact on seniors in America. They call it a sweetheart deal to big drug companies and other special interests. They argue—and we will talk about how it will weaken Medicare. They say it is going to impose an age tax on older Americans, and that is what it does. In fact, they calculate the following: 
The change in structure will dramatically increase premiums for older consumers. We estimate that the bill’s changes to current law’s tax credits could increase premium costs for a 55-year-old earning $25,000 by more than $2,300 a year. For a 64-year-old earning $25,000 that increase rises to more than $4,400 a year. A year extra—$4,400 more a year for that 64-year-old earning $25,000 to pay for their health insurance, the health insurance they have today. Then they calculate that it will be $5,800 more for a 64-year-old earning $15,000. In other words, compared to the Affordable Care Act, the less income you have, the more you are going to be paying under TrumpCare than you are paying today under ObamaCare, under the Affordable Care Act. We are also hearing from groups that fight for the rights of people with dis-abilities from all over the country, that are against this legislation be-cause of its impact on Medicaid and the impact those cuts to Medicaid will have on people with disabilities throughout the country. We are also hearing about the impact on Medicare. One of the promises Can-didate Trump made was that he wasn’t going to do anything that would harm Medicare. That is what he said then, but, in fact, in January, Congress re-ceived a letter from the Medicare actu-aries. These are the professionals who look at the impact of various proposals on the Medicare system. What they concluded was, this proposal to provide tax cuts to wealthy Americans would actually reduce the life of the Medicare program by 3 years. Here is what they are proposing. We are going to give a tax cut—and one of the tax cuts means that wealthy Amer-icans will not have to pay a portion of their Medicare taxes. That portion of their Medicare taxes today goes into the Medicare trust fund. You say to those wealthy Americans: We are going to give you a tax break that is going back in your pockets. That means it is no longer going into the Medicare trust fund. That shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund. That is the view, that is the opinion, those are the facts stated by the actuaries for Medicare. As you begin to reduce the life of the Medicare Program, there will be more and more pressure to go to the plan that has been much discussed, espe-cially by House Republicans, to turn Medicare into a voucher program. The AARP raises this issue, as well, in their letter. If you are going to start cutting down on the Medicare trust fund, if you are reducing the revenues going into that trust fund because you are giving wealthier Americans this tax cut, obviously, there is less money in that program to pay for the bills of Medicare. One of the ideas that has been pushed is: All right, let’s save money for Medi-care by transferring the risks Medicare currently takes onto the backs of sen-iors. So we are going to start giving them a voucher, a voucher that does not keep pace with the rising costs of Medicare. That means that over time, seniors have to pay a lot more, get a lot less in healthcare, and that is how they save the Medicare plan money. Make no mistake, by providing a tax cut, and particularly the tax cut to the wealthy paying into the Medicare Pro-gram right now, you are hurting Medi-care. I know that the President says he is a terrific negotiator, just a terrific ne-gotiator, and I have here a book by Trump, ‘‘The Art of the Deal.’’ I don’t know whether Donald Trump is a good negotiator or a bad negotiator, but what I know is this: When you look at this TrumpCare plan, whoever did the negotiating was negotiating on behalf of very wealthy special interests at the expense of people in the rest of the country. So all the talk we heard throughout the campaign and since about looking after the little guy, all the talk we heard about the middle class being squeezed, which is very real out there in America, all the talk we heard about struggling Americans, when you look at TrumpCare, it hurts exactly those people. If President Trump was negotiating this deal, he got a great deal for the billionaires and millionaires who are in his Cabinet. They are going to see a great tax break windfall. I mean, I would like to get a calculator and take a look at what the size of the tax break will be to the members of the Trump Cabinet because it is going to be huge. But ordinary Americans are going to take it on the chin. They are going to be very badly hurt, which is why appar-ently people are trying to rush this through the Congress so quickly. First, it was in some remote room, and you needed bloodhounds to go out to try to find out where it was, and now we know why it was kept so se-cret—because it is such a bad deal for the American people. Now that it is in the light of day and the details are coming out and we are getting more and more letters from groups from around the country— AARP, the American Hospital Associa-tion, the American Medical Associa-tion, hundreds of other groups. The let-ters are pouring in. What is the re-sponse? Let’s try to get this through the Congress as fast as possible before the word gets out even farther around the country. It is ironic because I remember that during the debate over the Affordable Care Act, which took months and months—I mean, it took over 7 or 8 months—our Republican colleagues ac-cused us of moving too quickly, of not having sufficient debate and input. Yet what we are seeing right now, now that the bill has come out of hiding, is an effort to try to move that bill through the House in a matter of weeks without any hearings. And then we are hearing over here in the Senate that the plan will be—and maybe the Republican leader can clarify this at some point, but the plan will be to not send it to any of the committees in the Senate for a review but to try to bring it up immediately here on the floor of the Senate without any committee consid-eration, totally outside the regular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.056 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1681 March 8, 2017 
order, flying directly in the face of the complaints that were made many years ago, when the process took well over 7 months, went through all the commit-tees, and was thoroughly deliberated throughout the country. Today I am looking at some of the publications, and I see Republican col-leagues preemptively criticizing the Congressional Budget Office for what it might say about what TrumpCare is going to cost the American people. Mr. President, I know you and our colleagues know that CBO is the ref-eree on which we all rely. I know some people like to make up their own alter-native facts, but you need to have some referee here in Congress when it comes to budget issues because otherwise peo-ple just make up whatever numbers they want. It is also important to know that the current head of the Congressional Budget Office is somebody who was jointly selected by the Republican chairman of the House Budget Com-mittee and the Republican chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. In other words, the current head of the CBO was picked by the Republican chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Commit-tees. It is very important that we have that nonpartisan referee in these dis-cussions. Yet, in the House of Rep-resentatives, they are acting on TrumpCare right now in committees without even the benefit of the anal-ysis from the Congressional Budget Of-fice. Apparently, they are afraid of what it might be and what it might say. If people want to defend this TrumpCare proposal, they are obvi-ously free to do it, but we should do it in the regular order, and we should do it based on information from sources like the Congressional Budget Office so people can have all the facts when they make these decisions which will im-pact the American people. One fact we know right now is the fact that I mentioned at the outset, which is from the Joint Tax Com-mittee, the nonpartisan experts, saying that TrumpCare will provide a $600 bil-lion tax cut windfall. We also know it is a fact from the Medicare Actuary that by providing very wealthy Ameri-cans with this tax break, you are going to take some years off of the life of the Medicare Program. Those are real facts. So when I look at this deal, whoever negotiated this deal was clearly look-ing out for the very wealthiest in this country. That is where the facts lead. Again, I don’t know if President Trump is a good negotiator or a bad ne-gotiator. What I do know is that if he negotiated this TrumpCare deal, he was negotiating on behalf of the mil-lionaires and billionaires in his Cabi-net. He was negotiating on behalf of the insurance companies that are now going to get a tax break for the multi-million-dollar bonuses they pay to the CEOs. The larger the bonus, the bigger the tax break under this bill. I know he wasn’t negotiating for everyday work-ing Americans and certainly not for older Americans or Americans with disabilities. That is why the AARP and others are weighing in so strongly against this. We are going to have a little more time to debate here in the Senate, ap-parently, than in the House, but I would hope we would send this through the regular order because it requires a thorough vetting of the facts, and the American people deserve that kind of transparency and accountability in this process. I am absolutely confident that when the American people get a good look at this deal, they will know it is a very bad deal for the country and for millions of Americans. I hope we will get on with that proc-ess. I hope the bill will never arrive in the Senate. I hope the folks in the House will recognize that it is a bad deal for the country and go back to the drawing board because when I heard the mantra ‘‘repeal and replace’’ and when I heard President Trump say that replacement was going to be much bet-ter and cover more people for less cost, I think people took that seriously. Now when they actually take a look at TrumpCare, as it is emerging from the House, they see something very dif-ferent. They see something that is, quote, wonderful for the 1 percent of Americans who are going to get a tax cut, but it is really lousy for everybody else in the country. We need to defeat this charade. This is not a replacement. This is a fake. The American people are catching on quickly. That is why it is very impor-tant that we not try to rush this through, that we have an opportunity to discuss it in the light of day. I am absolutely confident that if we do the right thing in terms of a full demo-cratic debate, TrumpCare will go down. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to reject this resolution to roll back account-ability for the billions of dollars that are sent to States to help educate chil-dren. When Congress updated the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act in 2015, it was a bipartisan achievement. Republicans and Democrats came to-gether on the 50th anniversary of that landmark civil rights law to rewrite it into what became the Every Student Succeeds Act. When President Obama signed this K–12 legislation into law in December of that year, he called it a ‘‘Christmas miracle.’’ It received 85 votes in the Senate. It was one of the most impor-tant pieces of bipartisan legislation passed in the last Congress. It wasn’t the bill I would have writ-ten, but it was a bipartisan com-promise. It gave States and districts far more flexibility when it comes to improving their struggling public schools. At the same time, it also maintained critical civil rights and ac-countability protections to ensure that when the Federal Government gives States billions of dollars to improve the education of their students, that money goes to the schools and students that need those Federal resources the most. It was a critical step toward making sure we are building a future not just for some of our kids but for all of our kids. When Congress passes big, complex laws like the Every Student Succeeds Act, it always leaves some of the im-plementation details to the agency that has to enforce the law. That is why I fought hard to make sure the De-partment of Education had the tools it needs to write clarifying rules and guidelines to enforce the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act. That was a condi-tion of my vote and the votes of lots of other people. We won that fight. The authority to enforce the rules is right there in the law. It was debated in pub-lic, and it was part of the bipartisan agreement between Republicans and Democrats. Last November, the Department of Education—after careful consultation with teachers, school leaders, State education leaders, and parents—issued new rules to enforce this law. Today, congressional Republicans are trying to take a sledgehammer to these new rules. When these new rules were issued, ev-eryone who works in education agreed that they were critical and necessary. Teachers were fine with the new rules. State education leaders were fine with the new rules. Civil rights leaders were fine with the new rules. Everyone was ready to get to work. Apparently, con-gressional Republicans do not care. In-stead, they want to blow up these criti-cally important accountability rules even though the people who work in or around public education did not ask them to do so. This makes no sense. Groups that often disagree with each other over public education policies are united in their belief that this resolu-tion is a dumb idea. It is opposed by teachers; civil rights organizations, such as the NAACP and the National Council of La Raza; and organizations representing students with disabilities, such as the National Center for Learn-ing Disabilities. It is even opposed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce because they know this resolution will only make it more difficult for States as they try to implement the new edu-cation law. And this resolution will un-dermine the work States are currently doing right now to improve their public schools with the new law. Last week, many of these groups signed on to a letter that states: ‘‘This action will cause unnecessary confu-sion, disrupting the work in states and wasting time that we cannot afford to waste.’’ In fact, even conservative education policy experts at the Fordham Insti-tute—a right-leaning educational pol-icy think tank—argue that congres-sional Republicans should not swing a wrecking ball to these guidelines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.057 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1682 March 8, 2017 
They identified over 20 provisions in these rules that actually provide more flexibility to States by clarifying am-biguous sections in the law, and they concluded: ‘‘Senate Republicans, then, should scrap their plan to use the Con-gressional Review Act to kill all of the accountability regulations outright.’’ Killing these new rules now would lead to chaos and confusion just when States, districts, and school leaders are beginning to implement this new K–12 education law. States have already spent months drafting their plans for complying. Eighteen States, including Massachusetts, intended to submit their implementation plans to the De-partment of Education next month. If this resolution passes, all of that work will be thrown into limbo. These clarifying rules include impor-tant provisions that allow States to send additional Federal resources to struggling schools, whether or not those schools already receive Federal dollars; provisions that give States more flexibility in educating their English learners in the manner that best meets the needs of each individual student; provisions that ensure that parents have more information about how their child’s public school is doing and sets clear guidelines with what States and districts must disclose to parents and when they must disclose it; and provisions that promote trans-parency by preventing States from ma-nipulating their graduation rates or data on how much money they are in-vesting in each student. These regula-tions were carefully crafted over the course of 1 year of input from teachers, school system leaders, and student ad-vocates. Both Republicans and Demo-crats should support these provisions. I think we all know what is going on here. Betsy DeVos is the new Secretary of Education. Congressional Repub-licans have decided they want to hand over the keys to her with no restric-tions whatsoever. The resolutions we are debating today would give Sec-retary DeVos more freedom to push States in whatever direction she felt like. If you are a teacher in Tennessee or a principal in Massachusetts, you should be furious about that. Congress is about to scrap a year of hard work and a year of careful compromise in order to give Secretary DeVos a blank check. It is a blank check for Betsy DeVos. This is the same Secretary of Edu-cation who has never attended a public school, never taught in a public school, and never led a public school. This is the same Secretary of Education who proved to the world, during her con-firmation hearing, that she doesn’t have a clue about public schools. This is the same Secretary of Education who still holds shady investments that could be hiding conflicts of interest. This is the same Secretary of Edu-cation who has used her vast fortune to advance her extreme privatization agenda. This is the same Secretary of Education whom Jeff Sessions and the Vice President of the United States had to drag across the finish line in an unprecedented tie-breaking confirma-tion vote. She is the one to whom Sen-ate Republicans want to give a blank check to figure out where she wants to drive public education—a blank check to push her radical privatization agen-da. States and school districts are plan-ning for the next school year right now. They are figuring out how to im-plement this law and improve the edu-cation of kids as I speak. They are doing hero’s work every day while Con-gress wastes time and creates more confusion. Handing this law over to an Edu-cation Secretary with no experience in public education without any account-ability rules to guide its implementa-tion is an insult. It is an insult to teachers, an insult to school leaders, and an insult to families everywhere. This is not a game. Congress should not be playing politics with the edu-cation of our children. Instead of dis-rupting the important work that States and districts are doing to edu-cate our kids, Congress should get out of the way and let States finish what they have already started. Let them get to work. That is why I urge my col-leagues to reject this resolution. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RUSSIA  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon fol-lowing my colleagues, Senator M
CCAIN and Senator C
ARDIN , to speak to the legislation that I am cosponsoring and that they have introduced to ramp up sanctions on Russia. I think it is im-portant to emphasize that this is a strongly bipartisan legislative effort. Indeed, for more than seven decades, Congress has stood strong on a bipar-tisan basis, first against the Soviet Union and now against Russian threats against the United States and our Eu-ropean allies. Working across the aisle in Congress, we have supported the NATO alliance. Beginning after World War II with the Marshall Plan and con-tinuing to this day with the European Reassurance Initiative, we have helped to build the richest economies and the most robust democracies the world has ever seen, protected in large part in Western Europe by NATO. Today we face new and unprece-dented threats from an increasingly ag-gressive Russia. Russia continues to il-legally occupy territory in Georgia and Ukraine. It is on the march in Syria, and it is building up its military pres-ence and making threatening moves to-ward the Baltic States and in the Bal-kans. There is growing evidence that it is actively interfering to spread disinformation and manipulate the outcome of elections this year in France, Germany, and across Europe. In fact there is evidence to suggest that they were involved in the Brexit vote and in the Dutch referendum last year. Right here in our own country, Rus-sia has used brazen cyber attacks and other measures to aggressively inter-fere in our Presidential election last fall. This was an attack on our sov-ereignty, on our democracy, and on the American people, and it was unprece-dented. It requires the strongest pos-sible response, short of armed force, to demonstrate to Vladimir Putin that this behavior will not be tolerated and it must not happen again. That is ex-actly the purpose of these comprehen-sive sanctions. I agree with Senator CARDIN , the ranking member on the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, that the Foreign Re-lations Committee should play a piv-otal leadership role in both our legisla-tive and oversight capacities in push-ing back against Russia’s aggression in all its forms. By all means, this in-cludes making the case that the skills and experience of our State Depart-ment and USAID professionals are more important than ever. In Eastern Europe, in the Middle East, in Afghanistan, and all across the world, they are working to increase the resilience of our allies by strength-ening democratic institutions, fos-tering the rule of law, and fighting cor-ruption. These initiatives have played an indispensable role in helping the United States prevail in the Cold War, and they are every bit as important today as we oppose Russian aggression. We had the opportunity in the Armed Services Committee to hear from an expert talking about Russia and about Russia’s strategy. One of the things he pointed out is that, just as Russia is building up its military might, just as it is expanding its propaganda initia-tives through television broadcasts like ‘‘Russia Today’’ and ‘‘Sputnik,’’ it is also looking at how it can undermine Western democracies as a way to inter-rupt the transatlantic alliance—the al-liance between the United States and Europe that has been so important to stability in the world for the last 70 years. That is Russia’s real goal. They want to undermine Europe. They want to un-dermine the West and the United States. One of the ways they are trying to do that is by disrupting our elec-tions. We can’t allow this kind of ag-gression to go unpunished. If we do, we will surely face further attacks from an emboldened Russia looking to dis-rupt our democracy. Indeed, I think this attack should be answered with the most punishing economic and fi-nancial sanctions that we can muster, and we need to work even harder to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.062 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1683 March 8, 2017 
shore up our European allies who are facing Russian aggression and inter-ference. As we look at the upcoming French and German elections, there is no doubt that Russia is trying to interfere with those elections, as well, with the goal of undermining our democracy. When one begins to mess around with our elections, they strike at the heart of a democracy that is the foundation of this country. I commend Senator M
CCAINand Sen-ator C
ARDIN for introducing this bipar-tisan sanctions legislation, and I hope that Senators on both sides of the aisle will join us in passing these com-prehensive sanctions against Russia. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JACK ROBINSON  
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate the life and legacy of Jack Robinson, who passed away on March 1, 2017, in Pierre, SD, at the age of 92. Jack dedicated his life to public serv-ice—first to his Nation in the U.S. military and later to thousands of stu-dents as a teacher in Pierre. When Jack graduated from high school in 1942, he was awarded a schol-arship to Yangton College, but instead of furthering his education, he an-swered the call of duty amidst World War II and enlisted in the U.S. Army. After transferring from the infantry to the Army Air Corps, he completed navigation school and became a crew member on a B–17 bomber. He and his team were eventually sent overseas to England and completed 27 combat mis-sions over Germany before being shot down on March 2, 1945. Shortly after-ward, Jack returned home to South Dakota. Throughout the rest of his life, he was a strong advocate for the military and a true patriot. With the stories he told and the love of country he shared, he showed what it meant to be a true American hero. For that, he affection-ately adopted the nickname ‘‘Captain Jack.’’ There are not enough words in a dic-tionary to describe what we owe to the men and women who fought in World War II to save our Nation and to save democracy for the world. Jack Robin-son put his own dreams aside and put his own life in great danger for our country and for all of the future gen-erations of Americans. After World War II, Jack graduated from Yankton College and taught high school science at Highmore, SD, for 2 years. Then he earned his master’s de-gree in biology from the University of South Dakota. For the next 35 years, Jack was a teacher at Riggs High School in my hometown of Pierre. There, he created advanced biology and aeronautics programs for his students and inspired several young South Da-kotans to become doctors. Dr. Brent Lindbloom of Pierre said his father and Jack Robinson were the reasons he be-came a doctor. ‘‘Mr. Robinson was a great teacher,’’ he said. ‘‘He taught us how to study and inspired us to pursue our dreams.’’ I couldn’t agree more. As a teenager, Jack taught me navi-gational skills needed to properly fly an airplane, fueling a lifelong passion that continues today. As Jack would say, ‘‘you have to know the difference between compass course and compass heading.’’ Over the years he taught many oth-ers navigational skills as well. But he didn’t just teach young people how to fly in the skies. He was a tremendous role model for all of us and for all the students he taught. As a bomber crew member, Jack de-fended our gift of democracy. As a teacher, he gave us what we needed to become responsible adults and pursue our own dreams. In 1994, Jack was in-ducted into the South Dakota Aviation Hall of Fame as a combat crew mem-ber. I can state that he was very proud of that moment. But more important than his many achievements as a war hero and as a teacher was his life as a husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. We are a better people because Jack touched so many lives with his knowl-edge, kindness, and passion for living. His loss is felt by countless South Da-kotans. With this, I welcome the opportunity to recognize and commemorate the life of this great public servant and per-sonal role model of mine, Mr. Jack Robinson. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CIVIL RIGHTS AND EDUCATION  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I want to talk about an upcoming CRA that will be on the floor potentially this week that would cancel out an impor-tant regulation that is designed to build upon this country’s history of making sure there is a marriage be-tween civil rights and education to make sure that children in this coun-try, regardless of their race, regardless of their learning ability, regardless of their religion, regardless of their in-come, get an equal chance at edu-cation. Frankly, the whole reason the Fed-eral Government is involved in the question of education is due to civil rights. This used to be a purely local concern, and the Federal Government stepped into the question of local edu-cation because Black kids throughout the South were not getting an equal education. They were living in seg-regated schools and getting an edu-cation that was of far lesser quality. So the Federal Government has always been involved in education because it is a matter of civil rights. I want to talk about this issue through the prism of one individual. I am going to call him James, but this is a true story—a story, frankly, that could be told millions of times over across the country. James went to school in an urban district in Connecticut. He was a 10th grader. At the beginning of James’s 10th grade year, he had a habit of walk-ing out of class. In the middle of class, he would just get up and walk out after 10 or 15 or 20 minutes, and he would wander the halls of this big, urban high school until inevitably he was met by a security officer or a teacher or an ad-ministrator. They would bring him down to the office, and they would call his grandmother, as he lived with her. He would get suspended for a couple of days, and then he would come back. It played out so often—this cycle of James walking out of class, being brought down to the principal’s office, being suspended—that somewhere around the end of October, during his sophomore year, he had been out of school more days than he had been in school. One day, though, James goes through this cycle again. He is in the hallway, and he runs into an assistant principal. He is sort of sick and tired of this story playing out over and over again. He raises his voice. He has some words. James has never hurt anybody in his life, no history of violence, but the as-sistant principal decides to call the po-lice. The police come and they arrest James for disorderly conduct, essen-tially for having words with an assist-ant principal. Now James, at 16 years old, has a criminal record. At the time, he was treated as an adult in Con-necticut, so he has an adult criminal record. It turns out that James was walking out of class every day because he couldn’t read, and he was mortified. He was embarrassed because he had been socially promoted through the years. He had a learning disability that was going untreated, and he was in the 10th grade with the ability to only read at an elementary school level. No wonder he was walking out of class every day. He literally couldn’t follow along. It was embarrassing. He didn’t want to be called on by the teacher so he left. No-body ever figured that out until he got arrested and finally got a legal aid law-yer, who happened to be my wife, who identified his disability and the fact that it was being unaddressed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.063 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1684 March 8, 2017 
The fact is, a big part of this story is tied up in the fact that James was Black, and he was a big kid. So the po-lice got calls maybe because he ap-peared to be threatening in a way that he simply was not. I can say that be-cause the data backs up the fact that Black kids and disabled kids are treat-ed very differently in schools today. Wherever you are, whether in Con-necticut, in North Carolina, or in Cali-fornia, Black kids—especially Black boys—are suspended and expelled at a rate that is twice that of their White peers for the exact same behavior. Take mouthing off to a teacher. When that happens, Black kids, Black stu-dents, are twice as likely to be sus-pended for mouthing off to a teacher than a White student. James’s story is not unique. It is not unique because it happens in every State across the country, and it is not just in suspension and expulsion rates, it is also in achievement rates as well. We know the statistics. The graduation rate for African-American students is 16 percent lower than their White peers. I can go down the line and tell you about the different story when it comes to achievement and treatment of African-American students as com-pared to White students. Racism isn’t gone in this country. It might not be overt. Sometimes it might not even be conscious, but it is still there. Discrimination against kids who are different, whether they be poor or disabled, didn’t vanish. It is still all over. J
OHNLEWIS is a civil rights icon. We celebrate him every day, Republicans and Democrats, in the U.S. Congress. He got mercilessly beaten over the head simply because he wanted to vote. J
OHNLEWIS is still alive, but you know what, so are the people who beat him. We are only a generation removed from an era of open, unapologetic racism in this country. To think that we don’t need civil rights protections for kids any longer is to deny reality. Racism doesn’t look the same as it used to. Discrimination against kids who are different isn’t as overt as it used to be, but the data is the data. It is still there. No Child Left Behind got a lot wrong, but one of the things it got right was that it shed a light on this disparate treatment, these disparate outcomes between Black students, Hispanic stu-dents, disabled students, and their peers, because it forced States—and this was a Republican and Democratic accomplishment at the time—it forced States to disaggregate results. So you had to look at how were disabled stu-dents doing, how were Black students doing, and if they weren’t measuring up and if they weren’t getting closer to the performance of their nondisabled or White peers, then you had to do some-thing to turn those students around, turn their performance around. Now, the part that No Child Left Be-hind got wrong is big and significant. Part of it is that it required every sin-gle one of those kids to hit the 100-per-cent proficiency mark, when progress is important to measure as well. It also told States exactly what to do to turn around the experiences of those kids. It is not the same in Connecticut as it is in North Carolina, and it is not the same in an urban district as it is in a suburban district. So when we got to-gether on this floor and passed, in a bi-partisan way, the new Elementary and Secondary Education Act, we did some-thing really important. We preserved those requirements to disaggregate re-sults for Black kids and for Hispanic kids and for kids with disabilities, but then we left it up to States to decide what proficiency is, and we left it up to States as to how they would turn around the experience for these kids if they weren’t meeting those State-set goals. We gave an enormous amount of discretion and flexibility to States, but we preserved the basic expectation that our education policy was still going to be civil rights policy: Pay attention to how those vulnerable populations with a history of discrimination levied against them performed and require States to pay attention to the inter-ventions. That was a bipartisan achievement, and when we did it, we knew the regu-lation was going to be needed because, as with many education statutes, they are very vague. Republicans and Demo-crats understood that there was going to have to be a regulation to provide some clarity to States on how you build these locally driven account-ability systems. So the regulation we are talking about here today was not one of these that came out of left field. It was not one of these regulations that was polit-ical in nature; no, it flows from a bi-partisan act that preserved account-ability requirements for kids. It is important for a variety of rea-sons. One, it is important because there are some really vague terms in the statute that do need clarification. For instance, one of the things we voted for, Republicans and Democrats, is we voted to say you have to show that you are providing improvement for African-American students, let’s say, and if they are not showing con-tinuous improvement, then you have to have a turnaround plan. By the way, that turnaround plan is totally yours to decide; no sanctions from the Fed-eral Government if it is not X turn-around plan or Y turnaround plan. That is the old law. The new law says it is yours to decide. ‘‘Continuous improvement’’ is a super vague term. It is one of those ob-vious terms that has to have some reg-ulatory guardrails put around it be-cause what if the State said ‘‘contin-uous improvement’’ is improvement over 20 years. Well, kids come in and out of schools in 2 or 3 or 4 years and a 20-year period of looking at a par-ticular subgroup’s performance is meaningless to kids. So the regulation says continuous improvement means 2 years; look at how a kid does over 2 years. And then it says, if 2 years doesn’t work for you, you can make it longer but just tell us why. That is an important protection, and it still preserves enormous flexi-bility for States. States want this regulation because it also gives them other types of flexi-bilities. An example is, when you are looking at performance, the statute suggests that you can have students who are meeting goal or students who are not meeting goal. The regulation recognizes that is, frankly, a really ar-bitrary way to look at performance. So the statute says: Yes, that is what the regulation says. The statute says: Meeting goal and not meeting goal, but you can get extra credit for students who are close to meeting goal, who have shown growth. You can get credit for students who are way above goal, your high-achieving students. You don’t have to measure your schools just based on how many students meet goal. That is flexibility States want, that they likely don’t have without the regulation. Another example, for English lan-guage learners, proficiency goals should vary based on where you start-ed. If you start here with no English skills, then your proficiency target should be different than if you started with a pretty advanced understanding of the language. The statute just says you have to have a proficiency goal. It is unclear whether you can have dif-ferent ones for different levels of learn-ers. The regulation makes it clear: Give States that flexibility. So that is why States didn’t ask for this CRA. This is different than these other CRAs. States didn’t ask for this CRA. All of the educational groups we listened to—teachers, superintendents, principals—they weighed in on this regulation. They didn’t love every piece of it, but they were ready to im-plement it. None of these groups were coming up to the Congress asking for this regulation to be withdrawn. Would they have liked it to be fixed or tai-lored? Sure. But here is what they un-derstood, and here is why I am really concerned. Secretary DeVos could fix the things she doesn’t like or Senator A
LEXANDER  doesn’t like through the regular notice and comment period. I think there is 80 percent of this regulation that every-body agrees on, that just dots the i’s and crosses the t’s on a bipartisan com-mitment to accountability, and maybe there is 20 percent or 10 percent that Senator A
LEXANDER and some other Members think goes a little bit too far, but when you pass a CRA, you don’t allow for a regulation to be passed in the future that is substantially similar to the entirety of the regulation. The courts aren’t going to look, or, frankly, even know, what parts of the regula-tion you didn’t like and the 80 percent of the regulation you wanted to pre-serve. The Department of Education can’t pass anything that is similar to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.084 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1685 March 8, 2017 
ever again. So one of the things the regulation says is that you get a 1-year delay because it is just too quick to come up with accountability systems for this coming school year. That is gone. When this CRA passes, every school district in the Nation has to de-velop an accountability system for this calendar year because without the reg-ulation, you don’t have that flexibility. So what makes me, frankly, so dis-turbed about this CRA is that it could happen another way, which would pre-serve the pieces of the civil rights pro-tections that all of us agree on, which is the majority of the regulation. To my mind, it violated the spirit of our agreement when we passed this law. Here was a really amazing achieve-ment; that we were able to rewrite the No Child Left Behind law—essentially repeal it and replace it with something better—that Democrats and Repub-licans could agree upon. In my mind, that agreement was predicated upon the Department being able to enforce maybe the most important part of the law for big constituency groups in this country—the accountability section, the civil rights protections. By passing this CRA, we are essen-tially making it impossible for any regulation ever again to be passed to implement the accountability sections and the civil rights protections in this law. Why? Because you can’t pass any-thing that is substantially similar— substantially similar to the parts you like, substantially similar to the parts you don’t like. This isn’t like these other CRAs where Republicans didn’t like any part of it, where Republicans didn’t see any need for the regulation to go forward. This is different. We agree on 80 percent of this one, but the 80 percent is likely gone by passing this. I guess part of what disturbs me here is that we worked, locked arm in arm, in passing this law. I really do believe that by passing this CRA, Republican leadership—HELP leadership—is vio-lating the agreement we had to make sure this law went into force and effect in the way we all intended. It happened in the context of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee that isn’t working this year like it used to work. I have such great respect for the chairman and the ranking member of that com-mittee. They pulled off some big bipar-tisan wins during the time of their ten-ure, including the Workforce Invest-ment Act, the rewrite of the No Child Left Behind Act, and some other small-er wins that people didn’t necessarily think as much about, and leading up to the end of last year, the passage of a major new commitment to reforming mental illness and mental health in this country. That spirit of bipartisanship, which was present in the HELP Committee in a way that it wasn’t present in other committees, is disappearing before our eyes. We were mad that we only got 5 minutes to question Betsy DeVos be-cause it felt like the committee was hiding her from public view. Democrats were asking for more time to ask more questions, and we didn’t get it. That rarely happens in that committee, where the minority party is just asking to be heard and is shut down. We begged for the CRA not to come before this body because there was an-other way to get it done that didn’t violate the spirit of our agreement around the rewrite of the No Child Left Behind law, but we were denied in that request. Now we are voting on a CRA that is potentially going to be dev-astating not just for kids out there who need protection but also for States that want this flexibility. Finally, we are on a schedule, accord-ing to the majority leader, that is going to bring a healthcare bill that will rewrite the rules for one-sixth of the American economy to the floor of the Senate without any debate in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee, without a single hearing on the bill, without a markup, and without any ability for amend-ment. I listened for 6 years to my Repub-lican friends tell me that the healthcare bill, or the Affordable Care Act, was rammed through Congress and that the biggest problem was the fact that it was done outside of the public view for expediency’s sake. Now, I was there in the House of Representatives, and let me express the unbelievable irony of those complaints now that there will be no process for the com-mittees to consider the replacement to the Affordable Care Act. The House and the Senate had hun-dreds—hundreds—of meetings and hearings. The HELP Committee alone—I don’t have the numbers in front of me—considered hundreds of amendments and adopted over 100 Re-publican amendments in the markup process. The Senate’s session was the second longest in the history of the Senate, in for more than 20 days debat-ing that bill. The reason there was so much tempest out in the American public over the Affordable Care Act was because it was open for debate for so long. The Finance Committee had a full process. The HELP Committee had a full process. The Ways and Means Com-mittee had a full process. The Energy and Commerce Committee had a full process. None of that is happening here. This bill is being jammed through, as we speak, the Ways and Means and the En-ergy and Commerce Committees. This bill is going to be jammed onto the floor, perhaps without any committee process, in the Senate. The target is from introduction Monday to passage in the House in 3 weeks and perhaps just a few more weeks before it passes the Senate. So spare me the complaints about the Affordable Care Act being rushed into place when this process is going to make that look laborious in comparison. What pains me is not just this CRA, which is unnecessary, but it doesn’t have to happen this way. What pains me is a committee process that when I got here had a reputation for being truly bipartisan, for being one of the more functional, if not the most func-tional, committee processes. That is being blown up most significantly by the rush job—the rush job on the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act, which nobody in the American public is going to have enough time to look at it and see it. I ask my colleagues one more time to reconsider their votes on this CRA. We are at our best when we come together around the idea that every kid in this country should have a chance at a quality education, no matter what color their skin is, no matter what their learning ability is. I know my colleagues have a couple problems with this regulation. I get it. But by passing this CRA, the regulation is gone and never coming back, and the States that want the flexibility, that are begging for the flexibility, won’t get it. It will just be an unworkable section of the bill. A section that was supposed to be bipartisan now fundamentally won’t work because we can’t get a regulation passed that is at all substantially simi-lar to the good parts or to the bad parts. This body is at its best when we stand together—Republicans and Democrats—and say that no matter what you look like, no matter how well you learn, no matter how much money you have, you get a quality education. We did that when we voted together on ESSA, and we are going back on that bipartisan commitment by passing a CRA that is unnecessary. As to the bad stuff you don’t like, it can be gone in a matter of months by a regular process of notice and comment in the Depart-ment of Education. This is part of a disturbing new trend line in this committee toward partisan-ship and away from a history of com-mitment to our kids—Republican and Democrat. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Thursday, March 9, the Senate resume consideration of H.J. Res. 57, with the time equally di-vided in the usual form until 12 noon, and that at noon, the Senate vote on passage of the resolution with no inter-vening action or debate. I further ask that, notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate then resume ex-ecutive session for the consideration of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.085 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1686 March 8, 2017 
Executive Calendar No. 18, and that the cloture vote on the nomination occur at 1:45 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
REMEMBERING THE SOLDIERS OF 2ND BATTALION, 131ST FIELD ARTILLERY REGIMENT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this week, we remember the brave men of Texas who gave so much to preserve freedom in the Pacific and survived the greatest horrors of World War II. Sol-diers of 2nd Battalion, 131st Field Ar-tillery Regiment from Camp Bowie, TX, a Texas National Guard unit, were fighting alongside Australian forces on Java, an island in Indonesia, against invading Japanese forces. On March 8, 1942 the Americans and their Aus-tralian allies were captured by the Jap-anese. A report was never filed by the Japanese to identify the captured unit. As a result, the Texas soldiers had dis-appeared and were dubbed ‘‘the Lost Battalion.’’ They were combined with survivors of the USS Houston, CA–30, which had been sunk in the Battle of Sunda Strait on March 1, 1942, and dispersed to POW labor camps located in Burma, Thai-land, and Japan to work as slave labor-ers. They worked on the Burma-Siam Death Railway, building a railroad through the jungle and into the coal mines, docks, and shipyards in Japan and other Southeast Asian countries. For 42 months, the men of 2nd Bat-talion, 131st Field Artillery and the USS Houston suffered together through humiliation, degradation, physical and mental torture, starvation, and hor-rible tropical diseases, with no medica-tion. Five hundred and thirty-two soldiers of the battalion, along with 371 sur-vivors of the USS Houston were taken prisoner. As many as 163 soldiers died in captivity, and of those, 133 are esti-mated to have died working on the railroad. In August of 1945, after 42 months of captivity and forced labor, the sur-vivors of 2nd Battalion, 131st Field Ar-tillery Regiment and the survivors of the USS Houston were returned to the United States. March 8, 2017, marks the 75th year since their capture on the is-land of Java, and these soldiers deserve to be remembered for their heroic serv-ice and sacrifices in the Pacific theater of battle. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT BACKUS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I am honored to recognize a Vermont treasure, Dr. Robert Backus of Grace Cottage Hospital, who is retiring after nearly four decades of dedicated serv-ice to the rural community of Townshend, VT. Dr. Backus, or ‘‘Dr. B’’ as his pa-tients often call him, is a natural heal-er. He discovered his passion for med-ical sciences as a young hunter. After serving with the Peace Corps in Brazil, he traveled to Australia to complete a medical internship and his residency. Years later, while on a trek across country from California, Dr. Backus found himself meandering along the winding roads of Vermont’s Route 30, and he discovered the place he con-tinues to call home today. The people of Townshend are glad he never left. After settling in Vermont, Dr. Backus went on to complete his premedical studies at the University of Massachusetts and, later, Dartmouth College. He then received his doctorate in medicine from the University of Vermont in Burlington. Soon after, Dr. Backus took a job working as deputy to Dr. Carlos Otis, the revered founder of Vermont’s Grace Cottage Hospital, one of the State’s leading rural pro-viders. Dr. Backus is perhaps most well- known for always being there for his patients, even if they are admitted to a different hospital. He is also known for his strong commitment to the commu-nity. For example, each year, Dr. Backus dedicates his time to collecting items for the Grace Cottage Fair, an event that supports the work and pa-tients of the hospital. He also enjoys singing in the West River Valley Cho-rus with his wife, Carol. Dr. Backus remains committed to staying active in his community after retirement, and as a grandfather to six, he is also looking forward to spending more time with his family. I am proud to honor Dr. Backus’s commitment to our State, and to the health and well-being of Vermonters. I know we will continue to see great things from him, and I wish him the very best as he enters a well-deserved retirement. f 
CRA DISAPPROVAL OF BLM PLANNING 2.0 RULE Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, yester-day, the Senate approved H.J. Res. 44, a joint resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act, CRA, that overturned the Bureau of Land Management’s resource management planning rule, commonly referred to as the planning 2.0 rule. I oppose this mis-guided revocation of a rule that would have allowed greater public involve-ment in the land-use planning process, increased government transparency, and improved the efficiency in making sustainable multiple use decisions for our public lands. The BLM is responsible for admin-istering 245 million acres, or over 10 percent of the total area of the United States, and 700 million acres, or 30 per-cent, of the Nation’s mineral estate. The majority of BLM lands are in the 11 western States and Alaska. Across the West, the economy has changed significantly in recent dec-ades. From 1990 to 2010, the population in the West grew by 36 percent, and the economy of the West has grown faster than any other region in the country. As new people and new businesses have moved West, demands on public lands for outdoor recreation, hunting, fish-ing, tourism, conservation, and renew-able energy development have been in-creasing. These demands have the po-tential to lead to conflicts with uses such as grazing, timber, mining, and oil and gas extraction. The planning 2.0 rule represented a new approach to addressing increas-ingly complex challenges on public lands and balancing what are com-peting uses and, quite frankly, at times competing values for the use of our public lands. Planning 2.0 was the first update of the BLM’s planning regula-tions in 34 years. It included tools to help local land managers respond to these new challenges and the changing needs of western communities. Under the BLM’s 1983 planning regu-lations, the BLM’s planning process has been far too slow. State, local, and tribal governments and the public have been frustrated with the BLM’s inabil-ity to complete resource management plans that support key infrastructure projects like pipelines, utility cor-ridors, oil and gas leasing areas, and other management designations. It takes an average of 8 years to complete a resource management plan, and the public is provided few opportunities for input. By the time a plan is completed, it is almost already out of date. Since public involvement doesn’t occur until nearly the end of the planning process, new information provided near the end can require revision and cause further delay. Litigation also can stall the process and add significantly more time and costs. Nullifying planning 2.0 through CRA disapproval permanently forces the BLM to use a planning process that wastes taxpayer money and is ineffi-cient at best. Planning 2.0 provided earlier and more frequent opportunities for public involvement as part of the new plan-ning assessment step. By inviting State, local, and tribal governments and the public to share information and participate in developing alter-natives before the draft resource man-agement plan could be published, plan-ning 2.0 made it possible to discover the issues and potential conflicts and work out solutions before huge invest-ments of time and labor were expended. Early involvement and collaboration with the public and all stakeholders made the planning process more effi-cient and effective. Under planning 2.0, the formal plan-ning process remained largely un-changed: a draft environmental impact statement and a draft plan were still required, but with an expanded public comment period, from 90 days to 100 days. Draft plan amendments are often less complex, and so the minimum comment period was reduced from 90 days to 60 days. The rule provided op-portunities to extend any comment pe-riod as necessary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.066 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1687 March 8, 2017 
Planning 2.0 preserved and enhanced partnerships with State, local, and tribal governments in the planning process. The rule maintained the co-ordination and consistency require-ments, and it recognized the special roles of State, local, and tribal govern-ments, affording opportunities to par-ticipate side-by-side with the BLM as cooperating agencies. The final plan-ning 2.0 rule took meaningful steps to accommodate requests from States and local governments to improve the plan-ning process and to ensure governors were able to raise concerns and fully engage in the planning process, as re-quired by the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act. As vice chair of the Senate Com-mittee on Indian Affairs, I closely re-view Federal actions that affect native people and Indian Country. Under plan-ning 2.0, the right of federally recog-nized tribes to government-to-govern-ment consultation was clearly enumer-ated and protected. The BLM worked extensively to make sure the new plan-ning process was more inclusive. Plan-ning 2.0 recognized the value of the knowledge, history, and culture that tribes bring to the planning effort. By formalizing the tribal consultation role and providing early and more frequent opportunities for tribes to provide input, the BLM had taken an impor-tant step to ensure Indian Country was able to be fully engaged in the process. Repealing planning 2.0 through the CRA now risks ignoring the concerns of tribes in favor of commercial interests and their lobbyists in Washington, DC. Pressures on BLM lands have in-creased in scale and complexity, and planning 2.0 encouraged the collection and use of high-quality data. It encour-aged flexibility to identify a planning area boundary that reflects the re-source issues. By looking at larger landscapes, local offices could have col-laborated where there are shared re-source issues and could have reduced conflicts and litigation for large-scale projects. Planning 2.0 would have en-abled the BLM to set clear goals and allowed local offices to work together on landscape-wide planning where re-source issues span multiple administra-tive jurisdictions. The rule identified important cor-ridors for wildlife and critical habitats early in the planning process so that those important areas could be man-aged and conserved in balance with other uses and development decisions. Working across boundaries is espe-cially important to tackle wildfire pre-vention and eradication of invasive species, which are degrading our public lands and placing neighboring private lands at risk of harm. Efficient and col-laborative planning is desperately needed to approve infrastructure projects, pipelines, and energy trans-mission corridors that are stalled under the current planning process. Eliminating planning 2.0 reinstates a cumbersome and inefficient planning process that increases burdens on in-dustries and the public. Opponents of the planning 2.0 rule mischaracterized the rule as a last minute ‘‘midnight rule’’ that excluded public comment. This is simply not true. The planning 2.0 initiative went through a transparent rulemaking process over 2 and a half years. The BLM responded to over 3,000 public comments on the draft rule and made critical changes in the final rule. Con-gress held two hearings on planning 2.0, and the BLM incorporated that infor-mation before publishing the final rule. The BLM conducted extensive public outreach through public meetings, webinars, an extended public comment period, and input from a broad spec-trum of the public that resulted in sig-nificant revisions to the final rule. However, the CRA resolution dis-approving planning 2.0 was accom-plished without public hearings and without transparency. Management of our public lands will now revert back to a process that gives commercial in-terest greater power and the public less opportunity for meaningful involve-ment. Opponents of planning 2.0 expressed concern that emphasizing landscape- scale planning could result in the pri-macy of national objectives over State and local objectives. This is not true. Planning 2.0 did not centralize deci-sionmaking in Washington, DC, or di-lute local control of the planning proc-ess. The rule actually allowed for more local community involvement and pre-served the priority status for local gov-ernments and states in land use plan-ning. Increasing the opportunity for public voices helped develop plans that met the increasingly diverse needs of western communities. Further, the rule did not require all resource man-agement plans to be multistate land-scapes. The rule provided the process for planning at larger landscape-scales when it made sense given the resources involved. The use of the Congressional Review Act to revoke planning 2.0 is a reckless tactic. Specific concerns could and should have been addressed through the regular rulemaking process or tar-geted legislation by Congress instead. Under the CRA, once Congress passes a resolution of disapproval, the BLM is prohibited from writing a new rule that is ‘‘substantially the same’’ without additional legislative action. As a re-sult, many of the provisions of plan-ning 2.0 that improved the planning process cannot be enacted or proposed again without express congressional approval. Secretary Zinke has now been con-firmed and should have been given the opportunity to consider revising plan-ning 2.0 and making any necessary changes. With passage of H.J. Res. 44, Secretary Zinke will face considerable legal uncertainty, and his authority to reformulate a new planning rule will be limited substantially. This resolution should have been rejected and the new administration given the opportunity to reformulate planning 2.0 and to make sure the public continued to have a voice in decisions that affect their way of life. 
f 
KINGSPORT CENTENNIAL Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the Tennessee General Assembly’s proclamation rec-ognizing the city of Kingsport, TN, centennial celebration. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
KINGSPORT CENTENNIAL  Whereas, it is fitting that the members of this legislative body should pause in their deliberations to recognize and honor those venerable communities of this State that are marking special occasions in their histories; and Whereas, the new city of Kingsport was in-corporated in 1917, using the historical name of a nearby town that was previously incor-porated in 1822 but lost its charter after the Civil War; and Whereas, Kingsport is the first thoroughly diversified, professionally planned, and pri-vately financed city in twentieth-century America; and Whereas, Kingsport was the first city in Tennessee, and one of the first in the nation, to adopt the ‘‘model city charter’’ estab-lishing a city manager form of government; and Whereas, Kingsport was produced by the marriage of New South philosophy and Pro-gressivism, born at a time when capitalists turned their attention to Southern Appa-lachia; and Whereas, the seeds planted in 1917 grew to become the corporate headquarters of East-man, a Fortune 300 company with a signifi-cant global presence that has provided eco-nomic opportunity for generations of Ten-nesseans; and Whereas, early founders coined the term ‘‘Kingsport Spirit’’ to describe the work ethic, can-do attitude, and caring culture that are still widely prevalent today; and Whereas, Kingsport continues to be a lead-er in innovation and collaboration to rede-fine the economic future of Tennessee and Tennesseans; and Whereas, on this milestone occasion, it is fitting that we recognize and honor the city of Kingsport and its residents: Now, there-fore, I, Randy McNally, Speaker of the Senate of the One Hundred Tenth General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, at the request of and in conjunction with Senator Jon Lundberg, do hereby proclaim that we honor and com-mend the fine citizens of Kingsport as they celebrate their city’s centennial and extend to them our best wishes for continued suc-cess and prosperity in the future. Proclaimed in Nashville, Tennessee, on this the 13th day of February 2017. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN MEDINGER Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor John Medinger on his retirement from Federal and public service. John has dedicated his career to improving the lives of individuals in the La Crosse community and across the State of Wisconsin, most recently as my southwestern Wisconsin regional representative. I am so pleased to cele-brate John’s legacy of dedicated public service and positive social change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.018 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1688 March 8, 2017 
John was born in La Crosse, WI, and has been the community’s strongest advocate ever since. He graduated from Aquinas High School and went on to receive his bachelor’s and master’s de-grees from the University of Wisconsin- La Crosse. John’s public service career began in 1972 with his work at Volunteers in Service to America, VISTA to combat poverty and racial inequality in Vir-ginia. During his time in Virginia, John developed a passion for social jus-tice that guided his future work as a public servant. In 1976, John was elected to represent the 95th district in the Wisconsin State Legislature, where he ultimately served as assistant majority leader of the assembly. As a State representa-tive, John became known for fighting domestic abuse. He authored one of Wisconsin’s first domestic violence bills to create safe houses for victims and worked with Wisconsin police de-partments to make combating domes-tic abuse a top priority. He was also known for his early leadership on gay rights issues, fighting for marriage equality, and proudly participating in La Crosse’s first PRIDE Fest. I have known few public servants as dedicated as John in serving the people he represents. He embodies the true meaning of public service. No request was too small for his devoted atten-tion. In fact, John was famous for com-ing to work on Monday after a weekend of local events with a fist full of paper scraps covered in scribbled notes from people he ran into, describing their concerns. John remembered every one of those concerns as he advocated for his constituents on the assembly floor. During a time of increasing partisan-ship, he had a knack for bringing op-posing sides together in the interest of bettering the lives of Wisconsinites. After 16 years, John left the State legislature. Although he claimed his departure was to get away from long legislative speeches, it was clear he wanted to be closer to the people he cared so much about in his hometown. Unable to stay out of public service for long, John announced his campaign for mayor in the Spring of 1997. As mayor of La Crosse, John adhered to his fun-damental belief that he was there to serve all residents of La Crosse—not just those who supported him. Guided by his VISTA experience, John created the city’s first anti-racism task force and encouraged people of color to run for local office. He is especially well- loved by the African-American and Hmong communities in La Crosse. Three U.S. Senators, myself included, had the privilege of having John rep-resent us in southwestern Wisconsin. Although times have changed and tech-nology has advanced—much to John’s chagrin—his knowledge, dedication, and connections are irreplaceable. John has taught those lucky enough to have worked with him what it means to be a true representative of the people: take your work—but not yourself—seriously, don’t hold a grudge, keep your word, and, above all, put constituents first. I will miss John a great deal, but I am delighted to wish him and his wife Dee the very best in this new chapter. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT GEN-ERAL HAROLD ‘‘HAL’’ GREGORY MOORE, JR. ∑Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, today I mourn the loss of LTG Harold ‘‘Hal’’ Gregory Moore, Jr., and to honor his life and memory as one of Georgia’s great citizens and military heroes. Having served in the U.S. Army for 32 years, Lieutenant General Moore was known for valiantly and courageously protecting his fellow Americans during the Korean and Vietnam wars and for always leading by example. He is perhaps best known for leading the 1st Battalion, 7th Calvary Regi-ment in the first major battle against North Vietnamese forces in the la Drang Valley on November 14, 1965. During that 4-day battle—which would set the tone for the entire conflict— then-Lieutenant Colonel Moore kept the promise he had made to his men: that he would be the first to set foot on the battlefield, the last to step off, and that, dead or alive, he would leave no man behind. For his leadership and dedication to his men at la Drang, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for valor. Lieutenant General Moore passed away on February 10, 2017, leaving be-hind 5 children and 11 grandchildren. He was buried with his wife of 55 years, Julia Compton Moore, at the Main Post Cemetery in Fort Benning, GA. His funeral was attended by more than 500 people, showcasing the extent to which his service, sacrifice, and leader-ship touched the lives of countless oth-ers. We will forever remember and forever aspire to live our lives in the spirit of selflessness, bravery, kindness, and compassion with which Lieutenant General Moore led his.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CARMEN DELGADO VOTAW ∑Mr.. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to a distinguished woman from the State of Maryland. Carmen Delgado Votaw, who passed away on February 18, 2017, was a civil rights pioneer, a public servant, a sto-ryteller, and a beloved community leader. Ms. Votaw was born on September 29, 1935, in Humacao, PR. She studied at the University of Puerto Rico and graduated from American University in Washington, DC, with a bachelor of arts in international studies. She was subsequently awarded an honorary doc-torate in humanities by Hood College in Frederick, MD. Ms. Votaw was appointed by Presi-dent Jimmy Carter to serve as cochair of the National Advisory Committee on Women. She served as president of the Interamerican Commission of Women of the Organization of American States in 1979–80. The first president of that body, she remains just one of two women from the United States to have served as the commission’s president. During her career, Ms. Votaw trav-elled to more than 80 countries and met with more than 50 heads of state. She was a member of the U.S. delega-tion to the International Women’s Year conference, attending conferences in Mexico City, Copenhagen, Nairobi and Beijing. Ms. Votaw was chief of staff for Puer-to Rico’s Resident Commissioner Jaime B. Fuster from 1985–91. As the first Hispanic female chief of staff for a Member of Congress, she worked to ad-dress the challenges facing 3.5 million Puerto Ricans living on the island and to build a strong network for women in the Federal Government. After leaving the U.S. House of Representatives, she was involved with the Girl Scouts of the USA, United Way of America, and the Alliance for Children and Families. Ms. Votaw was an author of a number of publications on women, including ‘‘Puerto Rican Women: Mujeres Puertorriquenas,’’ ‘‘Notable American Women,’’ ‘‘Libro de Oro,’’ and ‘‘To Our-selves Be True.’’ These stories high-light the wonderful accomplishments of women, particularly Hispanic women, who led remarkable lives and serve as role models for younger women. As a stalwart defender of civil rights for diverse populations, especially His-panics, Ms. Votaw received the His-panic Heritage Award for Education, the Mexican American Women’s Primeras Award, and numerous awards from NASA, FEW, and national and local civic organizations. Ms. Votaw served on the boards of di-rectors of numerous women’s organiza-tions, including the National Con-ference of Puerto Rican Women, which she served as national president and president of the DC chapter, the Over-seas Education Fund of the League of Women’s Voters, the Girl Scouts of the USA, the International Girl Guides, the National Women’s Political Caucus and its Appointments Coalition, the Mid-Atlantic Equity Center, and the National Coalition for Women and Girls in Education. She was also active with the Congressional Hispanic Cau-cus Institute, the Gala Hispanic The-atre, and the Maryland Women’s Herit-age Center, and she was a longtime member of the Council on Foreign Re-lations. In 1992, Ms. Votaw was inducted into the Maryland Women’s Hall of Fame for her numerous contributions to the community. In addition, she was recog-nized by the National Women’s History Project for Distinguished Lifetime Achievement in 2014. Ms. Votaw died on February 18, 2017. She is survived by her husband of more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.019 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1689 March 8, 2017 
than 50 years, Gregory B. Votaw; three children, Stephen G. Votaw of Arling-ton, VA, Michael A. and Liz Votaw of Potomac, MD, and Lisa Votaw and Brian Olson of Steamboat Springs, CO; and six grandchildren—Daniel Votaw, Alexandra Votaw, Anna Votaw, Mi-chael Todd Votaw, Taylor Delgado Olson, and Abby Olson. Ms. Votaw’s extraordinary and trans-formational contributions to our State, Nation, and world will have an impact on the lives of girls, women, and fami-lies for generations to come. Her vision of inclusivity and creating opportuni-ties for women broke barriers and shat-tered institutional societal stigmas that prevented women from achieving their dreams. Ms. Votaw lived a life of extraordinary accomplishment, and we owe her a tremendous debt of gratitude for her outstanding work in increasing equality and opportunity throughout the world. I ask my colleagues to join me in remembering Carmen Delgado Votaw and in expressing our deepest condolences to her family and count-less friends.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:10 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 442. An act to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 375. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 1174. An act to provide a lactation room in public buildings. H.R. 1362. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1174. An act to provide a lactation room in public buildings; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 1362. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 563. A bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. LEE): S. 564. A bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 565. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for transparency of payments made from the Judgment Fund; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 566. A bill to withdraw certain land in Okanogan County, Washington, to protect the land, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. HEITKAMP: S. 567. A bill to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings associa-tions to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. N ELSON , and Mrs. C APITO ): S. 568. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of re-ceipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital toward satisfying the 3-day inpa-tient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medi-care; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. B
URR, Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 569. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reli-able authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the effectiveness of the Fund for future generations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 570. A bill to improve the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to ex-pand commercial opportunities for the provi-sion of weather data, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 571. A bill to authorize the sale of cer-tain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , and Mr. T ILLIS ): S. 572. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to study the coverage gaps of the Next Generation Weather Radar of the Na-tional Weather Service and to develop a plan for improving radar coverage and hazardous weather detection and forecasting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. GRA-
HAM, Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 573. A bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 574. A bill to restrict the use of funds for the long-range standoff weapon until the Secretary of Defense completes a Nuclear Posture Review that includes an assessment of the capabilities and effects of the use of the long-range standoff weapon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. L
EE): S. 575. A bill to amend the Fair Debt Col-lection Practices Act to restrict the debt col-lection practices of certain debt collectors; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 576. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 577. A bill to require each agency, in providing notice of a rule making, to include a link to a 100 word plain language summary of the proposed rule; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 578. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide requirements for agency decision making based on science; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 579. A bill to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 580. A bill to establish agency proce-dures for the issuance of guidance docu-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 581. A bill to include information con-cerning a patient’s opioid addiction in cer-tain medical records; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): S. 582. A bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 583. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.075 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1690 March 8, 2017 
hire veterans as career law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, and Mr. G RASSLEY ): S. 584. A bill to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure com-plete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 585. A bill to provide greater whistle-blower protections for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistle-blower protections, and increased account-ability and required discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistle-blowers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mr. L EAHY ): S.J. Res. 35. A joint resolution providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mr. L EAHY ): S.J. Res. 36. A joint resolution providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Res. 83. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. Res. 84. A resolution supporting the goals of International Women’s Day; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 14 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 14, a bill to provide that Members of Congress may not receive pay after October 1 of any fiscal year in which Congress has not approved a con-current resolution on the budget and passed the regular appropriations bills. 
S. 65 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 65, a bill to address financial con-flicts of interest of the President and Vice President. 
S. 67 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. GRAHAM ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 67, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to submit to Congress a report on the designation of Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps as a foreign ter-rorist organization, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 130 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 130, a bill to require enforcement against misbranded milk alternatives. 
S. 147 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 147, a bill to prevent a taxpayer bail-out of health insurance issuers. 
S. 168 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 168, a bill to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the De-partment of Transportation. 
S. 175 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 175, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclama-tion Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow the Sec-retary of Education to award job train-ing Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 251 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 251, a bill to repeal the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board in order to ensure that it cannot be used to undermine the Medicare entitlement for beneficiaries. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 299, a bill to require the appropriation of funds to use a fee, fine, penalty, or pro-ceeds from a settlement received by a Federal agency, and for other purposes. 
S. 362 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 362, a bill to provide that 6 of the 12 weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary reg-istry to collect data on cancer inci-dence among firefighters. S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 405 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 405, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide an exclu-sion from income for student loan for-giveness for students who have died or become disabled. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 425 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 425, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 438 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 438, a bill to encourage effective, vol-untary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employ-ers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes. 
S. 465 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 465, a bill to provide for an independent outside audit of the Indian Health Service. 
S. 538 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 538, a bill to clarify research and development for wood products, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.011 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1691 March 8, 2017 
S. 543 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 543, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to in-clude in each contract into which the Secretary enters for necessary services authorities and mechanism for appro-priate oversight, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 544 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 544, a bill to amend Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 to modify the termi-nation date for the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 546 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 546, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for so-dium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 549 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 549, a bill to block implementation of the Executive Order that restricts individuals from certain countries from entering the United States. 
S. 550 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 550, a bill to restore stat-utory rights to the people of the United States from forced arbitration. 
S. 552 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 552, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to provide justice to victims of fraud. 
S.J. RES. 16 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 16, a joint resolution ap-proving the discontinuation of the process for consideration and auto-matic implementation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medicare Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act. 
S.J. RES. 27 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 27, a joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’. S.J. RES. 32 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 32, a joint resolution dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to sav-ings arrangements established by States for non-governmental employ-ees. 
S.J. RES. 33 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 33, a joint resolution dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to sav-ings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-governmental employees. 
S. RES. 23 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 23, a resolution es-tablishing the Select Committee on Cybersecurity. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 581. A bill to include information concerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise again today to share the story of this beautiful young lady, Jessie Grubb. She is a West Virginian who passed away a year ago last week, and she was only 30 years old. She was a bright young lady with a great future ahead of her. After years of struggling with heroin addiction, she had been doing very well. She had been sober since August of 2015. She had surgery for an infec-tion related to a running injury and died a day after leaving the hospital. Her story of addiction is known to many. We have told it many times here. Her father David, a former West Virginia State legislator who served with me, a friend of mine, shared their family struggle with addiction when President Obama traveled to West Vir-ginia to bring attention to the growing opiate epidemic that we are all encoun-tering in all of our States. West Virginia has been hit the hard-est by the opioid epidemic, where drug overdose deaths soared by more than 700 percent from 1999 to 2013. More than 600 lives were lost last year—just last year alone—to prescription drug over-dose, legal prescription drugs. Jessie’s story and her family’s pain are all too common in West Virginia and throughout this Nation. As I said, we lost 627 West Virginians to opiates last year alone. When you think about it, this is a pill, this is a product that is manufac-tured by some of the most regarded in-stitutions, pharmaceutical manufac-turers in the country. It has been ap-proved by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration, which basically says what we can use and what we should consume should be safe for us. It is then prescribed by the most trusted person who is not in our fam-ily—and next to our family is a doctor. You would think that this is something that should be helpful for us, that should be part of the healing process. Instead, it has been part of the killing process. It has no home. It is a silent killer. We kept our mouths shut; we didn’t say anything for many years, and now we have an epidemic on our hands, which we are trying to control. We had 61,000 West Virginians who used prescription pain medications for nonmedical purposes in 2014. This in-cludes 6,000 teenagers. As I have said, our State is not unique. The Presiding Officer’s wonderful State of North Carolina is facing the same challenges we are. Every day in our country, 91 Ameri-cans die from a prescription opiate or heroin overdose. Since 1999, we have lost almost 200,000 Americans to pre-scription opioid abuse. Jessie’s story deeply impacted Presi-dent Obama, and I spoke with him about her death and the pain her fam-ily is going through. He reached out to David and Kate and the entire Grubb family. It is horrific. When President Obama came to Charleston, Jessie was in a rehab facil-ity in Michigan for the fourth time. Be-fore her life was taken over by addic-tion in 2009, Jessie’s future was bright. She was the beloved daughter of David and Kate Grubb, a beloved sister to her four sisters, and a beloved friend to so many. She was an excellent student, scoring in the 99th percentile on all of her tests since she had been in education. She was a cheerleader at Roosevelt Junior High School, and she was an avid run-ner, an athlete. At the time of her death, she was looking forward to running in her first marathon. She had been training for that. The only trouble she had ever gotten into at school was when she pro-tested the Iraq war, and she was on the right side of that one. Needless to say, she was a natural- born leader. After graduating from Capital High School, she was thrilled and looking forward to her bright fu-ture at the University of North Caro-lina at Asheville. She was sexually assaulted during her first semester, which caused her to withdraw from school and return to Charleston. The traumatic event that caused Jessie to turn to heroin to es-cape the pain was that horrific experi-ence. Over the next 7 years, Jessie would battle her addiction. She would over-dose four times and go into rehab four 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.013 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1692 March 8, 2017 
times. Until her death, she had been sober for 6 months and was focused on making a life for herself in Michigan. All of her hard work was ruined be-cause of a careless mistake. I introduced this piece of bipartisan legislation; everybody has been so kind on that. It makes so much common sense. I introduced it almost a year ago. At the time, I told David, Kate, and the family: This is something that should be a no-brainer. This is some-thing we should easily pass. It was called Jessie’s Law, after this beautiful young lady. I will explain how the events un-folded, and then I will go into the bill. Her parents, David and Kate, traveled to Michigan for her surgery. They trav-eled to Michigan, and they told her doctors and the hospital personnel that she was a recovering addict. Jessie con-firmed it. She said: Yes, I have strug-gled. I am clean. I am proud, and I want to get healthy. I want to get my leg injury fixed, and I want to run that marathon. After Jessie’s surgery, the dis-charging doctor, who said he didn’t know she was a recovering addict—the parents were there when she was ad-mitted. She told him. You would have thought they would have asked: Do you have any allergies, penicillin? You would have thought they would have flagged it: I am a recovering ad-dict. They sent her home with a prescrip-tion for 50 oxycodone—50 oxycodone— because they did not know, because her records had not been properly identi-fied, that she was very prone, being a recovering addict, to any type of opi-ate. There are other ways of treating pain. Not knowing, the doctor went ahead and released her with what a normal person would get for pain relief. Needless to say, she should never have gotten that prescription—no way, shape, or form. We must ensure this never happens again. That is why today I am reintroducing Jessie’s Law. Let me tell you what I ran into. David and Kate accompanied her as the parents. They were with their beautiful daughter. They both confirmed that she had an addiction problem and she was recovering: Please, we want you to notify anybody who handles, anyone who dispenses, anyone who is working with Jessie. Please know what we are dealing with is very fragile. I said: We will write the legislation. And we did; we wrote the legislation. If you have a consenting guardian, par-ent, and a consenting patient, it should be flagged. Because of privacy laws, we know we are very concerned about that. For some reason, I cannot get past the bureaucracy of getting this bill to the floor to be voted on because they are saying there is objection to the privacy laws with the parents’ being involved. So guess what. I finally called David, and I called Kate, and I said: I know you would think it makes common sense that, basically, we should be able to pass legislation the way we would like to pass it—where the parents acknowledge it and the pa-tient, who is their child, acknowledges it. They both are cooperating, and it should be done. In order to try to get this piece of legislation passed as quickly as pos-sible, we are taking off the parents. It is only the patient herself. Jessie comes in and says: I want you to know I am a recovering addict. Please make sure that everybody who handles my case knows that. That is all we are asking for. I am hopeful, Mr. President, that you and others will be able to join me because we don’t want anybody in North Carolina going through what we have gone through in West Virginia or what the Grubb family has gone through, losing this beautiful, bright, talented young lady. It should never happen in this country. Even the healthcare providers are saying: We need this legislation to go forward so we can identify that, so we can mark that, hotline that, redline that, and so that anybody who is han-dling Jessie from the beginning to the end, especially when they are dis-charged, is going to have knowledge. In no way, shape, or form will anybody prescribe an opiate or any type of ad-dictive painkiller that they are going to be affected by, because their life has been changed by it already. The bottom line is that we need to go at this problem from every angle with the help of everyone: family assistance, counseling programs, drug courts, con-sumer and medical education, law en-forcement support, State and Federal legislation. We need everything. This is a fight we can’t lose. This is the first time in my lifetime that my State has fallen under 50 per-cent of adults of working age not work-ing. We are down to 49.6 percent. We have always had the reputation of hav-ing some of the greatest workers—hard workers—giving you a good hard-work-ing day for good hard-working pay. They have always been there. We just have too few of them. There are three things that keep you out of the work-force, basically: a lack of skill sets, if you are addicted or you have a crimi-nal record, or a combination. Addiction has taken over and has basically changed the lives of Americans, changed the lives of West Virginia, and it is ruining families. There is no way that her sisters and David and Kate, her parents, are ever going to get over losing Jessie. There is no reason they should have lost Jessie and no reason you should lose another North Carolinian—none of us. As to the situation where they are go in and they are identified by all the professionals with the help they need in the systems they are asking for, we owe that to every person in America, and we owe it to Jessie. So I am asking for the cooperation of all my colleagues—the continuous sup-port, tireless work that everyone has done. Jessie’s death is heartbreaking and reminds us all that this is one death that could have been prevented and one death that should never hap-pen again because of a lack of legisla-tion that prevents us, because of the privacy laws, to identify a person that is in need. If you are looking at addiction and happen to be looking at addiction as an illness, an illness needs care. If they need care, then we are going to give them the care to protect them while they are getting that care. That is all this does. I hope it is something we can do as quickly as possible. We will be forever grateful. In Jessie’s memory, her parents are going to be forever grateful. Basically, Jessie’s life will not be in vain. That is exactly why I am here. I am not going to sit still and lose a beautiful person who could con-tribute to society the way this young lady was going to contribute to society and say there is nothing we can do. We can do it and do it in her honor. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. C RUZ): S. 583. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 583 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PRIORITIZING HIRING AND TRAINING OF VETERANS. 
Section 1701(b)(2) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)(2)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, including by prioritizing the hiring and training of veterans (as defined in sec-tion 101 of title 38, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘Nation’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 83—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE TRAF-FICKING OF ILLICIT FENTANYL INTO THE UNITED STATES FROM MEXICO AND CHINA Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 83 Whereas the United States continues to ex-perience a prescription opioid and heroin overdose epidemic that claimed more than 33,000 lives in 2015; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.064 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1693 March 8, 2017 
Whereas fentanyl is a synthetic opioid and the euphoric effects of fentanyl are some-times indistinguishable from the euphoric ef-fects of heroin or morphine; Whereas the effect of fentanyl can be up to 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine; Whereas although pharmaceutical fentanyl can be diverted for misuse, most fentanyl deaths are believed to be linked to illicitly manufactured fentanyl and illicit versions of chemically similar compounds known as fentanyl analogs (collectively referred to in this preamble as ‘‘illicit fentanyl’’); Whereas illicit fentanyl is potentially le-thal even if only a very small quantity is in-gested or inhaled; Whereas across the United States, illicit fentanyl use and related deaths are rising at alarming rates; Whereas illicit fentanyl is cheaper to man-ufacture than heroin and the sale of illicit fentanyl is highly profitable for drug dealers; Whereas illicit fentanyl is sold for its her-oin-like effects and illicit fentanyl is often mixed with heroin, cocaine, or methamphet-amine as a combination product, with or without the knowledge of the user; Whereas illicit fentanyl is often produced to physically resemble other opioid pain medicines, such as oxycodone, which sell for high amounts on the street; Whereas drug users often overdose on il-licit fentanyl because users are unaware that they are ingesting illicit fentanyl and do not anticipate the toxicity and potential lethality of illicit fentanyl; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, between 2014 and 2015, the death rate from overdoses caused by synthetic opioids, including illicit fentanyl and synthetic opioid pain relievers other than methadone and heroin, increased 72 percent; Whereas, in 2016, the Drug Enforcement Administration (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘DEA’’) issued a National Drug Threat Assessment Summary, which found that Mexican transnational criminal organi-zations are— (1) the greatest criminal drug threat to the United States; and (2) poly-drug organizations that use estab-lished transportation routes and distribution networks to traffic heroin, methamphet-amine, cocaine, and marijuana throughout the United States; Whereas, in 2016, the DEA issued a Na-tional Heroin Threat Assessment Summary, which found that ‘‘starting in late 2013, sev-eral states reported spikes in overdose deaths due to fentanyl and its analog acetyl- fentanyl’’; Whereas the 2016 National Heroin Threat Assessment Summary found that— (1) Mexican drug traffickers are expanding their operations to gain a larger share of eastern United States heroin markets; and (2) the availability of heroin is increasing throughout the United States; Whereas in 2015, there were more than 9,580 overdose deaths in the United States caused by synthetic opioids, including— (1) illicit fentanyl; and (2) synthetic opioid pain relievers other than methadone and heroin; Whereas the number of deaths attributable to illicit fentanyl may be significantly underreported because— (1) coroners and medical examiners do not test, or lack the resources to test, routinely for fentanyl; (2) crime laboratories lack the resources to test routinely for fentanyl; and (3) illicit fentanyl deaths may erroneously be attributed to heroin; Whereas, in March 2015, the DEA issued a nationwide alert on illicit fentanyl as a threat to health and public safety; Whereas, in October 2015, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a health advisory through its Health Alert Network— (1) to make public health officials aware of the increase in fentanyl-related overdose fa-talities; (2) to provide recommendations for im-proving detection of fentanyl-related over-dose outbreaks; and (3) to encourage States to expand access to, and training on, naloxone; Whereas, in August 2016, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention updated the health advisory issued in October 2015 to make public health officials aware of the in-creasing— (1) availability of counterfeit pills con-taining various amounts of fentanyl and fentanyl-related compounds; and (2) frequency with which fentanyl-related compounds are mixed with, or sold as, her-oin; Whereas illicit fentanyl has the potential to endanger public health workers, first re-sponders, and law enforcement personnel who may unwittingly come into contact with illicit fentanyl by accidentally inhaling airborne powder; Whereas, according to the DEA— (1) Mexico is the primary source for illicit fentanyl trafficked into the United States; and (2) distributors in China are the source of the fentanyl analogs and the precursor chemicals to manufacture fentanyl analogs that are found in Mexico and Canada; Whereas fentanyl produced illicitly in Mexico is— (1) smuggled across the southwest border of the United States, or delivered through mail and express consignment couriers; and (2) often mixed with heroin or diluents in the United States and then distributed in the same United States markets in which white powder heroin is distributed; and Whereas United States law enforcement of-ficials have recently seen— (1) an influx of illicit fentanyl into the United States directly from China; (2) shipments of the equipment to manu-facture illicit fentanyl, such as pill presses; and (3) some illicit fentanyl products being smuggled into the United States across the northern border with Canada: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the use of illicit fentanyl in the United States and the resulting overdose deaths are a public health crisis; (2) the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States, especially the trafficking of illicit fentanyl by transnational criminal organizations, is a problem that requires close cooperation between the United States Government and the Governments of Mexico and China; (3) the United States Government and the Governments of Mexico and China have a shared interest in, and responsibility for, stopping the production of illicit fentanyl and its trafficking into the United States; (4) the United States should— (A) support efforts by the Governments of Mexico and China to stop the production of illicit fentanyl and its trafficking into the United States; and (B) take further measures to reduce and prevent heroin and fentanyl consumption through— (i) enhanced enforcement to reduce the il-legal supply; and (ii) increased use of evidence-based preven-tion, treatment, and recovery services; and 
(5) the United States Government, includ-ing the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, should use the broad diplomatic and law enforcement re-sources of the United States, in partnership with the Governments of Mexico and China, to stop the production of illicit fentanyl and its trafficking into the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 84—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS OF INTER-NATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 84 Whereas, as of March 2017, there are more than 3,672,000,000 women in the world; Whereas women around the world— (1) have fundamental rights; (2) participate in the political, social, and economic lives of their communities; (3) play a critical role in providing and car-ing for their families; (4) contribute substantially to economic growth and the prevention and resolution of conflict; and (5) as farmers and caregivers, play an im-portant role in the advancement of food se-curity for their communities; Whereas the advancement of women around the world is a foreign policy priority for the United States; Whereas at his confirmation hearing, Sec-retary of State Rex Tillerson— (1) spoke about the importance of empow-ering women; and (2) noted that there is ‘‘study after study to confirm that when you empower women in these developing parts of the world, you change the future of the country’’; Whereas 2017 marks— (1) the 22nd anniversary of the Fourth World Conference on Women, at which 189 countries committed to integrating gender equality into each dimension of society; and (2) the 6th anniversary of the establish-ment of the first United States National Ac-tion Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, which includes a comprehensive set of com-mitments by the United States to advance the meaningful participation of women in decisionmaking relating to matters of war or peace; Whereas the United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, revised in June 2016, states that ‘‘[d]eadly conflicts can be more effectively avoided, and peace can be best forged and sustained, when women become equal partners in all aspects of peacebuilding and conflict prevention, when their lives are protected, their voices heard, and their perspectives taken into ac-count.’’; Whereas there are 63 national action plans around the world, and there are several addi-tional national action plans known to be in development; Whereas the joint strategy of the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development entitled ‘‘De-partment of State & USAID Joint Strategy on Countering Violent Extremism’’ and dated May 2016— (1) notes that women can play a critical role in identifying and addressing drivers of violent extremism in their families, commu-nities, and broader society; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.024 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1694 March 8, 2017 
(2) commits to supporting programs that engage women ‘‘as key stakeholders in pre-venting and countering violent extremism in their communities’’; Whereas, despite the historical underrep-resentation of women in conflict resolution processes, women in conflict-affected regions have nevertheless achieved significant suc-cess in— (1) moderating violent extremism; (2) countering terrorism; (3) resolving disputes through nonviolent mediation and negotiation; and (4) stabilizing societies by improving ac-cess to peace and security— (A) services; (B) institutions; and (C) venues for decisionmaking; Whereas, according to the United Nations, peace negotiations are more likely to end in a peace agreement when women’s groups play an influential role in the negotiation process; Whereas, according to a study by the Inter-national Peace Institute, a peace agreement is 35 percent more likely to last at least 15 years if women participate in the develop-ment of the peace agreement; Whereas, according to the Bureau of Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs of the Department of State, the full and meaningful participation of women in secu-rity forces vastly enhances the effectiveness of the security forces; Whereas, on August 30, 2015, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of State for For-eign and Commonwealth Affairs of the United Kingdom highlighted, ‘‘our goal must be to build societies in which sexual violence is treated—legally and by every institution of authority—as the serious and wholly in-tolerable crime that it is. We have seen glob-al campaigns and calls to action draw atten-tion to this issue and mobilize governments and organizations to act. But transformation requires the active participation of men and women everywhere. We must settle for noth-ing less than a united world saying no to sex-ual violence and yes to justice, fairness and peace.’’; Whereas approximately 15,000,000 girls are married every year before they reach the age of 18, which means that— (1) 41,000 girls are married every day; or (2) 1 girl is married every 2 seconds; Whereas, according to UNICEF— (1) approximately 
1⁄4of girls between the ages of 15 and 19 are victims of physical vio-lence; and (2) it is estimated that 1 in 3 women around the world has experienced some form of physical or sexual violence; Whereas, according to the 2016 report of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime entitled ‘‘Global Report on Traf-ficking in Persons’’— (1) 79 percent of all detected trafficking victims are women and children; and (2) while trafficking for the purposes of sexual exploitation and forced labor are the most prominently detected forms of traf-ficking, the trafficking of women and girls for the purpose of forced marriage is emerg-ing as a more prevalent form of trafficking; Whereas 603,000,000 women live in countries in which domestic violence is not criminalized; Whereas, on August 10, 2012, the Federal Government launched a strategy entitled ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Re-spond to Gender-Based Violence Globally’’, which is the first interagency strategy that— (1) addresses gender-based violence around the world; (2) advances the rights and status of women and girls; (3) promotes gender equality in United States foreign policy; and (4) works to bring about a world in which all individuals can pursue their aspirations without the threat of violence; Whereas, in June 2016, the Department of State released an update to the strategy en-titled ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Violence Glob-ally’’, based on internal evaluations, lessons learned, and consultations with civil society, that underscores that ‘‘preventing and re-sponding to gender-based violence is a cor-nerstone of the U.S. government’s commit-ment to advancing human rights and pro-moting gender equality and the empower-ment of women and girls’’; Whereas the ability of women and girls to realize their full potential is critical to the ability of a country to achieve— (1) strong and lasting economic growth; and (2) political and social stability; Whereas, according to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organi-zation— (1) 2⁄3of the 778,000,000 illiterate individuals in the world are female; and (2) 130,000,000 girls worldwide are not in school; Whereas, according to the United States Agency for International Development, as compared to uneducated women, educated women are— (1) less likely to marry as children; and (2) more likely to have healthier families; Whereas, although the United Nations Mil-lennium Project reached the goal of achiev-ing gender parity in primary education in most countries in 2015, more work remains to be done to achieve gender equality in pri-mary education worldwide by addressing— (1) discriminatory practices; (2) cultural norms; (3) inadequate sanitation facilities; and (4) other factors that favor boys; Whereas, according to the United Nations, women have access to fewer income earning opportunities and are more likely to manage the household or engage in agricultural work than men, making women more vulnerable to economic insecurity caused by— (1) natural disasters; and (2) long term changes in weather patterns; Whereas women around the world— (1) face a variety of constraints that se-verely limit their economic participation and productivity; and (2) are underrepresented in the labor force; Whereas closing the global gender gap in labor markets could increase worldwide gross domestic product by as much as $28,000,000,000,000 by 2025; Whereas despite the achievements of indi-vidual female leaders— (1) women around the world remain vastly underrepresented in— (A) high-level positions; and (B) national and local legislatures and gov-ernments; and (2) according to the Inter-Parliamentary Union, women account for only 22 percent of national parliamentarians and 17.7 percent of government ministers; Whereas, according to the World Health Organization, during the period beginning in 1990 and ending in 2015, global maternal mor-tality decreased by approximately 44 per-cent, but approximately 830 women die from preventable causes relating to pregnancy or childbirth each day, and 99 percent of all ma-ternal deaths occur in developing countries; Whereas according to the World Health Or-ganization— (1) suicide is the leading cause of death for girls between the ages of 15 and 19; and (2) complications from pregnancy or child-birth is the second-leading cause of death for those girls; Whereas the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reports that women and girls comprise approximately 1⁄2 of the 65,300,000 refugees and internally dis-placed or stateless individuals in the world; Whereas it is imperative— (1) to alleviate violence and discrimination against women; and (2) to afford women every opportunity to be full and productive members of their com-munities; Whereas violence, discrimination, and harmful practices against women and girls are a direct result of negative social norms that undervalue females in society; and Whereas March 8, 2017, is recognized as International Women’s Day, a global day— (1) to celebrate the economic, political, and social achievements of women in the past, present, and future; and (2) to recognize the obstacles that women face in the struggle for equal rights and op-portunities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of International Women’s Day; (2) recognizes that the empowerment of women is inextricably linked to the poten-tial of a country to generate— (A) economic growth; (B) sustainable democracy; and (C) inclusive security; (3) recognizes and honors individuals in the United States and around the world, includ-ing women human rights defenders and civil society leaders, that have worked through-out history to ensure that women are guar-anteed equality and basic human rights; (4) recognizes the unique cultural, histor-ical, and religious differences throughout the world and urges the United States Govern-ment to act with respect and understanding toward legitimate differences when pro-moting any policies; (5) reaffirms the commitment— (A) to end discrimination and violence against women and girls; (B) to ensure the safety and welfare of women and girls; (C) to pursue policies that guarantee the basic human rights of women and girls worldwide; and (D) to promote meaningful and significant participation of women in every aspect of so-ciety and community; (6) supports sustainable, measurable, and global development that seeks to achieve gender equality and the empowerment of women; and (7) encourages the people of the United States to observe International Women’s Day with appropriate programs and activi-ties. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, March 8, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate office building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Legislative Hearing on S512 the Nu-clear Energy Innovation and Mod-ernization Act.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.025 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1695 March 8, 2017 
COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND TRANSPORTATION  
COMMITTEE  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, March 8, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SH– 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The Committee will hold a Hearing on ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communica-tions Commission.’’ 
HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL  
AFFAIRS COMMITTEE  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, March 8, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., on the nomination of Hon. Elaine C. Duke to be Deputy Sec-retary, U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, March 8, 2017, in room 628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m. to conduct an oversight hearing on ‘‘Identifying Indian Affairs Priorities for the Trump Administration.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CYBERSECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Cybersecurity of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, March 8, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., to receive a briefing on Cyber Security from the Defense Science Board. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
The Subcommittee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, March 8, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., to re-ceive testimony on the Global Nuclear Weapons Environment. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dr. Mary Schuh, a fellow in my Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on be-half of Senator S
HAHEEN of New Hamp-shire, I ask unanimous consent that Sonia Tarantolo, a foreign policy fel-low in her office, be granted floor privi-leges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Tim Abram, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges through July 31, 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
METROPOLITAN PLANNING ORGA-NIZATION COORDINATION AND PLANNING AREA REFORM RE-PEAL ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 496 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 496) to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 496) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 496 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPEAL. 
The rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Ad-ministration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Plan-ning Organization Coordination and Plan-ning Area Reform’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 93448 (De-cember 20, 2016)) shall have no force or effect, and any regulation revised by that rule shall be applied as if that rule had not been issued. f 
APPROVING THE LOCATION OF A MEMORIAL TO COMMEMORATE AND HONOR THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO SERVED ON ACTIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF OPERATION DESERT STORM OR OPERATION DESERT SHIELD Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee be discharged from further consider-ation of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S.J. Res. 1. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the joint resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 1) approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Op-eration Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the joint resolution be read a third time and passed, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 1) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. The preamble was agreed to. The joint resolution, with its pre-amble, reads as follows: S.J. R ES. 1 Whereas section 8908(b)(1) of title 40, United States Code, provides that the loca-tion of a commemorative work in Area I, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Commemora-tive Areas Washington, DC and Environs’’, numbered 869/86501 B, and dated June 24, 2003, shall be deemed to be authorized only if a recommendation for the location is approved by law not later than 150 calendar days after the date on which Congress is notified of the recommendation; Whereas section 3093 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 113–291) author-ized the National Desert Storm Memorial Association to establish a memorial on Fed-eral land in the District of Columbia, to honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield; and Whereas the Secretary of the Interior has notified Congress of the determination of the Secretary of the Interior that the memorial should be located in Area I: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the location of a commemorative work to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield au-thorized by section 3093 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 113–291), within Area I, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Commemorative Areas Washington, DC and Environs’’, numbered 869/86501 B, and dated June 24, 2003, is approved. f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS OF INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 84, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 84) supporting the goals of International Women’s Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, on this International Women’s Day, we celebrate the remarkable social, eco-nomic, and political achievements of women around the world, but we also take stock of the barriers that con-tinue to prevent hundreds of millions of women from contributing their tal-ents as equal members of the human family. As in years past, this year I am again joining with Senator S
USAN COLLINS in submitting a bipartisan resolution commemorating International Wom-en’s Day and highlighting its goal of advancing the equality and empower-ment of women all across the globe. I especially appreciate Senator C
OLLINS ’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.026 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1696 March 8, 2017 
unwavering support in working with me on this resolution. It has been said that no nation can get ahead if it leaves half of its people behind, and in the 21st century, wher-ever women are respected and treated as equals, we excel, as the Presiding Of-ficer knows, as legislators, as sci-entists, as entrepreneurs, artists, in-ventors, warriors, and in every other field. But the harsh reality remains that women make up some 51 percent of the world’s population, yet we ac-count for an estimated 70 percent of those living in poverty and two-thirds of those denied even a basic education. So on this International Women’s Day, we celebrate women’s achieve-ments, and we rededicate ourselves to achieving an equal voice, equal partici-pation, and equal rights for all women. We also acknowledge that we still have much difficult work ahead of us. Research tells us that women and girls’ equality can be transformational for their communities and for entire countries, yet in some of the poorest parts of the world—and even in some wealthier countries—women and girls continue to be held back by injustices such as child marriage, sexual and do-mestic violence, denial of education, and lack of access to contraception and maternal healthcare. In recent years, we have learned more about the intersection of so many of these issues that affect women. When girls are forced into early mar-riage, when women are denied contra-ception and have children at a very young age, this typically ends any chance to gain an education and in-come-earning employment. This lack of economic influence means that women remain powerless within their families and, too often, within their communities. And this, in turn, can lead to violence against women and the denial of women’s most basic human and civil rights. The good news is that this same interconnectedness can work to em-power women and to lift up commu-nities. When women and girls’ rights are respected, when we have access to education and family planning serv-ices, this unleashes women’s ability to participate equally in the community, in the workplace, and even in the polit-ical arena. Indeed, we can now quantify so many of the positive ripple effects. For exam-ple, each additional year of education increases a woman’s income by 25 per-cent. We know that children born to educated mothers are twice as likely to survive past the age of 5. By mobilizing the talents of the previously neglected half of the population—in too many places—we create more stable societies and more rapid economic development. For decades, the United States has been a world leader in advancing and protecting the rights of women and girls around the world, including their access to contraception and family planning. In particular, I want to ap-plaud the excellent work of the State Department’s Office of Global Women’s Issues. I am sponsoring legislation in this session to give this office perma-nent authorization, with an ambas-sador leading it. However, on this International Wom-en’s Day, we must also acknowledge actions to abdicate America’s leader-ship role in advancing women’s rights. Indeed, both at home and abroad, the Trump administration has exhibited a dangerous obsession with rolling back women’s reproductive rights. President Trump has promised to nominate Su-preme Court Justices who will over-turn Roe v. Wade. He has joined with some of the Republican leaders in Con-gress in pledging to terminate funding for Planned Parenthood. In one of his first official acts, the President signed an Executive order re-instating and expanding the Mexico City policy, also known as the global gag rule. This rule prohibits U.S. finan-cial aid to many international organi-zations that offer contraception and comprehensive family planning serv-ices to women. As if the reinstatement of this policy weren’t bad enough, the administra-tion’s Executive order dramatically ex-panded the policy to apply to all U.S.- funded global health programs—so not just family planning and counseling programs. But we believe that this ex-pansion will include our HIV/AIDS pro-gram, known as PEPFAR, which has been so positive in saving so many lives in Africa. It was started by George W. Bush. We also think it will affect initiatives that fund the fights against the Ebola and Zika outbreaks, and this puts at risk 15 times more funding and millions more women and their families around the world. Taken together, all of these actions by the new administration I believe amount to an assault on the safety and well-being of women and girls across the globe. I have joined with Senator S
USAN  C
OLLINS , Senator L ISAMURKOWSKI , and 45 other Senators in introducing bipar-tisan legislation to permanently repeal the global gag rule. I believe—and it is well documented—that this is a mis-guided policy that ignores decades of research. We shouldn’t allow extreme ideology to triumph over the urgent practical needs of women across the world. The facts make clear that when family planning services are accessible and contraceptives are affordable, rates of unplanned pregnancies and abortions go down. According to the World Health Orga-nization, there is an estimated 225 mil-lion women in the world who would like access to family planning services, and we know that makes a difference. Here in the United States, the abortion rate has dropped to the lowest level since 1943, a success that is directly at-tributable to the reduced cost sharing for contraception under the Affordable Care Act. I can attest to that because in New Hampshire, we have one of the lowest incidences of teen pregnancy in the country. In January, we saw millions of women, men, and children, turn out for marches in Washington, New York, London, Nairobi, Tokyo, in my home capital of Concord, NH, and in dozens of other cities across the country and around the world. I think we can look at that as an early celebration of Inter-national Women’s Day because what we heard from those marching was that we were marching in defense of the rights of American women, of Muslim women, of women of color, and of all women and girls across the globe. The world heard our message loudly and clearly. We will not allow our re-productive rights and our human rights to be taken away. We will not allow women to be targeted for discrimina-tion. We will not be taken backward. That was our message in January, and it is our message on this Inter-national Women’s Day. We have fought long and hard for equal rights and equal treatment here in the United States. We are also celebrating women here in the United States. We have many women who have taken the day off to recognize the role that women play that is so significant in our society, and many of us are also wearing red to demonstrate that. So on this day of celebration and solidarity, we are de-termined to go forward to build on the progress of recent decades, and we re-dedicate ourselves to achieving re-spect, equality, and justice for every woman in every community and every country across the globe. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 84) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, March 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and that morning business be closed; fi-nally, that 30 minutes of the majority time on H.J. Res. 57 be under the con-trol of Senator B
LUNT or his designee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.070 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1697 March 8, 2017 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION—Continued 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators L
ANKFORD and W ARREN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, in December of 2015, President Obama signed the Every Student Succeeds Act after it passed this body with over-whelming bipartisan support—85 of 100 Senators supported the bill. The Wall Street Journal called the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act ‘‘the largest devolu-tion of federal control to the states in a quarter-century.’’ It also had the sup-port of Governors, State legislators, chief State school officers, school dis-trict superintendents, local school boards, principals, and teachers unions, who all agreed on the need to replace No Child Left Behind. The core of the education reform in the Every Student Succeeds Act was to restore local control to the States—not just control for them but that they would have the responsibility and the authority for things such as school ac-countability, teacher evaluation, stu-dent evaluation. It is very clear. In fact, the Every Student Succeeds Act says things very specifically. States are solely responsible for choosing which standards to adopt. The Sec-retary cannot mandate, direct, or con-trol State standards. The Secretary of Education cannot require, coerce, or incentivize States to adopt common core State standards. States are re-sponsible for choosing which assess-ments to adopt. The Secretary of Edu-cation cannot mandate, direct, or con-trol State assessments for education. States design their own system for holding schools accountable and decide which schools to identify for school intervention and support. The Sec-retary cannot add new requirements or criteria on State accountability sys-tems that are not in the law. States and local school districts decide what strategies they will implement to help fix identified schools without Federal interference. The Secretary of Edu-cation cannot prescribe how States and local school districts improve those schools. Congress passed that clear education law to take power out of Washington, DC, and from the Department of Edu-cation and the Secretary of Education and hand it back to the States. Five months after the bill was signed, the Obama administration changed their mind and released regu-lations to take back school decision-making and accountability, in direct violation of the law. Eighty-five of one hundred of us agreed that our passion is for every school district, every parent, every State to take care of every child; that no child would be left behind by switching to local control rather than Federal centralized control. But when this new rule was put out by the Obama administration, they reinter-preted that clear law. Let me tell you what they said in the rule. In the rule, they dictate to States the consequences for schools that don’t annually test at least 95 percent of their students. They prescribe to the States and school districts how they would inter-vene and improve schools that don’t exit from this identification process of being an underperforming school. They limit how States may measure school quality or student success based on 4-year graduation rates. They define how much weight States must afford to non-test-based indica-tors in their accountability systems. This regulation prescribes the long- term goals and measurements of progress that States would use for their student subgroups. This new regulation prescribes when schools may exit from comprehensive support based on improvement. This new regulation mandates that States comply with specific Wash-ington, DC, created requirements in-stead of letting the school districts or the States determine how best to pro-ceed on those requirements. This new regulation limits how States award school improvement funding to school districts and schools. This new regulation adds a new and burdensome reporting requirement every 4 years on States and local school districts that will drive up com-pliance costs and will divert resources away from students in the classrooms, in direct violation of what we passed. This new regulation requires States to establish a statewide definition for ‘‘infective teacher,’’ requiring a state-wide system of evaluation controlled by DC. This new regulation limits how stu-dents are scored when they have exited from special education. This new regulation controls how the school report cards are created and how long they are. This is what we were exiting from with No Child Left Behind. We said in that vote for Every Student Succeeds that Washington, DC, should not do this. This rule directly violated the spirit and the letter of the law and will put the new Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, in charge of school eval-uation, teacher evaluation, and student success. That is not her role or the in-tent of this law when we passed it, re-gardless of who is the Secretary of Education. Our intent was to provide maximum flexibility for the States and the parents. The rule is central control from Washington, DC. It is essential that we stop this rule right now. While some of my colleagues have said: Let’s just wait, and we will do regulations, and we will unwind some of this—they are basically admit-ting that the Trump administration will fix the Obama administration overreach. I understand that state-ment. I think there will be some unwinding of regulations, but here is why it must be done right now—two reasons. One is, when we do this right now with a Congressional Review Act, we settle this forever, that no adminis-tration ever, as long as this law is in place, can repromulgate a rule and turn right back around and say Wash-ington, DC, is going to control teacher evaluation, student success evaluation, and school evaluation. This ends that forever. The second thing is, right now schools in Oklahoma have already di-verted resources in their administra-tion, and they are filling out forms that are due to Washington, DC, in April to fulfill this new requirement that was put down by the administra-tion. If we don’t end this now, the dis-tricts in Oklahoma and in all of the States represented by this great Sen-ate—their administrators will be work-ing on forms for Washington, DC, rath-er than educating children at home. Let’s get those folks back in the class-room, working on things that matter, not some form that no one in Wash-ington, DC, will read anyway. Why don’t we allow our schools to focus on educating kids instead of filling out forms for the Secretary of Education? That is the reason we passed the Every Student Succeeds Act. I encourage this body to support H.J. Res. 57 when it comes up. This will fix this overreach and will put a perma-nent marker down to say we meant it when Congress said to the administra-tion: Do not control local education. Let the States and the parents do it. With that, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Massachusetts. 
NOMINATION OF SEEMA VERMA AND THE  
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote against the confirmation of Seema Verma to serve as Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. CMS oversees the administration of the Medicare and Medicaid Programs. These programs provide healthcare coverage to grandparents, people with disabilities, foster kids, seniors living in nursing homes, single mothers, and babies. CMS is also in charge of imple-menting many parts of the Affordable Care Act and making sure that the pro-tections guaranteed in the law are en-forced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.072 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1698 March 8, 2017 
In other words, CMS is the part of government that we entrust with car-rying out the commitments we have made to protect our health and our ac-cess to healthcare. We need someone to run these programs who is a champion for Medicare, Medicaid, and the Afford-able Care Act and someone who can stand up to Republicans in Congress and stand up to the Trump administra-tion when they try to burn these prom-ises and turn their backs on the people who need help. On Monday night, the Republicans fi-nally revealed their latest plan to rip health insurance away from millions of Americans. After years of railing about how the ACA was too long and too complicated, the Republicans spent weeks working on a secret plan— locked in a room, hidden somewhere in the United States Capitol. They didn’t want anyone to see it. Here is a news flash: If you have to hide your plans from the American public, that is a pretty good sign that you are headed in the wrong direction. Now we know why they were so afraid to let anyone else take a look at the plan. The plan is ugly—really, real-ly, ugly. The Republicans’ plan would rip health insurance away from mil-lions of Americans. Right off the top, the bill will end the Medicaid expansion established in the ACA. Right now, 11 million adults are covered by that expansion, and the Re-publican plan will end it. That is right—end it. Millions more Americans are using ACA subsidies to buy their health insurance. For the families who need it most, those subsidies will be cut. For seniors, prices will rise, and that means millions more people will not be able to afford health insurance. The Republican bill promises tax credits to help people pay for their in-surance, but this is an empty promise because the tax credits are designed to be too small to actually cover the costs of paying for healthcare. If you have a 2-month break in your health insur-ance coverage, no matter the reason, the Republican bill would let insurance companies charge you a 30-percent pen-alty on top of your premium for an en-tire year. That is right. If you lose your job and scramble to find a new plan, you have exactly 62 days to lock down that plan because 1 day longer than that, and you are slapped with a 30-percent penalty. By the way, it is not a penalty paid to the government to help finance healthcare. No. It is a penalty paid to a $1 billion insurance company. Repub-licans should be ashamed of them-selves. Too bad if being able to buy afford-able coverage on the ACA exchange has given you access to health insurance while you start your small business. Too bad if your healthcare has given you free cancer screening. Too bad if your healthcare has given you access to treatment for substance abuse dis-order. All that is gone under the Re-publican plan. So there it is—the Republicans’ plan to take away health insurance for mil-lions and millions of Americans. The Republican plan is cruel, and it gets worse. The Republican healthcare plan gets worse because it also delivers a gut punch to the rest of the Medicaid Pro-gram—the part that predates the ACA by decades. It does so by putting a cap on overall funding that States can re-ceive and then strictly limiting the growth in that cap. This growth rate is deliberately set lower than the actual growth rate in medical costs for Med-icaid beneficiaries. Why? So Repub-licans can cut the Federal Govern-ment’s commitment to Medicaid with-out using the word ‘‘cut.’’ I don’t know if they think we are just too dumb to notice, but they are cut-ting Medicaid. Of course, people will still get sick and will still need med-ical care, so what the Republicans are doing is shifting hundreds of billions of dollars in Medicaid costs to State gov-ernments, which will struggle to pick up the tab, or shifting those costs to hospitals and doctors, who will not get paid, or shifting it to the families themselves, who will try to manage those bills. Understand what that means. Right now, if you qualify for Medicaid cov-erage, you get Medicaid coverage. That has been the law for decades, but the Republicans want to change that. With the cap, if you qualify for Medicaid coverage, you will get something. No-body is really sure what. All we know is that it will not cover your expected costs of care. Think about the impact of that. The reckless Republican plan will blow huge holes in State budgets. The Republican plan will blow huge holes in rural hospitals’ budgets and in the budgets of opioid treatment centers and community health centers all across this country. Massachusetts is using some of its Medicaid funding right now to fight the opioid crisis, but the Republican plan makes it harder to wage that fight in Massachusetts and in every other State that is battling this terrible epidemic. The Republican plan will leave mil-lions of people who have decent Med-icaid coverage holding the bag when they get sick. That is not healthcare; that is a con job. But it gets even worse. The bill cuts funding for Planned Parenthood, which provides maternity care and birth con-trol. It gives insurance companies the green light to jack up costs for people over 50, blowing up the limits that were established in the ACA to make sure seniors could afford healthcare. But there is one more very, very ugly reason the Republicans should be ashamed, and that is because while they are gutting Medicaid, slashing health coverage for sick Americans, and slapping penalties on people who lose insurance through no fault of their own, Republicans are also handing out hundreds of millions of dollars in tax cuts to rich people and giving a special gift to insurance company CEOs. The Republican plan repeals two Medicare taxes that apply only to high- income taxpayers. Who benefits most from this repeal? Millionaires. They get a full 80-percent of the tax cut. It is a benefit that is worth an average of $50,000 each. That is right. The tax cut that millionaires will get from the Re-publican plan to rip up healthcare is more than many families make in a year. The Republican plan also hurts Medi-care by taking money away from the Medicare trust fund, where it really be-longs. Right now, the law says insurance companies can deduct only $500,000 in executive compensation, but the Re-publicans think that is too hard on in-surance companies and their CEOs. So sad. So they have lifted the cap to a full $1 million. The Republicans are de-termined to help boost the pay of in-surance company CEOs. No wonder the Republicans didn’t want to let anyone see this plan. This is literally a backroom deal to strip away lifesaving healthcare from babies, to drive the costs out of sight for seniors, to deny help for people with disabilities, and to make insur-ance more expensive for hard-working entrepreneurs. In exchange, insurance company CEOs and millionaires get giant tax deductions. Unbelievable. Less health insurance for people who need it; more tax cuts for wealthy in-surance company CEOs. This is the deal it took Republicans years to come up with? They should be ashamed. I have received letters and emails and calls from families in Massachu-setts who depend on Medicaid and the ACA. These families are shouting as loudly as they can about how impor-tant Medicaid and the ACA are to them. We need someone running the CMS who is listening and someone who has their backs, who will tell Repub-lican politicians that their secret deals are terrible, who will tell them that their plans to take away coverage will hurt people, who will tell them that their recklessness will blow up State budgets. Seema Verma has a deep knowledge of the Medicaid Program, having worked at the State level to design and implement Medicaid waivers. Ms. Verma says she wants to help States like Massachusetts invest in innova-tive ways to improve care for Medicaid beneficiaries while lowering costs—im-prove care and lower costs. That sounds great, but she has also advo-cated for changes to Medicaid that vio-late the fundamental principles of the program. She has designed Medicaid plans that impose work requirements as a condition of receiving Medicaid coverage even when they make no sense. She has sought to increase the out-of-pocket costs that Medicaid beneficiaries must pay and has put in place rules that lock people out of the program just at the moment they most need coverage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.076 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1699 March 8, 2017 
We need a CMS Administrator who will stand up to the backroom bullies who are plotting to gut Medicaid, not one who wants to sneak cuts into the very programs that need to be de-fended. For that reason, I oppose Ms. Verma’s nomination. One of my constituents who receives Medicaid coverage in Massachusetts, Lee from Holliston, wrote me to say: ‘‘I just need to know it is going to be okay.’’ Lee, I wish I could tell you that it is going to be OK, but I cannot tell you that. What I can tell you is that you are not alone. Americans depend on the ACA and Medicaid to provide healthcare coverage. They depend on it when they get sick, and they depend on it to stay alive. Now that the Repub-lican politicians have finally emerged from their secret basement room and unveiled their ugly plans, I promise you I am in this fight all the way. We need millions of people like you all across this Nation to make their voices heard so that Republican politicians do not destroy your healthcare. In January, Senator S
TABENOW and I held a forum for the then-nominee for Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, Tom Price. At this forum, we heard from individuals who were con-cerned about the impact that cuts to Medicare and Medicaid would have on their lives. I would like to share some of my interactions with a few of these individuals back in January by reading from the transcript Senator S
TABENOW  introduced into the record at Congress-man P
RICE’s hearing before the Fi-nance Committee. I started by thanking everyone for being there and said this about where we were: 
Yesterday at the hearing for Congressman P
RICE to be Secretary of HHS, I asked him about the cuts that he has proposed to Medi-care and Medicaid. He’s already proposed $449 billion in cuts to Medicare and over $1 trillion in cuts to the Medicaid program. And so I asked him if he would commit to follow through on Donald Trump’s promise, ‘‘I won’t cut Medicare or Medicaid.’’ 
There was a lot of dancing back and forth, but the bottom line is that no, he would not make that commitment, which I suppose should not have been a surprise. What I want to do as briefly as I can is to focus just a little bit on down the line and put a face on that, what it means to put those kinds of cuts into the system. I started with Ms. Fleming, and here is what I asked her. I said: ‘‘You used to work at United Airlines. . . . How many years did you pay into the Medicare system?’’ Ms. Fleming said: ‘‘Thirty-nine years.’’ I asked: ‘‘How long have you worked there?’’ Ms. Fleming said: ‘‘Thirty-nine years.’’ I said: ‘‘Thirty-nine years that you paid into the Medicare system. Where else is it we need to spend $449 billion so that you can spend more out-of- pocket? So that money can go some-where else—like tax cuts for rich peo-ple?’’ I asked Ms. Jensen: Just because I want to be clear about this, one of the things that Medicaid does is make sure you get access to mental health serv-ices. If you lose that access, what happens in your life? 
So I had asked Ms. Fleming about the Medicare cuts. Here is what Ms. Jensen told me about the Medicaid cuts: 
That would entirely change my life. I wouldn’t be able to afford the services I need. My medications alone, right now, run about as much as my rent. And I know that weekly counseling or therapy sessions would really be out of reach. It would threaten not only the growth of my business but the existence of my business. 
She runs her own small business. She said: 
Basically: no Medicaid, no business. That would kind of be the end of one of my dreams. And untreated disorders—my un-treated disorder—I know I would retreat from society. I would retreat from my loved ones. I would not be a productive citizen. I would probably get into trouble and cost the taxpayers some money. Mental and behav-ioral health is no joke. There are fatal con-sequences, and it’s a matter of life and death for a lot of people, including me. 
Then I turned to the third of our wit-nesses, Ms. Serafin. She has dealt with both systems—both Medicare and Med-icaid—and I asked her to focus just for a minute on the Medicaid part of that. She was taking care of her elderly mother. I said: 
Your mother—after your father passed— your mother declined, needed full time care. And she was supported by Medicaid during that period of time. She was able to be in a facility that could take care of her. If Medicaid had not been available to you, if there had been a trillion-dollar cut to Med-icaid, what would have happened to you and your husband? 
Here is what Ms. Serafin said: 
Well, physically, I could not take care of anyone else. 
She had her own disabling medical problems. She said: 
I can hardly take care of myself. So, we would have had to hire someone, or we would have had to move because our home was not accommodating for another person with a disability. Secondly, the care my mother received in the nursing home was so personally grati-fying. I could sleep at night. My mother was a really strong woman. She could have been a CEO. She was born in the wrong era. But as a daughter—as mothers and daughters often do—we didn’t always see eye to eye on every-thing! The people in the nursing home loved her— they loved her feisty manner, they loved the things she would say. And I would think, ‘‘Oh, God, I would never say that!’’ But they thought she was wonderful. 
I made the point that my mother was a little like that too. Ms. Serafin said: 
I would sleep at night. I could feel good. Because I cannot do things as it is for my-self, and there were loving people who would go to her and say, ‘‘I love you, Anita,’’ and it just made my heart feel that wonderful feeling. So that is the face of Medicaid. We had one more witness, and this witness was Ms. Ornella, who had her son Sam with her. I said: 
Sam is the happy face of Medicaid. Sam is a little boy who was born with multiple dif-ficulties and who flourishes and who receives support from Medicaid. 
So I asked: 
If there’s a trillion dollars in cuts to Med-icaid, and Sam is not able to get the help he needs through Medicaid, what happens to Sam? 
Ms. Ornella said: 
We barely qualified for Medicaid as it was, so if there were any cuts to it, we would have been in that group of people who I believe wouldn’t have qualified. Medicaid has pro-vided him to be able to go to his kidney doc-tors and keep his status check on his kid-neys, which is what we think his long-term issues are going to be. Medicaid has been there to cover tests for swallowing, for swallowing functions, for all the different parts of his body that are af-fected by his disorder. So my fear is, that if we do get employer-based coverage, anything can happen in life—what if my husband lost his job and then we didn’t qualify for Sam to get Medicaid anymore? How would we deal with that double whammy of losing em-ployer coverage and then not qualifying for Medicaid for a medically complex child? 
We heard from four people at this forum, and I am very grateful to all four of them for putting a face on what Medicare and Medicaid means. I sug-gested to Congressman Price that if he is confirmed to be the head of HHS, that he cut out the statement that Donald Trump had made, ‘‘I will not cut Medicare or Medicaid,’’ and that he tape it above his desk and look at it every single day. Because that is what the people at that hearing were all about. They are the reason we must not cut Medicare and we must not cut Med-icaid, and I thanked them all for being with us. Alice, Sam, Diane, and Ann really put a face on the importance of Medi-care and Medicaid at that forum. I have heard from a number of hos-pitals, community health centers, and behavioral health organizations in Massachusetts about the importance of Medicaid to them for being able to pro-vide essential services to the people who need it most, and I want to share some of the comments they have given to me. John Nash, the CEO of Franciscan Children’s Hospital, highlighted the importance of Medicaid in providing healthcare coverage for our children. Here is what he wrote to me: 
Dear Senator Warren, at Franciscan Chil-dren’s, our mission is to provide a compas-sionate and positive environment where chil-dren with complex medical, mental health, and educational needs receive specialized care for people who are committed to excel-lence, innovation, and family support, so that these children can reach their fullest potential and live their best lives. Located in the Boston metropolitan area, we are one of four institutions in the country offering this unique array of services to children with complex needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.077 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1700 March 8, 2017 
In Massachusetts, we are the only pedi-atric, post-acute care provider that offers hospital-level care for children with complex medical conditions. We are also one of the largest pediatric mental health providers in Massachusetts, offering a complete con-tinuum of inpatient, residential, and out-patient programming to ensure that children have access to the services they desperately need. Franciscan Children’s is proud to be an independent, unaffiliated provider that co-ordinates across the healthcare system to deliver high-quality, low-cost, specialty services to children who come to us from every major health system and intensive care unit from across the State. Collectively across our programs, we serve more than 12,000 children a year. Families who have had a child or children with special needs often face tremendous fi-nancial burdens. Many view hospitals like ours as a second home. Almost 60 percent of the families that we serve in our inpatient medical program are on Medicaid. In federal discussions about the Affordable Care Act, it is crucial to realize that Med-icaid is the most important health coverage program for children. As many as 30 million children nationally and 355,000 children in Massachusetts (29.6% of the state population of children) are covered. Children covered by Medicaid—compared with those who are un-insured—generally go on to enjoy better health, lower rates of mortality, and higher educational and economic outcomes as they become adults. Massachusetts is seeing the returns on in-vestments made in Medicaid. Our rate of un-insured children is at the lowest on record. Cuts to Medicaid will have a negative impact on children and may increase healthcare costs. Furthermore, any cuts to the Medicaid program will threaten our institution’s long- term ability to serve children and their fam-ilies who may not receive care otherwise. As the population of children with complex needs continues to grow at the rate of 5 per-cent annually, these funds will be vital to our future and to theirs. We support the belief that access to afford-able care is essential for all individuals. Our families, whose resilience and strength con-tinues to inspire us every day, depend on this principle being upheld. Our children deserve every opportunity to reach their fullest po-tential and live their best life. 
This letter is just a reminder of who gets Medicaid and how Medicaid changes the lives of the children who need it most and of their families. We cannot cut this program without tak-ing away the futures of these children. This is an economic issue, but it is also a moral issue. I heard from the Behavioral and Health Network, a nonprofit commu-nity behavioral health agency in West-ern Massachusetts, and they shared with me an individual story they want-ed to tell me about Tasha. Tasha went from homelessness to ad-diction and then to recovery—high-lighting the importance of Medicaid funds in supporting individuals who are dealing with substance abuse disorder. The behavioral health network shared a story, and this is how they tell it: 
Tasha M. recalls how her addiction started. She never envisioned how and where it would end. As a teenager, she remembers being homeless, her mom surrendering her to fos-ter care twice and living a dysfunctional life, leading to the development of an eating dis-order and hospitalization. It was during that hospital stay where she was also receiving treatment for an injured back, that she was prescribed a bottle of painkillers. That started Tasha on the road to addiction, and ultimately to BHN’s, ‘‘My Sister’s House’’—and her eventual recovery. Once addicted to pain pills she remembers ‘‘hospital hopping’’ to feed the addiction. ‘‘I felt so alone,’’ she said. Moving in with an aunt brought the prospect of turning the page and leaving her addiction behind. In-stead, Tasha started to work as a bartender, ultimately succumbing to alcohol and hit-ting bottom. Tasha says, ‘‘I lost everything.’’ Moving back to Massachusetts, she ‘‘tried to start anew.’’ But instead she found herself back in the clubs and around alcohol and, eventually, in a detox program through BHN’s Carlson Center. After that one-week stay, she entered Hope Center, a BHN 30-day recovery addiction treatment program in Springfield. Once released, the grip of addic-tion surfaced again. ‘‘I remember getting ready to go clubbing with my boyfriend. We were in line to go into a club and I realized I didn’t have my ID. I went home and I found my ID lying on top of my AA book. I thought, ‘wow, that’s a sign’—and I need to get back in the program.’’ BHN assisted with entry into My Sister’s House, a BHN community-based program for women in recovery, where its residents have daily therapy and support, peer meetings and are connected to community resources. It is also where Tasha met an intern who inspired her. ‘‘I remember I was one of her first clients. She said I couldn’t go back to my old ways . . . she really believed in me.’’ Tasha’s recovery has come full circle. After successful re-entry into the commu-nity, she acquired a job as an administrative assistant at a daycare center, and eventually became a social worker helping mothers of children navigate the complexities of par-enting. Tasha’s story doesn’t end there. Tasha was offered a position at My Sister’s House, where she assists other young women who find themselves on the sometimes bumpy road to recovery. ‘‘For me, it’s about giving back . . . I’m grateful to them.’’ About the new opportunity to help others at My Sister’s House, Tasha said: ‘‘I always said to myself I was going to come back to this House . . . this is my second home.’’ Tasha’s journey was supported by an orga-nization whose funding is 56 percent State and Federal contracts and 42 percent fees from Medicaid, Medicare and a small per-centage of private insurances. Clearly, the impact of affordable insurance and funds from CMS and the State creates needed ac-cess and opportunities for changing lives [like Tasha’s]. Individuals can embrace help, move beyond despair and hardship, and es-tablish meaningful life experiences, employ-ment and self-sufficiency. Without affordable insurance, Medicaid and Federal and State funds, that could not happen. Thank you, Tasha, for telling your story. Thank you to the Behavioral Network for sharing your story. Thank you for all of the amazing work that you do every single day. The Boston Medical Center, the State’s largest safety net hospital, also shared their perspective on how changes and cuts to Medicaid would se-riously impact the progress they have made in working to provide high-qual-ity, cost-effective care to their pa-tients. Here is what Boston Medical Center said: 
At Boston Medical Center (BMC), our mis-sion is to provide Exceptional Care without Exception to all of our patients. As the larg-est health safety net system in Massachu-setts and in New England, BMC and the pa-tients we serve would be severely impacted by major changes to the Affordable Care Act. Massachusetts health care reform in 2008, and subsequently the Affordable Care Act, supported our efforts to provide high-qual-ity, cost effective care to the many, formerly uninsured, patients who became insured through Medicaid and subsidized products. BMC has worked diligently with the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to transition the payment and delivery of Med-icaid services in a more cost effective man-ner. With a strong understanding of the need to ensure that the future of Medicaid is sus-tainable, our collective efforts have begun to produce encouraging results. Medicaid—and access to affordable, sub-sidized health care insurance—is an impor-tant federal/state partnership that allows the most vulnerable in our population to re-ceive the health care they need. At BMC, we see firsthand how it affects the lives of our patients. In addition to providing funding for important primary care services, it is a life-line for those with chronic diseases and men-tal health and substance abuse needs. BMC has used Medicaid funding to develop and implement a number of very promising programs aimed at improving the quality of care for our low-income population and doing it in a manner that is the most cost ef-fective. We aim to keep our patients out of the hospital while giving them the care nec-essary to lead fulfilling lives. Some of these efforts include innovative programs for pregnant women and babies both before and after delivery. Post-partum depression is an all-too-common issue for new mothers. BMC has designed a program that embeds necessary behavioral health services into the OB/GYN visit setting, thereby allowing them to receive the nec-essary mental health care along with their medical visit. At the same time, we have several success-ful programs focusing on newborn infants— ranging from babies born prematurely to those born addicted to drugs. As New Eng-land’s largest trauma center, we routinely treat large numbers of patients who have been victims of violence. In an effort to help break the trend of violence in the inner city, BMC offers many programs that help those victims break that cycle through counseling, education and support. Boston, like many cities across the coun-try, has seen an unacceptable level of opioid related deaths. Probably our most critical efforts today include programs that success-fully treat opioid and other drug addictions while guiding patients toward prevention of future drug abuse and a life where they can hold a job and maintain their relationships with their families. Working with the Commonwealth, BMC has also used Medicaid funding to redesign how health care is provided in a manner that ensures the highest quality patient care in the most affordable, patient-centric manner. The groundwork has been laid over the last several years with Medicaid waiver funding. As we prepare for implementation of the Medicaid waiver extension, we have just begun to roll-out our Medicaid Accountable Care Organization, (ACO). The ACO struc-ture requires that we will be accountable for the full cost of each Medicaid patient’s health care, while it will allow the flexibility to provide the right care that might not have previously been covered (e.g. purchase of humidifier for an asthmatic child that will help prevent hospitalizations). Patients will benefit through further integration of care across the delivery system continuum, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.078 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1701 March 8, 2017 
while reimbursement for the cost of treating those patients will be contained in a defined agreement. These important Massachusetts efforts of transforming the delivery and payment sys-tem for Medicaid will be dealt a serious blow if the underlying Medicaid funding is changed. Additionally, if Medicaid and sub-sidized healthcare eligibility changes result in our patients losing access to affordable health care, not only will the patient’s qual-ity of life suffer, but the lack of funding will not allow [us] to continue to provide those patients with many of these critical services. BMC is committed to maintaining the pro-vision of exceptional care without exception and it will require the financial partnership with the federal and state government to en-sure that our low-income patients have ac-cess to that care. 
Boston Medical Center absolutely provides ‘‘Exceptional Care without Exception,’’ and Medicaid helps them carry out that critical work. The Boston Center for Independent Living shared with me a story from a constituent named Ty who receives healthcare from One Care, a program in Massachusetts that integrates care for beneficiaries who are dually eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. So I will tell a little bit about Ty’s story. 
Ty Muto, a 39-year-old transgender man, was recovering from colon surgery in 2014 when he stopped outside of his work and was assaulted by three men yelling homophobic slurs. He survived the attack with a trau-matic brain injury and spinal cord injury and is only alive thanks to several nec-essary, timely medical interventions. A former mediator and American Friends Serv-ice Committee volunteer, Ty is enrolled in One Care with the Commonwealth Care Alli-ance. They provide medical care, visiting nurse support, physical therapy, and medical rides. His Care Manager helped him apply for Social Security and find housing, which real-ly improved his life! On several occasions his visiting nurse has identified urgent medical conditions and he has been able to take a medical ride to the hospital where he re-ceives care—avoiding lengthy and expensive emergency room visits at local hospitals that aren’t equipped to care for his specific condition. Ty says the only reason he’s alive today is because of all of the services and care he gets through One Care. 
That is the work being done at the Boston Center for Independent Living, and it can only be done because they receive the support of Medicare and Medicaid. The Boston Center for Independent Living also shared with me a story from another constituent named Olivia. 
Olivia Richards is a 33-year-old woman on One Care and, as she emphasizes, a lifelong Bruins fan! Her plan with CCA allows her to be an active member of the community and her care coordinator assists her in managing her seizure disorder, paraplegia, PTSD, and ADHD. Olivia grew up in the foster care sys-tem and, after college, rather than move in with an abusive family member, she tried to make it on her own and she ended up home-less. Left without insurance—and trying to keep up with her di-lanthin, ADHD and asth-ma medications from seven- to fourteen-day sample packs from a free clinic—she went on and off medication and eventually ended up in a psychiatric hospital for a month. If she had been making that transition in the post-Romneycare age, she would have maintained her health insurance and been able to stay on MassHealth. Olivia raves about her coordinated care manager (CCA) and how she’s helped stabilize Olivia’s health—recognizing issues before they be-come emergencies. Prior to One Care, Olivia went to the emergency room every few months with a severe UTI that landed her in the hospital. Her care coordinator rec-ommended she see an infectious disease doc-tor, who prescribed a preventive antibiotic— something none of the many doctors she’d seen had put together. Olivia hasn’t been to the hospital for a UTI since. This time around, when Olivia needed emergency care, her care coordinator sent community medics to her apartment—pro-viding her with better care and avoiding an expensive emergency room visit and other complications. Before One Care, Olivia was using a third-hand wheelchair with a bent frame and a wheel that she had to weld back together every few months. Medicare and Medicaid kept dodging responsibility for wheelchair repairs. Olivia’s care coordinator helped her get a new chair. That is a real quality-of-life improve-ment for Olivia. I want to say a special thank you to both Ty and to Olivia for sharing their stories, for letting us make them pub-lic, and a very big thanks to the Bos-ton Center for Independent Living for all that you are doing every single day to help the people of Massachusetts. We are all deeply grateful for your work, and we want to continue to sup-port it here in Congress. Many of my constituents have writ-ten to me, fearful of what changes to Medicare or Medicaid might actually mean to them. Jeffrey, who is from Gardner, wrote to me to share his con-stant worries about health insurance coverage. This is what he wrote: 
Dear Senator Warren, I hope this message finds you well, and I want to thank you for your continued fight for the rights of everyone in Massachusetts & the nation. Unfortunately, this election has left me with some constant worry, as I’m sure it has many. I’m a graduate student and have a year and a half left until I complete my mas-ters degree in counseling psychology. Obviously because of this, I work part- time, and am not offered health insurance through my employer. I have been on MassHealth (Tufts Network Health, to be exact) since 2013 when I decided to make a career change. I have some issues that require prescrip-tions and doctors visits monthly. I’m not sure if they can be deemed as preexisting conditions, but these are prescriptions I can certainly not go without, nor could I go without insurance for a year and a half. Obviously I don’t enjoy being on MassHealth, but for right now it’s what is necessary. My question may be a difficult one to answer, due to the fact that no one truly knows what will happen after inau-guration day. I do know Massachusetts is better protected than other states to keep its citizens insured, and I know that you and Governor Baker have vowed to fight for this right, as well as for many others—which I could not be more thankful for! If the new establishment has their way and repeals federal funding to Medicaid, will peo-ple in Massachusetts such as myself be thrown off their insurance? I know we rely heavily on a waiver that was signed recently, and it’s a ‘‘wait and see matter,’’ but I sup-pose my question is, will I be protected since I have documented needs for insurance al-ready in place? Or are my conditions going to be deemed ‘‘not severe enough?’’ All I can say, Jeffrey, is we don’t know yet, but I can promise you that I am fighting to make sure you remain protected. Elise from Scituate wrote to me about the importance of Medicare and Medicaid funds in supporting nursing homes, adult day health programs, and other needs of older adults. Here is what Elise had to say: 
Dear Senator Warren, I am writing to you because I am very con-cerned about the direction of the incoming administration, President-Elect Trump, and his cabinet choices. It was certainly a dif-ficult election period. The policies and direc-tion of these individuals is particularly trou-bling for those who are older, or who may have mental illness, disabilities, or develop-mental challenges. As many are not aware, the federal rules, regulations, and budget do affect the man-agement of services in the states. As a con-sultant in Massachusetts in both nursing homes and adult day health programs, I see the strong need for cooperative and sup-portive federal and state funding as well as regulatory processes for ongoing care. Very few of the individuals in these settings are paying privately. Medicare and Medicaid—as well as the VA—are the major funders for these programs. In Massachusetts, we have 45,000 nursing home beds, or approximately 400 skilled nursing facilities. Home care incorporates adult day health, and we have roughly 14,600 participants in Massachusetts alone. Our population is aging, and access to good serv-ices are critical to good care and quality of life. In addition, there are many programs that continue to need commitment and funding to manage necessary services to individuals. These include: housing (Section 8), elder and those with disabilities home care, services to the blind, and community mental health care—to name a few. Changes in these benefits would jeopardize the delicate balance of home and community care, rehabilitation, and perhaps ultimately end up costing more for care. For example, if we don’t have resources to assist people to return to the community, institutional care may be the only answer—and a costly one. The notion of having poor individuals pay for their Medicaid benefits, and/or privatizing this to an insurance base is ill- founded and often becomes costly to manage, as well as lowers benefits. Aside from pro-viding services to our citizens, the reduction in these programs will drag the overall econ-omy down. The healthcare industry (private enter-prise) is dependent upon a multitude of pro-grams to generate profit. For example, if Mr. X needs a wheel chair and Medicare does not pay for one, Mr. X will not pay for a new wheel chair. He will either borrow one, or purchase one used, or perhaps ‘‘do without.’’ This scenario, regardless of the product, will duplicate itself throughout health care and service provision. Companies that have de-pendency upon Medicare funds may have to close or cut back. Service providers, such as Visiting Nurses, will be facing similar re-sults. I have been in the older adult/health care/ medical field since 1969. I have seen changes over time to services from government pro-visions to privatization. Privatization is the one of the poor outcomes when government monies are used to pay for services rendered. I remain a very strong advocate for individ-uals and their families as they try to meet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.080 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1702 March 8, 2017 
the challenges of obtaining just and fair services. 
Thank you, Elise. I appreciate your writing. Medicare and Medicaid provide critical funds to support nursing homes and senior citizens in Massachusetts. I agree that we must fight to protect these programs. I have many constituents writing in. My constituents are shouting as loudly as they can about the need to protect Medicare and Medicaid. We need a CMS Administrator who will stand up for Tasha and for other individuals who are struggling with addiction, who will stand up for those who are relying on Medicare to help with Parkinson’s, who will stand up for our hospitals and healthcare providers to ensure that they have the resources they need to adequately serve their patients. I am listening. I am fighting. Republicans are trying to cut back-room deals to end these protections. I promise you, I will do everything in my power to prevent them from destroying your healthcare. That is why I am here. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 8:34 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, March 9, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.082 S08MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE287 March 8, 2017 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN FLEMING AND FAMILY 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. John Fleming, his wife Suzanne, and children John and Andrew, who all tragically died in a plane crash over Lake Erie last December. John was born December 30, 1970 in Youngstown, Ohio. His wife Suzanne was born September 22, 1970 in Youngstown as well. Both John and Suzanne were 1989 grad-uates of Boardman High School and high school sweethearts. John graduated magna cum laude from Wake Forest University in 1993 as a CPA and member of Sigma Phi Ep-silon Fraternity. Suzanne graduated from Youngstown State University with a Bachelor’s Degree in social work. They were seventeen year residents of Columbus. John worked for almost 30 years for the Su-perior Beverage Group in Columbus and the beverage distribution industry. He was incred-ibly successful, rising to President and Chief Executive Officer. In addition to his influential leadership in his career, he was a leader in his community. He actively volunteered at nearby charities, and was a yearly supporter of the Dublin Irish Festival. Above all, he was known for being a family man. His wife Suzanne was a devoted mother and passionate supporter of Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, the leading funder of type 1 diabetes research. Their oldest son John was a sophomore at Oletangy Liberty High School where he excelled academically and was an Ohio sports enthusiast. His younger brother Andrew attended the Ohio State School for the Blind in Columbus. Like his brother, he too was an avid supporter of sports, and he also participated in Special Olympics. This family will be greatly missed by their family, friends, colleagues, and their com-munity. I extend my condolences to their family and friends. These wonderful people will be dearly missed. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ‘‘JAY’’ SMYTH, III 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member the life and legacy of Mr. Justice ‘‘Jay’’ Smyth, III, who passed away on Feb-ruary 10, 2017 at the age of 62. Jay was a loving father, son, brother, uncle, and hus-band. To me, he was a dear classmate, col-league, and friend for more than forty years. Jay attended both undergraduate and law school at the University of Alabama, where he was involved in the Student Government As-sociation and Theta Chi Fraternity. During his time in school, he was inducted into numerous honor societies such as JASONS Senior Men’s Honorary and Delta Theta Phi Legal Honorary. After graduating from law school in 1980, Jay practiced law in Montgomery, Alabama for nineteen years before moving to Tuscaloosa. Jay was a skilled and thoughtful lawyer who earned tremendous respect from his col-leagues. As a true testament to his personality and legal knowledge, Jay was also beloved by his clients; an anomaly for most in the legal community. Jay was a skilled writer who excelled at tell-ing stories and always took great interest in politics and history. He loved spending time outdoors and grilling out at home. He was a dedicated fan of the Alabama Crimson Tide and greatly enjoyed attending games with his family. Jay was delighted in spending time with his wife and children, whom he loved dearly. Most importantly, he was steadfast in his faith to God and served as a pillar of Christ in his family and his community. So, to his wife, Rushan, and sons, Justice and Jeff, I want to extend my deepest sym-pathies. May you take comfort in the warm memories of Jay and the lasting impact he had on so many. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE BURBANK UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay special recognition to the Burbank Unified School District as it celebrates its Ninetieth Anniversary. In 1927, the Burbank Union High School District (BUSD) and the Elementary City School District unified to become the Burbank City School District, which served approxi-mately 1,000 students. The name later changed to Burbank Unified School District to reflect state educational standards. Today, BUSD’s total enrollment is approxi-mately 15,000 students, who attend grades K– 12 at three high schools, three middle schools, and eleven elementary schools. The District also has an Alternative Education Program, an Adult Education Program which serves more than 5,000 students, and numerous district child care centers serving preschool or school age children. The Burbank Unified School District’s mis-sion statement reflects its purpose by building partnerships with parents, families, students, and the community and promises the effective use of all available resources to create, pro-vide, and support quality instructional pro-grams, services, and environments. The Dis-trict strives to ensure that every student devel-ops the skills, knowledge, attitude, and behav-ior in order to be a responsible, productive cit-izen and lifelong learner in a diverse and changing global society. BUSD is proud to have had seven of its ele-mentary schools named as 2016 Gold Ribbon recipients as well as all three of its middle schools and its comprehensive high schools recognized as California Distinguished Schools. Five elementary schools have earned the distinction of being named 2016 Academic Achievement Award winning schools and four are designated as having Exemplary Arts pro-grams. In addition, the District’s continuation high school, Monterey High, has been se-lected as a state model school, and the Bur-bank Adult School has been honored as a Program of Excellence by the State of Cali-fornia. I ask all Members to join me today in hon-oring the Burbank Unified School District upon the celebration of its Ninetieth Anniversary. The entire community joins me in thanking the past and current School Board Members, Su-perintendents, Teachers, Administrators and Support Staff of Burbank Unified School Dis-trict for the outstanding educational opportuni-ties they have provided for the youth of Cali-fornia’s 28th Congressional District. f 
WESTERN NEW YORK COMMUNITY UNITY 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate people in my dis-trict coming together to take a stand against bigotry, racism, and acts of hate. On March 7, 2017, members of the Muslim Public Affairs Council met with members of the Jewish com-munity at the Jewish Community Center in Getzville, NY. Both groups sat down together to take a stand against recent threats towards the Jewish community in Western New York. This act of solidarity is an example of a community coming together despite their dif-ferent backgrounds and beliefs. This type of collaboration in the face of hate is a model for the rest of the country. During my recent meeting with the Muslim Public Affairs Council, we discussed the im-portance of uniting behind our shared Amer-ican values, such as inclusivity and tolerance. The recent demonstration of unity by members of the Jewish community and the Muslim com-munity demonstrates that despite any dif-ferences, we are all Americans and must join together in condemning hateful acts in our community. For their demonstrated leadership, I com-memorate the groups and individuals working to bring unity to Western New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08MR8.001 E08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE288 March 8, 2017 
THE PASSING OF VALERIY ‘‘LARRY’’ SAVINKIN 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sorrow that I rise today in recognition of the untimely passing of Valeriy ‘‘Larry’’ Savinkin, a dedicated and well-respected community lead-er and my congressional field representative who served the residents of the 8th Congres-sional District of New York with distinction. Larry Savinkin was born on October 25, 1955, to Igor and Ada Savinkin. He was broth-er to Viola, husband to Valentina, father to Galina and Vladimir, father-in-law to Vadim and grandfather to Victor. Before migrating to Brooklyn with his family from Odessa, Ukraine in 1996, Larry was a hardworking business owner where he oper-ated a door-making company and a chain of merchant stores. Larry’s commitment, core values and work ethic allowed him to excel in various positions. He was previously employed as a computer programmer, worked for the United States Census Bureau and served as a Community Liaison for former Congressman Bob Turner. More recently, he was a project manager at the Jewish Association for Serving the Aging (JASA), a local community-based organization that serves older adults of all races, religions and economic backgrounds across New York City. Larry’s success and impact in the neighbor-hoods of Southern Brooklyn and Queens was not limited to his work with my congressional office. For over 20 years, he was involved in several prominent organizations including the September 11 Family Group, the Brighton Beach Business Improvement District, The Holocaust Memorial Committee, Odessa Com-munity of New York, and Brooklyn’s Commu-nity Planning Board 13. Larry had a magnetic personality and cared about his community im-mensely, approached his work with urgency, compassion and had a great sense of humor. I had the privilege of knowing Larry and working with him throughout the years. I rec-ognize that his integrity was above reproach and his competence was extraordinary. I thank his family and friends for sharing him with us all. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in extending gratitude for Larry Savinkin’s public service and his commitment to the people of Brooklyn, he is worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
DAY WITHOUT A WOMAN 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today, across the nation, from every major city to every small town, women are standing in soli-darity, and reminding the world of our con-tributions. On this Day Without A Woman, women are sending a powerful message about the role we play in local communities, in our nation and throughout the globe. Yet, sadly, on this very same day that women are standing up to end gender dis-crimination and economic injustice, defend our bodies from governmental intrusion and to choose our own destiny, Republicans are pro-ceeding with legislation to roll back the clock. Congressional Committees are starting to con-sider legislation eviscerating the Affordable Care Act. Not only would the Republican plan slash Medicaid, harming working women and children, but it defends Planned Parenthood, ultimately depriving millions of women of life-saving health services. Mr. Speaker, it is a sad irony on this Day Without A Woman, when millions of ordinary Americans are standing for women’s rights and a more just economy, Congressional Re-publicans are rushing to deprive millions of women and their families of health services they need to survive. This bill was composed behind closed doors, in secret, and now Re-publicans are rushing it through the Com-mittee process to avoid scrutiny. On this Day Without A Woman, we are sending a powerful message. I can only hope my Republican colleagues in Congress are lis-tening. Because, today, women everywhere are saying with one collective voice, we will not be silenced. f 
HONORING CHIEF ALAN BRAGG: 45 YEARS IN EDUCATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my friend, Chief Alan Bragg, who is retiring after serving a distinguished 45 years in educational law enforcement. He is a lifetime member of what I referred to as the Poe-leece. It is an informal organization made up of long-time friends in Texas’ law enforce-ment community. It is an honor to pay tribute to Chief Bragg as he retires on June 30, 2017 as Chief of Police at Cypress-Fairbanks ISD Police Department. Alan Bragg was born and raised in Wichita Falls, Texas, and was destined to become a Texas Lawman. He attended Midwestern State University and worked for the univer-sity’s police department at the beginning of his career. In 1981, Chief Bragg moved to Hous-ton to take a position with the Houston Inde-pendent School District Police Department. He gained nine years’ experience with Houston ISD, all the while his pursuit to build safer schools grew. This passion led him to accept a job, in 1990, as Spring Independent School District’s first ever Chief of Police. He was tasked to create a new police department from scratch. He started his force with 8 offi-cers and it has grown to over 50 sworn offi-cers. He was responsible for nearly 37,000 students, 5,000 employees and 38 campuses. His 21 year leadership and legacy at Spring ISD will not be forgotten. Chief Bragg obtained additional police train-ing along the way. He is a graduate of the FBI’s National Academy 201 class and holds a Master Peace Officer Certificate. Throughout the years, he has assisted and been recog-nized by numerous boards and organizations. He is a member and past president of the Houston Area Police Chiefs Association, North Harris County Criminal Justice Association, and he also served on the board of the Texas Association of School District Police. For over 20 years, he has coordinated the annual ‘‘Salute to Law Enforcement’’ event, an event that was always held close to National Police Week. It allowed folks to meet local law enforcement officers from different agencies, see the resources used to protect them, and provide an overall positive experience be-tween our law enforcement officers and citi-zens. Chief Bragg is a dedicated family man, hav-ing been married to his wife Judy for 26 years. He met Judy after the 1979 Terrible Tuesday Tornado that hit Wichita Falls. They were both temporarily homeless, and met at church. They are the proud parents of two children, seven grandchildren and three great-grand-children. His retirement will provide time for them to serve in their church, travel on mis-sion trips, and spend time with their grand-children and great-grandchildren. During those years with Spring, Chief Bragg distinguished himself as an educational law enforcement leader. He possesses a wealth of knowledge, and the entire law enforcement community views him with esteem and re-spect. His department served as a model for other school district police departments to fol-low. Not surprisingly, Chief Bragg’s impressive leadership and integrity led him to his last ca-reer move. In 2012, he accepted the new start up position as Chief of Police for Cypress- Fairbanks Independent School District. Again, he created another exemplary police force from scratch. For 45 years, he has put on the badge and a gun to protect and serve the folks and communities he loves. Chief Bragg has been one of the most prominent and important lawman in the 2nd Congressional District, a true Texas hero. He is a remarkable Texan who has achieved ex-traordinary things in his law enforcement ca-reer and for his community. I extend to him my congratulations on his retirement, and commend him for a job well done. I wish him the best of luck in the future as he enters into this new phase of life. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, March 7, 2017, I missed votes due to unavoid-able flight delays. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on roll call votes no. 127 and 128. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on March 7, 2017, I missed the vote for H.R. 1362. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 127. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR8.001 E08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE289 March 8, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for roll call votes 127 and 128 on the evening of March 7, 2017. I would have voted in favor of H.R. 1362, which names the Department of Veterans Affairs community- based outpatient clinic in Pago Pago, Amer-ican Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic. I would have also voted in favor of the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 127; and YEA on Roll Call No. 128. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 1362, a bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic (Roll Call No. 127), I would have voted Aye. Had I been present for the vote on Motion to Table the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair (Roll Call No. 128), I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF COM-MAND SERGEANT MAJOR WIL-LIAM FRANCIS RYAN, U.S. ARMY RETIRED 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, on March 24, 2017, Families of the Shield, Inc. will honor the life and sacrifices of Command Sergeant Major William Francis Ryan (USA, Retired) by raising the United States flag over a Big Red One Statue at Eddie’s Sunrise Diner located at 55 E. NASA Blvd. in Melbourne, Florida. On February 28, 2017, at my request, the Archi-tect of the Capitol flew the United States Flag over our Capitol Building to further honor Command Sergeant Major Ryan. Command Sergeant Major Ryan first joined the Merchant Marines and received six Rus-sian medals. He then enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1943 landing on Omaha Beach June 6, 1944, with the first wave of American sol-diers. Ryan was a member of the 1st Inf. Div.’s 16th Infantry Regiment during D-Day and the Battle of the Bulge in World War II. During his 30 plus years of service he also volunteered for numerous tours of duty in Korea and Vietnam. William Ryan retired from the military in 1973 to enjoy his boat, volunteer at the Honor America Museum. Over the years, made sev-eral trips back to Belgium and France to honor our fallen heroes, most recently for the 70th Anniversary of D-Day. Command Sergeant Major Ryan’s awards and decorations include: the Bronze Star Med-als with (V) Device, the Army Commendation Medal, the Purple Heart, Distinguished Unit Citation, American Campaign Medal, Good Conduct Medal (1st–9th Awards), European- African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, WWII Victory Medal, Army of Occupation Medal (GER), National Defense Service Medal (1OLC), Korean Service Medal, Vietnam Serv-ices Medal, Belgium Fourragere, In Service Medal, Korean Presidential Unit Citation, Viet-nam Campaign Medal w/ 60 Device, Combat Infantry Badge. William Ryan is survived by his beloved daughter Corrine and her husband Charles; his son Mark, his wife Shannon and their son Paul; his former wife, Lorraine Ryan; pre-deceased by his son, David W. Ryan and his sister, Margaret Christie. He will be remem-bered by his many grandchildren, great grand-children, nieces, nephews and dear friends. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing the late Command Sergeant Major Wil-liam F. Ryan’s service to our nation and his commitment to the cause of liberty. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on March 1, 2017, I missed one roll call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted: NO on Roll Call Vote 116, H. Res. 156, Pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 1004, the Reg-ulatory Integrity Act of 2017; and H.R. 1009, the OIRA Insight, Reform, and Accountability Act. I would have cast my vote in opposition to this resolution because the Rules Committee rejected a motion by Ms. Slaughter of New York to consider both H.R. 1004 and H.R. 1009 under open Rules. The Rules Committee also rejected a motion by Mr. McGovern of Massachusetts to strike the waiver of all points of order against consideration of H.R. 1009 which includes waiver of CUTGO, statutory pay-go, and sections 303 and 311 of the Con-gressional Budget Act. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for roll call votes 127 and 128 on Tuesday, March 7, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call vote 127 and ‘‘Nay’’ on roll call vote 128. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call Vote number 128 on Tabling the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair, I mistakenly recorded my vote as yes when I should have voted no. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN ABNEY CULBERSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, on account of illness, I was not present for votes on March 7, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 127, and YEA on Roll Call No. 128. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on February 28, 2017, I missed one roll call vote. Had I been present, would have voted: NO on Roll Call Vote 104, H. Res. 150, On Agreeing to the Resolution—Providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 998) SCRUB Act, and providing for consideration of (H.J. Res. 83) disapproving the rule submitted by the De-partment of Labor relating to Clarification of Employers Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Record-able Injury and Illness. I would have cast my vote in opposition to this resolution because the Rules Committee rejected a motion by Mr. H
ASTINGS of Florida to strike the waiver of section of 311 of the Congressional Budget Act for H.J. Res. 83. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MUSLIM LAKHANI 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my constituent, Muslim Lakhani, for his contributions to Virginia’s 10th District and the nation. Mr. Lakhani, a Pakistani immigrant and entrepreneur, has long championed ef-forts to promote tolerance among different faiths, to partake in charitable projects, and to conduct strong, forward-thinking business practices. Mr. Lakhani grew up in Karachi, Pakistan and later became an entrepreneur. His many business ventures allowed him to travel to countless countries throughout the Middle East and Europe. However, it was the lessons he learned as a young child that have truly shaped his humanitarian and caring mindset that he maintains today. Growing up in Pakistan, he and his family always place a very strong focus on helping those less fortunate. After moving to the United States in 2006, Mr. Lakhani was regu-larly reminded of his family’s values as he watched organizations like the Salvation Army help the homeless in Washington, D.C. Since 2008, Mr. Lakhani has been a strong sup-porter, contributor, and advocate for the Grate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08MR8.006 E08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE290 March 8, 2017 
Patrol Homeless Outreach Program, which provides professional guidance to homeless people and also feeds 200 people daily in the nation’s capital. Additionally, Mr. Lakhani stud-ied both Christian and Muslim texts in grade school, which is where he garnered an interest in diverse beliefs and religious tolerance. So-cial Vision, the self-funded philanthropic arm of his company, ML Resources LLC., focuses on establishing stronger interfaith relation-ships, and additionally Mr. Lakhani strongly advocates for defeating terrorism. Mr. Lakhani’s childhood lessons coupled with his work ethic and strong business prac-tices have allowed him to make a great impact on today’s society. He has had the opportunity to speak in Rabat, Morocco at the Forum for the Future meeting on behalf of the Arab Busi-ness Council, and has received impressive awards, such as the InterFaith Bridge Builders Award at last year’s InterFaith Conference of Metropolitan Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Mr. Lakhani. It is a privilege to represent him and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF BEE SWADER MALONE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the birthday of Bee Swader Malone. She will turn 100 on March 30th. Jessie Beatrice Swader Malone was born on March 30, 1917 in the Pine Grove commu-nity on Sand Mountain in DeKalb County, Ala-bama. Born to Robert and Addie Swader, she grew up on her parents’ farm and attended school in nearby High Point and Valley Head, graduating from Valley Head High School in 1937. Bee was working at J.C. Penney when she first met Marvin E. Malone, Jr., who worked in the shoe department there. They married and settled in Fort Payne, Alabama where Marvin worked for Southland Sox, Inc. They had three daughters: Kay, Ann, and Susan; and three grandchildren: Shannon, Oliver, and Halle; and now Bee is the great-grandmother of two girls: LizaBanks and Bea. Bee and Marvin ran Malone Mills, a hosiery finishing mill in Fort Payne, for many years. First Presbyterian Church in Fort Payne hon-ored her with a life membership for her active role there over many decades. Bee is still known in the church and far beyond for her excellent cooking, gardening, sewing, and handwork. She has voted in every single pres-idential election since she turned the legal vot-ing age, which was then 21, and she was profiled in the Times-Journal last November for being one of the oldest registered voters in DeKalb County. Bee still lives on her own today, in her house of almost 57 years on a hill overlooking Fort Payne. This month Bee will be cele-brating her 100th birthday with a gathering of family and friends. Please join me in wishing this centenarian a very happy birthday. REMEMBERING ENI F. H. FALEOMAVAEGA HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of our friend and colleague, Eni F. H. Faleomavaega of American Samoa, who passed away on Wednesday, February 22, 2017. He was the longest serving delegate to the House of Representatives, and I had the honor of serving with him over the past few years and when I was first in Congress from 1995 to 2001. It was at the beginning of that chapter that we, freshman members of the class of 1994, soon realized what a wise man he was, and we often looked to him for wis-dom and institutional knowledge throughout the years we served together. I will miss that, and I know all of us here in the House extend our deepest sympathies to his wife, Hinanui Hunkin, their 10 children, and their 15 grand-children. Know that you remain in our thoughts and prayers and that we grieve with you. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ERNEST AND JOAN RISTER ON THEIR 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while January 1967 brought record-breaking snow-storms to Chicago, Texas had temperatures in the mid-70s. This was perfect for Ernest and Joan Rister of Round Rock, Texas, who joined hands on January 22, 1967 at St. Cyril Meth-odist Catholic Church in Granger, Texas to be-come husband and wife. Decades have passed and the Risters are as devoted to one another as the day they wed. They recently celebrated their 50th anni-versary with over 400 guests honoring their Czech and German roots. All in attendance celebrated the Risters’ longevity and deep love for one another. They met in grade school while living in Granger, TX and started dating their freshman year. These two high school sweethearts have been inseparable ever since. Following their wedding, Ernest graduated from Southwestern University in Georgetown and served in the United States Marine Corps. They returned to Texas and moved to Round Rock in 1975, liv-ing in the same house ever since. Ernest currently works as a research chem-ist and Joan is a retired real estate appraiser. They love the outdoors, gardening, hunting, and fishing. They especially enjoy spending time with their son Ernest Lee Rister, III and his wife Annie, daughter Shelley and her hus-band Malcolm Middlebrook, and two grand-children Camryn and Zachary Middlebrook. There’s no doubt the Risters have built a happy life together. Marriages like the Risters are the founda-tions of one of our most cherished institutions and give us all an ideal to which we can as-pire. Their undying love for one another makes both Texas and our nation strong. I congratulate Joan and Ernest on 50 years to-gether and wish them the best in the years to come. f 
IN MEMORY OF THE HON. ENI F.H. FALEOMAVAEGA 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD an official statement and tribute written by the family and staff of our former colleague, Congressman Eni F.H. Faleomavaega of American Samoa. Con-gressman Faleomavaega was a good friend, an outstanding colleague, and a fighter for the people of American Samoa. 
IN LOVING MEMORY OF CONGRESSMAN ENI F .H. 
FALEOMAVAEGA OF AMERICAN SAMOA BY HIS  
FAMILY AND STAFF  The Honorable Eni F.H. Faleomavaega was American Samoa’s longest-serving Delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives, and the first Asian-Pacific American to serve as Chairman of the influential House Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific and the Global Environment. He held the matai, or chieftain, orator title of Faleomavaega. Eni Hunkin, Jr. was born in the village of Vailoatai, American Samoa on August 15, 1943. He was raised in lovely Laie, Hawaii where the skies are blue and ‘‘the rainbows spread their shining wings.’’ He played full-back for the Red Raiders at Kahuku High School, graduating in 1962. At the Polyne-sian Cultural Center (PCC), he was a canoe paddler and a dancer. In 1964, he graduated from the Church College of Hawaii (BYU-Ha-waii) with an Associate of Arts (AA) Degree. He earned a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Polit-ical Science from Brigham Young University (1966); a Juris Doctor (JD) from the Univer-sity of Houston Law School (1972); and a Master of Laws (LLM) from the University of California, Berkeley Boalt Hall School of Law (1973). English was his second language. From 1973–1975, Eni Hunkin, Jr. served as Administrative Assistant to Paramount Chief A.U. Fuimaono, American Samoa’s first elected Representative to Washington, DC. From 1975–1981, he served as Staff Coun-sel to the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs, chaired by Congressman Phillip Burton who entrusted Eni with drafting legislation to provide American Samoa with an elected Governor and an elected Delegate. At the ad-vice of late Senate President Paramount Chief Letuli Toloa, Eni returned home to American Samoa to ‘‘eat the dust and walk on the rocks’’ so that he could feel more di-rectly the pains of the people in order to serve them more completely. From 1981–1984, Eni Hunkin, Jr. served as American Samoa’s Deputy Attorney General and, from 1985– 1988, he served as Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa. In 1988, Eni was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives where he served the people of American Samoa for some 26 years (1989–2015), and would still be serving today if not for illness. Congressman Faleomavaega wore out his life in the service of his fellow beings and, by extension, he wore out his life in the service of our God. Faleomavaega’s works brought American Samoa a Veterans Affairs (VA) clinic, a new Army Reserve Center, more funding per capita than any other State or Territory across many sectors (including education), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Mar 10, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\E08MR7.REC E08MR7bjneal on DSK30MX082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE291 March 8, 2017 
over $4 billion in federal funding from 1995– 2012 (with over $2 billion as a direct result of his advocacy), Medicaid increases, computer labs, dialysis machines, village road im-provements, ferries, fire trucks, ambulances, a hotel, funding for an airport tower and other capital improvement projects totaling over $200 million, assistance for American Samoa’s tuna canneries that extended the life of the industry in the Territory, WIC, food stamps, improved water systems, and military academy nominations and scholar-ships. Congressman Faleomavaega also guaran-teed the voting rights of American Samoa’s military men and women, protected and ex-panded American Samoa’s National Park, saw to it that American Samoa was included in the Commemorative Coin Program with a circulating quarter dollar honoring Amer-ican Samoa’s long and proud commitment to the United States, and made sure a postage stamp was issued in honor of American Sa-moa’s Centennial. He was responsible for im-plementing a law that authorized free med-ical flights for American Samoa’s veterans. He established an American Samoa Eco-nomic Development Commission. He ob-tained money to build high school gym-nasiums, renovate and construct a harbor fa-cility in Manu’a, and improve American Sa-moa’s weather station. He also extended di-rect home loans to American Samoa’s vet-erans. When American Samoa was hit by a tsu-nami in 2009, Congressman Faleomavaega turned to his long-time friend, Chairman Kim Seung Youn of the Hanhwa Group, to provide funding to bury American Samoa’s dead. Chairman Li Ka-shing of Hutchinson Whampoa also came to Faleomavaega’s aid and provided significant private sector fund-ing. Congressman Faleomavaega also served his constituents individually—handling hun-dreds of veterans, visa, immigration, Social Security and military cases per year. He sponsored and cosponsored thousands of Bills and Resolutions during his service in the U.S. Congress. According to the Congres-sional Research Service (CRS), during the 101st–113th Congress, Faleomavaega partici-pated in more than 1,100 U.S. Congressional full committee and subcommittee hearings of the Foreign Affairs and Resource Commit-tees—and chaired and/or spoke in more than 800 hearings. His Floor statements, recorded in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD for historical purposes, are too numerous to count. Still, this is only a small and known part of the great work he did. From American Samoa to Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Malay-sia, South Korea, India, China, the Phil-ippines, Sri Lanka, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Chile, Taiwan, West Papua, Vat-ican City, Greece, Norway, Australia, New Zealand, Tonga, Western Samoa, the Mar-shall Islands, Fiji, Tahiti, Palau, Kiribati, Vanuatu, Micronesia, the Cook Islands, 
Rapa Nui, and so on and so forth, Con-gressman Faleomavaega was a states-man like no other. He was a trail-blazer, a peacemaker, and a skilled and respected world leader. 
He was also a hero, especially to those known to the world as ‘‘comfort women’’—to those who as young women were coerced into sexual slavery during Japan’s colonial and wartime occupation of Asia and the Pacific Islands from the 1930s through the duration of World War II. Congressman Faleomavaega referred to these victorious survivors as his ‘‘grandmothers’’ and, every time he was in South Korea, he visited and danced with those who lived at the House of Sharing. He cared deeply for them. He dared to hold a hearing for them. He invited them to testify on House Resolution 121, introduced by Con-gressman Mike Honda and cosponsored by Faleomavaega and others, which called for Japan to formally acknowledge, apologize, and accept responsibility for its Imperial Armed Forces’ atrocities. While Resolutions had been offered before, no hearing had ever been held in the U.S. Congress for these women until Faleomavaega held his first hearing as Chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and the Global Environ-ment. The hearing was historic. It lit the world on fire—and changed the outcome for the surviving ‘‘grandmothers,’’ who finally got an apology from Japan. Congressman Faleomavaega was conferred an Honorary Doctorate Degree by Chonbuk National Uni-versity in South Korea and was named an Honorary Citizen of Jeollabuk-do. For Vietnam, Faleomavaega also stood strong and immovable—calling for the U.S. to clean up the mess it left behind after the Vietnam War. As a young soldier in the United States Army, Faleomavaega served in Vietnam from 1966–1969 where he, too, was exposed to Agent Orange—complications from which eventually claimed his life. As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and the Global Environment, he re-turned to Vietnam for the first time after 40 years. He returned to Nha Trang where once he was a soldier, and was so moved by the ex-perience that he held historic hearings about Agent Orange remediation, which included testimony from Vietnamese victims and briefings by Vietnam government officials. Although only a Delegate representing the smallest constituency in the U.S. Congress, Faleomavaega was given the high honor by the Socialist Republic of Vietnam of hosting President Truong Tan Sang during his his-toric visit to Washington, DC in 2013. And while in Vietnam, Faleomavaega and his wife, Hinanui Bambridge Cave Hunkin, were hosted by Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and members of the National Assembly, in-cluding Vice Chairwoman Madam Tong Thi Phong, also a Politburo member. Faleomavaega praised Vietnam for great strides in religious freedom, and remained forever grateful for Vietnam’s official rec-ognition of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saint, of which he was a member. Beyond Vietnam, Faleomavaega was a hero to Native Americans, to people in Cambodia whose families were killed by the Khmer Rouge, to the people of West Papua, to the people of Laos whose lands were destroyed by cluster bombs. He was a friend to Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India at a time when Shri Modi needed a friend. Congress-man Faleomavaega helped Myanmar, Bah-rain, Pakistan and Afghanistan. President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan award-ed Faleomavaega the country’s highest civil-ian honor for championing the cause of nu-clear nonproliferation and drawing the world’s attention to the people of Semipalatinsk and those in the Pacific Is-lands who had been subjected to Cold War nuclear testing. Although Congressman Faleomavaega was arrested by French com-mandos when he sailed on the Rainbow War-rior to protest French nuclear testing in Polynesia, he was not deterred. Faleomavaega was a warrior and voyager at heart—and served as a crew member aboard the Polynesian voyaging canoe, the Hokule’a, which sailed from Tahiti to Hawaii in 1987 with Native Hawaiian navigator Nainoa Thompson at the helm. Faleomavaega was the author of Navigating the Future: A Samoan Perspective on U.S.- Pacific Relations (1995). Before his passing, he was writing his second book, which may be printed in memoriam. He also proudly served in the United States Army Reserve as a Captain, U.S. Army Judge Advocate General’s Corps Mem-ber, 100 Battalion 442nd Infantry Reserve Unit from 1982–1989, and he always went for broke. Congressman Faleomavaega served on the House Committee on Resources and the Subcommittees on Insular Affairs, Oceans and Wildlife (which had broad jurisdiction for matters affecting American Samoa); In-dian and Alaska Native Affairs; Fisheries Conservation, Wildlife and Oceans; and Na-tional Parks, Recreation and Public Lands. He also served on the Committee on Foreign Affairs (previously known as International Relations) and the Subcommittees on Asia, the Pacific, and the Global Environment (known as Asia and the Pacific); and the Western Hemisphere. He was a member of the Small Business Committee. Faleomavaega established the Congressional Caucus on U.S.-India Trade and Investment, the Friends of Vietnam Caucus, and the Con-gressional Caucus on Central Asia. He was loved both by Democrats and Re-publicans in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives. Upon his passing, many of his colleagues as well as leaders from around the world paid tribute to Congressman Faleomavaega for his extraordinary service and powerful contributions at home and abroad. At home, Congressman Faleomavaega built American Samoa on a foundation of solid rock so that those who follow might be successful. Around the globe, he met with Heads of State—with kings, presidents, rulers and magistrates—but in all his doings, he never forgot the poor and needy. He was a friend to all to the end. He was noble, kind and true. When interviewed by the United States Capitol Historical Society, Congressman Faleomavaega said he wanted to be remem-bered for doing his best, that’s it. He suc-ceeded. From Tutuila to Manu’a, from one far corner of the earth to another, he will be remembered for doing and being his best. He will be remembered because we hold him dear. We have lost a treasure. We have lost a father, brother, papa, uncle, friend. Surely, the sun has fallen from the sky. As one pioneer put it, ‘‘The journey home ain’t always easy. We’ll have a hard time getting there. But along the way, we’ll see things we’ve never before seen—great herds of buffalo and big cedar trees on the hills, and maybe even vast expanses of sunflowers in bloom.’’ For many of us, Eni was like a vast expanse of sunflowers in bloom. We miss him, and love him. Surrounded by his loved ones, Eni Hunkin, Jr. passed away peacefully on February 22, 2017. He is survived by his wife of 45 years, Mrs. Hinanui Bambridge Cave Hunkin and their five children—Temanuata (Mike Laussen), Taualai (Kolotau Vaitu’ulala), Ra’imana (Malia Rivera), Vaimoana, and Leonne (Taufui-e-valu Vakapuna)—ten grandchildren (Leonne, Eni, Kolotau, Kenzo, Dexter, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Mar 10, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\E08MR7.REC E08MR7bjneal on DSK30MX082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE292 March 8, 2017 
Taimana, Taiatea, Tutehau, Maiana, and Robbie)—his sisters (Vaitinasa Salu Hunkin- Finau, Ed.D. and Mrs. Masinaatoa Magalei)— his brother, Mr. Albert Hunkin—and his adopted, or hanai sisters, Mrs. Diane Sauers and the late Mrs. Susie Osborn. His siblings, Mrs. Tuilua’ai Vanisi, Mrs. Arlene McBraun and Mr. Taulauniu Hunkin, as well as his parents, Mr. Eni Hunkin, Sr. and Mrs. Taualai Manu Hunkin, preceded him. Leone High Chief Senator Faiivae Iuli Alex Godinet of the American Samoa Legislature (Fono), who formerly served as Faleomavaega’s Chief of Staff in American Samoa, and Dr. Lisa Williams, Faleomavaega’s Chief of Staff in Wash-ington, DC and his Staff Director for the House Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and the Global Environ-ment, joined with the family in preparing and issuing this statement so as to honor their great mentor who shaped their lives and careers in untold ways. They did so on behalf of the many other staff members who also faithfully served with Congressman Faleomavaega both in American Samoa and Washington, DC, including but not limited to Tavita Richmond, Vili Le’i and Leilani Pimentel. Mr. and Mrs. Don and Linda Saaga, Major General Robert G. Lee, and many other indi-viduals and organizations too numerous to name, have also paid tribute, including BYU- Hawaii. Noting that one of its most notable alumni has passed away, the university stat-ed, ‘‘Eni’s life embodies President David O. McKay’s prophecy about BYU-Hawaii edu-cating ‘men and women whose influence will be felt for good toward the establishment of peace internationally.’’’ Although Congressman Eni F.H. Faleomavaega has returned home to the God who made him and now rejoices with his many friends and loved ones on the other side of the veil, his influence remains with us. And so, we take comfort knowing that Jesus Christ is the Light of the world (John 8:12). He is the Promised Messiah. He is our Savior and our King. ‘‘He is risen’’ (Matthew 28:6). As Elder Joseph B. Wirthlin testified, ‘‘The Resurrection is not a fable.’’ ‘‘On Sun-day, the resurrected Lord burst the bonds of death.’’ And because He lives, we will live again. We will meet again. Until then, Jesus Christ ‘‘will wipe away all tears from [our] eyes’’ (Revelation 7:17). Tell it out with joy-ful voice. All is well. f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF COLONEL BILL JENRETTE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the life of Colonel Albert W. ‘‘Bill’’ Jen-rette who passed away on February 27th. Colonel Jenrette was born on November 6, 1937 in Conway, SC. He attended the Citadel, and upon graduation, he became a career Army officer. While he was stationed in Germany for the first time, Colonel Jenrette married Ursula Klauer. Together they had two children, Jen-nifer and Kevin. Tragically, Kevin was killed in combat in Afghanistan in 2009. Colonel Jenrette served two tours in Viet-nam. After his second tour, he became the JROTC Senior Army Instructor at Lyman ward Military Academy in Camp Hill, Alabama. Colonel Jenrette received the Legion of Merit and the Bronze Star. After retiring from the Army, Colonel Jen-rette returned to Lyman Ward Academy as Commandant of Cadets. In 2007, after a brief stint in the private sector, he returned to Lyman Ward as President. Upon his retire-ment as President, Colonel Jenrette became Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chan-cellor of the Academy at Lyman Ward. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life and achievements of Colonel Bill Jen-rette. f 
RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY AND CELE-BRATING THE IMPORTANCE AND IMPACT OF WOMEN ON AMER-ICAN SOCIETY AND ECONOMY 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the occasion of International Wom-en’s Day. You may also notice that I am wear-ing red, a symbol of solidarity with the A Day Without Women campaign. This is an impor-tant occasion for us to recognize the economic power and impact that women have in our economy and in our lives. It is long past time that we as a nation pro-vide for fairness in the workplace by ensuring equal pay for equal work, defend the right to choose, end violence against women, secure access to affordable childcare and healthcare for working families, and strengthen paid fam-ily leave. I was proud to march with thousands of my constituents and millions of women all across the country during the Women’s March. We showed that we are united and that together we will stand up for one another and speak out for anyone being trampled over, run through or pushed aside. Women are not ob-jects to be owned, objectified or treated as second class citizens. Women’s rights are human rights and human rights are women’s rights. The Women’s March was an important mo-ment to secure our rights to speak and be heard. Today, on International Women’s Day, as many observe the Day Without a Woman Strike, remember that women’s voices are the voices of our coworkers, our mothers, sisters, daughters, leaders, community members, con-sumers, and major economic players. I stand with the many women today taking part in the Day Without a Woman strike, and the millions more in New York State and throughout the nation who share these values. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT STRINGER 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the dedication of Rob-ert Stringer of Gainesville, Georgia. Mr. String-er exemplifies the hardworking, persevering spirit of the people of Northeast Georgia. Mr. Stringer retired from his job of 55 years at Oakwood-based Clipper Petroleum on his 80th birthday, February 22nd. He worked as a service technician and construction worker, and, through the years, Mr. Stringer helped maintain gas pumps and tanks at Clipper stores across Georgia and South Carolina. During his long career, he also raised a beautiful family. Married at 27, he and his wife had two sons and one daughter. He is now a grandfather to six. In his family room at home, Mr. Stringer displays the plaques that he’s earned throughout his career next to his many family photographs. His daughter, Betsy Ross, says she is ‘‘so proud and thankful that my dad was able to retire when he felt the time was right for him. He is a true inspiration to me and my brothers.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the diligence and dedication of our own Robert Stringer. He has set an example for Hall County and northeast Georgia with his hard work. I wish him a relaxing and restful retire-ment—he has earned it. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF WOODBURY, MIN-NESOTA 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of Woodbury, Minnesota. Located east of Saint Paul on the picturesque high ground between the Mississippi and St. Croix River Valleys, Woodbury has quickly grown from a small farming community to a bustling suburb of 68,000 residents. The city of Woodbury enters its 50th year as a thriving community for all ages, with excellent schools, vibrant busi-nesses and beautiful neighborhoods, lakes and parks. In the 1840s, settlers primarily from the eastern U.S. and Germany arrived to the area, then called Red Rock by the native Dakota. Settlers soon incorporated the area as a town-ship and named it after former U.S. Senator, Secretary of the Navy and Treasury, and Su-preme Court Justice, Levi Woodbury. Much of the wooded land was converted into farmland, and agriculture dominated the area over the course of the next century. As development pressures increased, in 1967 residents chose to incorporate as the city of Woodbury to re-tain local control over rapid development of the community. Today, Woodbury is one of the fastest grow-ing Minnesota communities and is currently the state’s ninth largest city. Twenty-thousand new residents flocked to the city between 2000–2016 and many more are expected to arrive in the coming years, attracted by its tre-mendous amenities and easy access to free-ways and planned transit connections. Woodbury is home to a flourishing health and wellness industry, and has also drawn count-less other businesses to the area, which bene-fits from one of the most highly educated workforces in the nation. It is no surprise that Woodbury is regularly rated one of the ‘‘Best Places to Live’’ in national rankings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Mar 10, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD17\E08MR7.REC E08MR7bjneal on DSK30MX082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE293 March 8, 2017 
Since its founding, residents of Woodbury have always demonstrated a giving spirit to improve their community and welcome new-comers. As Woodbury grows and thrives, new residents are bringing diversity, creativity and energy that ensure the city will be an even better place in the next 50 years. I encourage all residents to recognize this special anniver-sary year and share their memories and their vision for the next half century. Mr. Speaker, as residents of Woodbury pre-pare to gather on March 27, 2017 to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the city, please join me in honoring this milestone. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CALIFORNIA SENATOR LUCY KILLEA 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a beloved and widely respected pub-lic servant who died at the age of 94. Through her visionary and inspirational leadership she brought forward generations of leaders dedi-cated to the public good and the growth of the City of San Diego, and the State of California. It is fitting that at this time, as we celebrate the history of the contributions of women throughout the month of March that I should rise to speak of Senator Lucy Killea. Lucy’s life of public service began during WWII, working as a military intelligence officer with the Central Intelligence Agency, and as an aide to First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, in 1946, during the first General Assembly of the United Nations. She and her husband John Killea, served ten years as U.S. diplomats in Mexico, which no doubt influenced Lucy’s commitment to fos-ter dialogue and collaboration between the United States and Mexico. After their diplo-matic service Lucy, and her husband, moved to San Diego, where she completed a doc-torate in Latin American History from the Uni-versity of California, San Diego. Lucy had a full career prior to running for political office. In 1978, San Diego Mayor Pete Wilson, ap-pointed Lucy, to an empty seat on the City Council. In 1982 she was elected to the Cali-fornia State Assembly, where she established the first bipartisan women’s caucus in the leg-islature, and won election to the California State Senate in 1989. She championed the environment, women’s health, and ethical gov-ernmental practices. She honored her con-stituents and placed their interests above her own. As I remember Lucy, I think of her not only as a dynamic and committed public servant but as a mentor, a role model and a friend. She worked tirelessly to support women and young people in their efforts to win public of-fice. I count myself among the many Califor-nians involved in public service, who, when confronted with tough political situations, often ask themselves, ‘‘What would Lucy do?’’ We recall how she left the Democratic Party and ran as an independent when she no longer believed that she could serve her constituents with a party label. The word trailblazer is often used to de-scribe her political leadership and it is in many ways inadequate to describe how much she has contributed to San Diego, her adopted city, and the great State of California. Lucy’s honesty, integrity and respect for civil discourse made her a remarkable leader and a dear friend to many. She truly represents the ‘‘best of us,’’ and is dearly missed. f 
HONORING INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of International Women’s Day. While there are many issues that women face, including equal pay for equal work, affordable child care, access to afford-able and quality healthcare, paid family leave, and the general rights of women of color and lesbian, bisexual, and transgender women, I would like to focus today on reproductive rights. Roe v. Wade became the law of the land in 1973 when the Supreme Court of the United States deemed abortion to be a fundamental right. In recent years, that fundamental right to make a private choice about one’s own body has been challenged by legislation and in the court system. Anti-choice legislation that places a ban on abortion care after a certain number of weeks of pregnancy, challenges to the contraception mandate in the Affordable Care Act, and most recently, passing a Con-gressional Review Act regarding changes to the Title X program are just a few of the tac-tics the House Republicans have used to un-dermine reproductive care for women in this country. Along with reproductive care, we must edu-cate our youth about sexual health. Instead of using evidence-based sexual education pro-grams, many Republicans have instead advo-cated for abstinence-only education. These programs promote the false notion that ‘‘sex-ual risk avoidance education’’ is effective, but they are harmful and stigmatizing. Young peo-ple deserve real information about sexual health and well-being. Research shows that when young people have the necessary infor-mation about contraception as well as absti-nence, they will delay initiation, reduce sexual activity, and increase use of condoms and contraception while seeing a reduction in unin-tended pregnancy and STD rates. Sexual health and education and reproductive health go hand-in-hand, but the GOP continues to ig-nore the evidence and add unnecessary bar-riers which ultimately increase rates of unin-tended pregnancy and decrease access to family planning care. Within days of his inauguration, President Trump signed an executive order enacting the Global Gag Rule, which forces any foreign or-ganization that receives U.S. foreign aid dol-lars to certify that they do not use their own funds to pay for abortion services, counsel pa-tients about the option of abortion, or advocate for the liberalization of abortion laws. This pol-icy is a change and an expansion from pre-vious law which has banned U.S. foreign aid dollars from being used for abortion related activities since 1973. Advocates have called this new policy the ‘‘Global Gage Rule on steroids.’’ This expansion delivers a dev-astating blow to NGOs and is dangerous for reproductive health internationally. At a time when the current administration seems to be more against women than with us, we must stand up for ourselves. We must continue to bring forward evidence-based and sensible policies that are good for women and good for our population. Whether we are dis-cussing reproductive health, economic equal-ity, civil rights, or the many other issues that women face, we must face them together. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CELEBRATING 150 YEARS OF THE SENTINEL- TRIBUNE 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate a treasured institution in my hometown of Bowling Green, Ohio, the Sentinel-Tribune Newspaper. The Sentinel-Tribune, a staple of Wood County has provided news coverage for the local community for 150 years and con-tinues to be a must-read six days a week. The Sentinel-Tribune began as just the Sen-tinel when it was originally established in 1867. The Sentinel served the people of Bowl-ing Green and southern Wood County who sought to change the county seat from Perrysburg to Bowling Green. In 1906, a merger with the Tribune was initiated, becom-ing the publication we recognize today. While the newspaper business has changed drastically since the 1800’s, the Sentinel-Trib-une has kept pace. Advances in technology have allowed anyone to share information at the push of a button and news travels quicker than ever. The Sentinel-Tribune continues to adapt to serve its readership through daily cir-culations and a growing digital presence. The Sentinel-Tribune has proven that it is an indispensible source for its readers that want to know what is happening in their com-munity, their state, and their country. It’s a tes-tament to the leadership, the reporters, and the staff at the newspaper that they have been so successful for a century and a half. Mr. Speaker, a news publication that con-tinues to serve the public interest as well as the Sentinel-Tribune deserves to be cele-brated and honored. The paper remains a trusted and valued news publication that has served the people of Ohio for 150 years. I want to recognize the Sentinel-Tribune for its years of service to the people of Ohio and the local community. 
f 
GRATITUDE FOR THE WORK OF THE INTERNATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MINNESOTA 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, today is International Women’s Day and I am proud to be a strong advocate for equity, opportunity, and full rights for women and girls both in the United States and around the world. Over my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08MR8.023 E08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE294 March 8, 2017 
tenure in Congress, I have fought to improve women’s healthcare, advance pay equity, and make sure girls have access to every edu-cational opportunity that is available to boys. With the Trump administration now in the White House, I am very concerned that the significant progress made to improve women’s lives are under threat of being diminished, rolled back or extinguished. I remain fully com-mitted to standing up, speaking out and cham-pioning the rights of women and girls. This past weekend I attended an event hosted by the International Institute of Min-nesota (IIM) to celebrate International Wom-en’s Day. It was a tremendous honor to re-ceive IIM’s 2017 Olga Zoltai Award for Service to New Americans. Special thanks to Jane Graupman, IIM’s amazing executive director, and Kitty Gogins, IIM’s board chair and daugh-ter of Olga Zoltai. IIM’s staff works hard doing the important work of resettling refugees. Their work builds a strong foundation for new Amer-ican families that helps them achieve success and self-sufficiency. Unfortunately, the anti-immigrant executive orders issued by the Trump administration, es-pecially the refugee ban, can only be called a betrayal of our values as Americans and the core beliefs that make this a great country. As I said in my remarks upon receiving this special award, ‘‘There is amazing strength and perseverance in each and every refugee story. The millions of women, men and children who have found their way to America have made this country better. Their courage must now be our courage as we resist isolationism, bigotry, and the scapegoating of good people seeking freedom and a new life in America.’’ I include in the R
ECORD my full remarks and a brief biography of Olga Zoltai who was truly an amazing woman. Throughout my career in Congress I have made the rights of women and girls a priority. We want a more peaceful, prosperous world, a world where children are healthy and families are strong, then let us invest in women and girls. The United States is the wealthiest nation on Earth. We must be investing in women and girls, not cutting funding and assistance that saves lives, protects the vulnerable and builds better futures. Empowering women and girls is not con-troversial, it is essential. It means giving every girl the opportunity she deserves—the right— to go to school and receive an education. It means eliminating discrimination, exploitation and violence against women and girls—wheth-er it be trafficking, forced marriage of girls, or pay discrimination right here in the United States. Empowering women means access to em-ployment, healthcare, and safe childcare. And, empowering women means asking a room full of women to think about standing up and be leaders—maybe running for elected office one day—for school board, city council, mayor, the state legislature, or the even the U.S. Con-gress. I am sure that each of us here today is very concerned about new policies that are coming out of this White House that impact refugees. In my view, these policies are a betrayal of America’s values and the core beliefs that make this a great country. We must resist these close minded and harmful policies. We must resist in Congress, in the courts, and in our communities. But it is also critical to continue to be welcoming, car-ing and embracing of all New Americans. It is more important than ever. There is amazing strength and persever-ance in each and every refugee story. The millions of women, men and children who have found their way to America have made this country better. Their courage must now be our courage as we resist isolationism, bigotry, and the scapegoating of good people seeking freedom and a new life in America. Olga Zoltai was a refugee who dedicated her life to welcoming refugees. Olga’s work is now our work and must continue this impor-tant work the same passion and commitment. Thank you for this very special award—I will treasure it. And, I will carry Olga in my heart as we fight to keep America a country that welcomes refugees and strives to offer hope, opportunity and freedom to all people. Thank you, Kitty. Thank you, Jane. And, thank you to everyone here today. OLGAZOLTAI , PATRON SAINT OF IMMIGRANTS  On Thursday, June 9, 2016, former Institute staff member Olga Zoltai passed away. Olga was a tireless advocate for refugees and im-migrants. Her tenacity and dedication im-proved the lives of thousands of New Ameri-cans in our community. A refugee herself—at the age of 13, Olga and her family fled her hometown of Sopron, Hungary as Soviet forces invaded—Olga worked at the Inter-national Institute of Minnesota from 1971 to 1993. During her years at the Institute, Olga designed innovative programs that responded to the needs of New Americans, transforming and strengthening our community. When Olga heard that a new federal pro-gram to resettle refugees was beginning in 1974, she knew the Institute had to do this work. The Institute’s Executive Director was on his honeymoon in Thailand when Olga heard about this opportunity. No one knew exactly where in Thailand he was honeymooning, but they did know he would not be back until after the application dead-line had passed. Not to be deterred, Olga began calling hotels to see if a guest match-ing his description was staying there. She eventually found him, received his approval, and applied. Thanks to Olga, the Institute has welcomed more than 25,000 refugees to our community. Olga was the caseworker who welcomed the first Hmong refugees to Minnesota in February 1976. She got the call of their ar-rival the night before the family’s 6 a.m. ar-rival. The youngest child arrived wearing just a t-shirt, but Olga and the church spon-soring the family brought blankets to the airport. Olga Zoltai with her three children Kitty, Lili, and Peter (left to right). It is now common for refugee resettlement agencies to have caseworkers who are from the communities they serve, and it was Olga who hired the first bi-lingual case manager in Minnesota. Olga founded the Nursing Assistant Train-ing Program in 1991 to provide New Ameri-cans access to entry-level jobs in healthcare. In the program’s 25 years, more than 1,900 nursing assistants have been employed. At a recent Nursing Assistant graduation, the class speaker declared: ‘‘Today is the great-est accomplishment of our lives. Today, we begin our lives as caregivers. You are chang-ing not just our lives, but our family’s lives as well.’’ Additionally, Olga worked on hundreds of political asylum cases and was known to be a unwavering advocate for those the most complex cases. ‘‘I was so lucky, you know?’’ Olga said when she reflected on her life’s story. When her chance came, ‘‘I was able to help.’’ Olga was awarded the eponymous ‘‘Olga Zoltai Award for Outstanding Service to New Americans’’ at the Institute’s International Women’s Day Tea in March 2016. f TRIBUTE TO MAURICE L. ‘‘MAURI’’ WILLIAMSON 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a prominent Hoosier leader and my dear friend, Mr. Maurice L. (Mauri) Williamson who passed away on January 30, 2017 sur-rounded by his loving family. Mauri was born in Economy, Indiana and spent his childhood participating in 4–H. He served in the Navy Medical Corps until 1946, after which he received his undergraduate de-gree from Purdue University in 1950. He was known throughout the state as the executive secretary of the Purdue University Ag Alumni Association, a position he held for 37 years. During his Purdue career, Mauri helped found the National Ag Alumni Development Associa-tion (NAADA) and started the Ag Alumni Fish Fry. Mauri put a lot of care and dedication into his work. After graduating from Purdue, he re-turned to the family farm, but he soon found he was better suited spending his time with people rather than with plants and animals. In 1961, he founded the Pioneer Village at the Indiana State Fair to preserve and display the history of Indiana agriculture. Mauri held court there each summer, visiting with his ever-ex-panding legion of friends acquired through his lifetime commitment to Purdue and to agri-culture. He had a deep love for the Indiana State Fair and only missed attending while serving in the Navy during World War II. I was first introduced to Mauri when I served as Indiana’s Secretary of State. He made it clear to me, in the way only he could do, the importance of farming and agriculture commu-nity to the past, present and future of Indiana. Even today, my family, and especially my two young sons, enjoys the fruit of his labor each August when we visit the Pioneer Village at the best State Fair in the nation. As a member of Congress, I continue to keep our past con-versations in mind when voting on agriculture issues. Mauri leaves June, his beloved wife of 68 years, two children, three grandchildren and five great grandchildren to carry on his legacy of service to fellow Hoosiers. I believe this world is a better place because of his compas-sionate service to our community, state and nation. Rest in peace, Mauri. He will not be forgotten. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE MICHIGAN STATE POLICE 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Michigan State Police as they celebrate their 100th Anniversary. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08MR8.027 E08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE295 March 8, 2017 
Michiganders are so grateful for Michigan State Police’s century of law enforcement ex-cellence, selfless service, and tireless dedica-tion to communities across Michigan. Originally organized as a temporary, war-time emergency force to provide domestic se-curity during World War I, the force was for-mally reorganized two years later as the Michi-gan State Police. In April of 1917, a small band of 300 mounted men became the first Michigan State Police troopers, and over the last 100 years, they have become a world- class, professional law enforcement agency with over 2,900 members. In the First District, we are grateful to have ten Michigan State Po-lice posts serving men and women in every community. From Alpena to Iron Mountain and Traverse City to the Soo, each Michigan State Police trooper takes on the sacred oath to serve and protect our families and homes when he or she puts on the uniform. You do more than protect, you inspire and build relationships in our communities through creative partnerships and programs ranging from direct engagement with Community Service Troopers to Teen Safe Driving programs that keep our most pre-cious resource, our children, safe. It’s your commitment to integrity, excellence, and cour-tesy that has led to real results in Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Michigan State Police for 100 years of service. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing that Northern Michigan and the Upper Penin-sula are better and safer places thanks to the work and dedication of the Michigan State Po-lice. On behalf of my constituents and resi-dents across the State of Michigan, congratu-lations, Michigan State Police, on 100 years of exceptional service. 
f 
SOUTHEASTERN ILLINOIS COL-LEGE’S MIG TEAM WINS STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 4 YEARS IN A ROW 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Southeastern Illinois College’s Model Illinois Government team’s success at the 2017 Model Illinois Government competi-tion. Southeastern’s team won the Out-standing Large Delegation Award, earning its tenth Outstanding Delegation Award in 14 years, and fourth in a row. Southeastern is the smallest school in terms of enrollment at the simulation and not only defeated much larger community colleges, but also Universities including the University of Illi-nois at Springfield, Eastern, and Western Uni-versities. Southeastern led all schools in total points, leadership positions, and controlled both the House Democrat and Senate Repub-lican caucuses. Southeastern set new school records for floor leadership positions (six) and total points (sixteen). Tracy Stokich and Cas-per Johns won the Award for Outstanding Original Legislation, while William Tippett was named Outstanding First Year Delegate, and Morgan Denbo won the Outstanding Member of the House of Representatives Award. Team members were elected to 4 com-mittee spokesperson positions, two committee chairs, while Evan Doughty was elected House Majority Leader, and Ryan Dennison was elected Senate Minority Leader. William Tippett and Grant Loudy were also elected as Assistant Leaders in their respective cham-bers, while Dana Hooven and Chloe Brandon were elected as floor whips. The Southeastern Model Illinois Government team, coached by Matt Lees, consists of Chloe Brandon, Ryan Dennison, Morgan Denbo, Evan Doughty, Reagan Gray, Dana Hooven, Stephanie (Casper) Johns, William Johnson, Granton Loudy, Braden Scroggins, Tracy Stokich, Nolan Sutton, and William Tippett. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the continued success of the Southeastern Model Illinois Government team, and I extend my best wish-es to them for another outstanding season next year. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed votes on H.R. 1362, To name the De-partment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic, on Tuesday, March 7, 2017. I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on Roll Call vote 127, and ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call vote 128. 
f 
HONORING JUDY TABAR, PRESI-DENT & CEO OF PLANNED PAR-ENTHOOD OF SOUTHERN NEW ENGLAND, ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 8, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to rise today to join the many family, friends, and colleagues who have gathered in extend-ing my deepest thanks and appreciation to my good friend, Judy Tabar, as she marks her re-tirement as President and CEO of Planned Parenthood of Southern New England. Under her leadership over the last two decades, PPSNE has stood at the forefront of every major effort to expand the organization’s role in health care and education. Though she will most certainly be missed, she leaves a strong foundation on which PPSNE can continue to build. Nearly five decades ago, Judy first joined Planned Parenthood as a physician assistant, providing direct patient care. Through her work with patients, she developed a deeper under-standing of their needs and how Planned Par-enthood could better meet. She soon became Associate Director of Planned Parenthood New England and twenty years ago took on the mantle of President and CEO of Planned Parenthood of Southern New England. In ad-dition to her work throughout Southern New England, Judy has served in numerous leader-ship roles within the Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America (PPFA), and currently serves on the PPFA Board of Directors. As President and CEO, Judy has oversee PPSNE’s eighteen health centers, managed its $30 million annual budget, and guided it through a 42 percent patient increase over the course of her tenure. It has been through Judy’s vision and unwavering dedication that PPSNE has expanded its services to include primary care as well as a clinical research pro-gram. Under her leadership, PPSNE has fo-cused on reducing teen birth rates and reduc-ing racial and ethnic health disparities by re-moving barriers to services and information. Today, PPSNE serves nearly 70,000 patients with preventative care making up 90 percent of the services provided. A visionary by any definition, Judy has placed PPSNE on the cut-ting edge of reproductive health care service expansion. I would be remiss if I did not take a moment to extend a special note of thanks to Judy for her friendship and support over the years. She has been an invaluable resource to both my-self and my staff. I am confident that I speak for everyone who has had the opportunity to work with Judy over the years when I say her passion, compassion, tenacity, and commit-ment will be deeply missed. Planned Parenthood of Southern New Eng-land stands as a model for affiliates across the country and that is in large part because of Judy Tabar. She has left an indelible mark on this outstanding organization and a legacy that will continue to inspire others to ensure that everyone has access to the affordable, quality reproductive health care they need and de-serve. I am honored to stand today to extend my heartfelt thanks and congratulations to Judy Tabar, for her outstanding leadership and good work, as well as my very best wish-es for many more years of health and happi-ness as she enjoys her retirement. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, March 9, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 14 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To receive a closed briefing on informa-tion surrounding the Marines United website. SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR8.030 E08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE296 March 8, 2017 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-tion of the National Flood Insurance Program. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine opportuni-ties to improve American energy infra-structure. SD–366 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representa-tive, with the rank of Ambassador. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security To hold hearings to examine continuing to improve truck safety on our nation’s highways. SR–253 MARCH 15 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine assessing U.S. sanctions on Russia, focusing on the next steps. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine unmanned aircraft systems, focusing on innova-tion, integration, successes, and chal-lenges. SD–106 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine innovative solutions to control invasive species and promote wildlife conservation. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 34, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of dis-approval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, S. 317, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government pro-grams and areas of duplication among them, S. 500, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the As-sistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary de-fense against terrorism, S. 218, to re-strict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, S. 188, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of of-ficers and employees of the Federal Government, H.R. 274, to provide for re-imbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government busi-ness, H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the De-partment of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in man-aging the Department’s vehicle fleet, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Regulatory Accountability Act’’, and the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine visas, focus-ing on investigating K–1 fiance fraud. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold closed hearings to examine a bal-listic missile defense program update. SVC–217 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine STEM edu-cation, focusing on preparing students for the careers of today and the future. SD–138 11 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine six years of war in Syria, focusing on the human toll. SD–419 1:30 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine the modus Operandi and toolbox of Russia and other autocracies for undermining de-mocracies throughout the world. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine GAO’s high risk list and the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. SR–418 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine raising grandchildren in the opioid crisis and beyond. SD–562 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine how small businesses confront and shape regula-tions. SR–428A 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine all arms warfare in the 21st century. SR–232A MARCH 22 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M08MR8.000 E08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D235 Wednesday, March 8, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1649–S1702 Measures Introduced: Twenty-three bills and four resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 563–585, S.J. Res. 35–36, and S. Res. 83–84.
       Pages S1689–90 
Measures Passed: Department of Education Rule: By 59 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. 83), Senate passed H.J. Res. 58, pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues.
                                             Pages S1651–66 
Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordina-tion and Planning Area Reform: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 496, to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S1695 
Operation Desert Storm and Operation Desert Shield Memorial: Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources was discharged from further consider-ation of S.J. Res. 1, approving the location of a me-morial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in sup-port of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield, and the resolution was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S1695 
International Women’s Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 84, supporting the goals of International Wom-en’s Day.
                                                                 Pages S1695–96 
Measures Considered: Elementary and Secondary Education Act Rule— Agreement: Senate began consideration of H.J. Res. 57, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.                                                           Pages S1666–86, S1697–S1702 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that following Leader remarks on Thursday, March 9, 2017, Senate continue consideration of the joint resolution, with the time equally divided in the usual form until 12 noon, and that at 12 noon, Sen-ate vote on passage of the joint resolution with no intervening action or debate; and that Senate then resume executive session for the consideration of Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 1:45 p.m.
                                                                       Page S1686 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the joint reso-lution at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, March 9, 2017; and that 30 minutes of the Majority time on the joint resolution be under the control of Senator Blunt, or his designee.
                           Page S1696 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1689 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1689 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1690–91 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1691–94 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1688–89 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1694–95 
Privileges of the Floor:                                           Page 1695 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—83)
                                                                   Page S1666 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 8:34 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, March 9, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1696.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR7.REC D08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD236 March 8, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FUNDING TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine in-vesting in America, focusing on funding our nation’s transportation infrastructure needs, after receiving testimony from David Bernhardt, Maine Department of Transportation Commissioner, Augusta, on behalf of the American Association of State Highway Transportation Officials; Jim Tymon, American As-sociation of State Highway Transportation Officials, Ed Mortimer, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Beth Osborne, Transportation for America, all of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Todd Hauptli, American Associa-tion of Airport Executives, Alexandria, Virginia. SAVING LIVES THROUGH MEDICAL RESEARCH Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine saving lives through medical re-search, after receiving testimony from Timothy J. Eberlein, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, Missouri; Thomas J Grabowski Jr., University of Washington Memory and Brain Wellness Center, Alzheimer’s Disease Research Center, Integrated Brain Imaging Center, Seattle; Stacey Schultz-Cher-ry, St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital Depart-ment of Infectious Diseases, Memphis, Tennessee; and Jennifer M. Sasser, University of Mississippi Medical Center, Jackson. CYBERSECURITY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security received a closed briefing on cybersecurity from the Defense Science Board from Craig I. Fields, Chairman, Defense Science Board; David S. C. Chu, Institute for Defense Analyses; Christine H. Fox, Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Labora-tory; Paul J. Hoeper, OnPoint Technologies, Inc.; John L. Manferdelli, Google; James N. Miller, Adaptive Strategies LLC; and Robert F. Nesbit, MITRE Corporation’s Center for Integrated Intel-ligence System. GLOBAL NUCLEAR WEAPONS ENVIRONMENT Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine the global nuclear weapons environment, after receiving testimony from General C. Robert Kehler, USAF (Ret.), former Commander, United States Strategic Command, Department of Defense; Keith B. Payne, Missouri State University Defense Strategic Studies; and Gary S. Samore, Harvard Kennedy School Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs. FCC OVERSIGHT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Federal Communications Commission, after receiving testimony from Ajit Pai, Chairman, and Mignon L. Clyburn, and Michael O’Rielly, both a Commissioner, all of the Federal Communications Commission. NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION AND MODERNIZATION Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine S. 512, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, after re-ceiving testimony from Allison Bawden, Acting Di-rector, Natural Resources and Environment, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Maria G. Korsnick, Nu-clear Energy Institute, Washington, D.C.; Ashley E. Finan, Nuclear Innovation Alliance, Boston, Massa-chusetts; Christina Back, General Atomics, San Diego, California; and Edwin Lyman, Union of Con-cerned Scientists, Cambridge, Massachusetts. NOMINATION Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Portman, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. INDIAN AFFAIRS PRIORITIES Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine Indian affairs priorities for the Trump Administration, after receiving testi-mony from Ryan K. Zinke, Secretary of the Interior; Alvin Not Afraid, Jr., Crow Nation, Crow Agency, Montana; Keith B. Anderson, Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community, Prior Lake, Min-nesota; Jefferson Keel, Chicksaw Nation, Ada, Okla-homa; and Paul Torres, All Pueblo Council of Gov-ernors, Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR7.REC D08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D237 March 8, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R.1420–1441; and 7 rosolutions, H.J. Res. 86; and H. Res. 178–183, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1947–48 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1949–50 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 111, a resolution of inquiry directing the Attorney General to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the financial practices of the President, with an amendment; ad-versely (H. Rept. 115–28); and H. Res. 180, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 720) to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney ac-countability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 985) to amend the procedures used in Federal court class actions and multidistrict litigation proceedings to assure fairer, more efficient outcomes for claimants and defend-ants, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–29). 
                                                                                            Page H1947 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Ros-Lehtinen to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H1597 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:39 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H1601 
Amending title 28, United States Code, to pre-vent fraudulent joinder—Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 175, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 725) to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent join-der, by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 130, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 129.
                                                                Pages H1611–18 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Hoyer motion to adjourn by a recorded vote of 127 ayes to 295 noes with 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 132. 
                                                                                    Pages H1618–19 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the McGovern mo-tion to adjourn by a recorded vote of 107 ayes to 277 noes, Roll No. 134.
                                        Page H1620 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Takano motion to adjourn by a recorded vote of 114 ayes to 290 noes, Roll No. 135.
                                                      Pages H1940–41 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017: The House passed H.R. 1301, making appro-priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, by a yea-and-nay vote of 371 yeas to 48 nays, Roll No. 136.                                                                              Pages H1621–H1942 
H. Res. 174, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1301) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 133, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 232 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 131. 
                                                  Pages H1604–11, H1618, H1619–20 
Suspensions: The House considered the following measure under suspension of the Rules: Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act of 2017: H.R. 132, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conser-vancy District.
                                                     Pages H1942–43 
Motion to Adjourn: Agreed to the Raskin motion to adjourn by a yea-and-nay vote of 314 yeas to 98 nays, Roll No. 137.
                                          Pages H1943–44 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and five recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1616–17, H1617, H1618, H1618–19, H1619–20, H1620, H1940–41, H1941–42, and H1943–44. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:46 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MEMBERS’ DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Barraga´n, Carter of Geor-gia, Comer, Crawford, Crist, Foster, Gosar, Gene Green of Texas, Huizenga, Jackson Lee, Johnson of Louisiana, Mast, Nolan, Panetta, Polis, Francis Roo-ney of Florida, Tipton, Watson Coleman, and Wil-son of South Carolina. PUBLIC WITNESS DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies held a hearing for public witnesses. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\D08MR7.REC D08MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD238 March 8, 2017 
QUALITY OF LIFE IN THE MILITARY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a hearing on quality of life in the military. Testimony was heard from Daniel A. Dailey, Sergeant Major, U.S. Army; Steven S. Gior-dano, Master Chief Petty Officer, U.S. Navy; Ronald L. Green, Sergeant Major, U.S. Marine Corps; and Kaleth O. Wright, Chief Master Sergeant, U.S. Air Force. MILITARY ASSESSMENT OF NUCLEAR DETERRENCE REQUIREMENTS Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Military Assessment of Nuclear Deterrence Requirements’’. Testimony was heard from General John Hyten, U.S. Air Force, Com-mander, U.S. Strategic Command; Admiral Bill Moran, U.S. Navy, Vice Chief of Naval Operations; General Paul Selva, U.S. Air Force, Vice Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff; and General Stephen Wilson, Vice Chief of Staff, U.S. Air Force. THE CURRENT STATE OF U.S. ARMY READINESS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of U.S. Army Readiness’’. Testimony was heard from the following U.S. Army officials: Lieutenant Gen-eral Joseph Anderson, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–3/5/ 7; Lieutenant General Gwendolyn Bingham, Assist-ant Chief of Staff for Installation Management; and Lieutenant General Aundre F. Piggee, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–4. AN INDEPENDENT FLEET ASSESSMENT OF THE U.S. NAVY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘An Independent Fleet Assessment of the U.S. Navy’’. Testimony was heard from Charles Werchado, Deputy Director, Assessment Division (N81B), U.S. Navy; Rear Admiral Lower Half Jesse Wilson, Jr., Director, Assessment Division (OPNAV N81), U.S. Navy; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 1304, the ‘‘Self-In-surance Protection Act’’; H.R. 1101, the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1313, the ‘‘Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act’’. The following legislation was ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1101, H.R. 1313, and H.R. 1304. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee began a markup on a committee print of Budget Reconciliation Legislative Recommendations Relat-ing to Repeal and Replace of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; and H. Res. 154, of in-quiry requesting the President of the United States and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to transmit certain information to the House of Representatives relating to plans to repeal or re-place the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the health-related measures of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 876, the ‘‘Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhancement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1238, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’; H.R. 1249, the ‘‘DHS Multiyear Acquisition Strategy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1252, the ‘‘DHS Ac-quisition Authorities Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1258, the ‘‘HSA Technical Corrections Act’’; H.R. 1282, the ‘‘DHS Acquisition Review Board Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1294, the ‘‘Reducing DHS Acquisition Cost Growth Act’’; H.R. 1297, the ‘‘Quadrennial Home-land Security Review Technical Corrections Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1302, the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1309, the ‘‘TSA Administrator Modernization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1353, the ‘‘Transparency in Techno-logical Acquisitions Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1370, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1372, the ‘‘Homeland Security for Children Act’’; and H.R. 1365, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Ac-quisition Innovation Act’’. The following legislation was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1294, H.R. 1297, H.R. 1302, H.R. 1309, H.R. 1353, H.R. 1238, H.R. 1249, and H.R. 1258. The following legislation was ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 876, H.R. 1252, H.R. 1282, H.R. 1370, H.R. 1372, and H.R. 1365. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 173, a committee funding resolution. H. Res. 173 was ordered reported, with-out amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR7.REC D08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D239 March 8, 2017 
THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY’S PROPOSED REGULATIONS REFORMING THE INVESTOR VISA PROGRAM Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of Homeland Se-curity’s Proposed Regulations Reforming the Inves-tor Visa Program’’. Testimony was heard from Sen-ators Grassley and Leahy; Rebecca Gambler, Home-land Security and Justice Team, Government Ac-countability Office; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 1293, to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an an-nual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by Federal employees; H.R. 1364, the ‘‘Official Time Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 653, the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 680, the ‘‘Eliminating Pornography from Agencies Act’’; H. Res. 38, expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that offices attached to the seat of Gov-ernment should not be required to exercise their of-fices in the District of Columbia; the ‘‘SOAR Reau-thorization Act’’; H.R. 745, the ‘‘Federal Records Modernization Act of 2017’’; and the ‘‘Electronic Message Preservation Act of 2017’’. EXAMINING IRS CUSTOMER SERVICE CHALLENGES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administra-tive Rules held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining IRS Customer Service Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from John Dalrymple, Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement, Internal Revenue Serv-ice; Russell Martin, Assistant Inspector General, Re-turns Processing and Account Services, Treasury In-spector General for Tax Administration; and Jessica Lucas-Judy, Acting Director, Strategic Issues, Gov-ernment Accountability Office. LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUCTION ACT OF 2017; FAIRNESS IN CLASS ACTION LITIGATION ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 720, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2017’’; H.R. 985, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Liti-gation Act of 2017’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 720. The rule provides one hour of general debate on the bill equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a structured rule for H.R. 985. The rule provides one hour of general debate on the bill equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule Makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–5 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Goodlatte and Representatives Cohen and John-son of Georgia. REGULATING SPACE: INNOVATION, LIBERTY, AND INTERNATIONAL OBLIGATIONS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘Regu-lating Space: Innovation, Liberty, and International Obligations’’. Testimony was heard from Henry B. Hogue, Specialist in American National Govern-ment, Congressional Research Service; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR7.REC D08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD240 March 8, 2017 
SMALL BUSINESS CYBERSECURITY: FEDERAL RESOURCES AND COORDINATION Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Cybersecurity: Fed-eral Resources and Coordination’’. Testimony was heard from Maureen K. Ohlhausen, Acting Chair-man, Federal Trade Commission; Chuck Romine, Director Information Technology Lab, National In-stitute of Standards and Technology; and public wit-nesses. BUILDING A 21ST CENTURY INFRASTRUCTURE FOR AMERICA: AIR TRANSPORTATION IN THE UNITED STATES IN THE 21ST CENTURY Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Aviation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Air Transportation in the United States in the 21st Century’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee began a markup on Budget Reconciliation Legislative Rec-ommendations Relating to Remuneration from Cer-tain Insurers; Budget Reconciliation Legislative Rec-ommendations Relating to Repeal of Tanning Tax; Budget Reconciliation Legislative Recommendations Relating to Repeal of Certain Consumer Taxes; Budget Reconciliation Legislative Recommendations Relating to Repeal of Net Investment Income Tax; Budget Reconciliation Legislative Recommendations Relating to Repeal and Replace of Health-Related Tax Policy. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 369, to eliminate the sunset of the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes; H.R. 1181, the ‘‘Veterans 2nd Amendment Protec-tion Act’’; H.R. 1259, the ‘‘VA Accountability First Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1367, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physician and other employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and H.R. 1379, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the entitlement to educational assistance under the Post-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs for members of the Armed Forces awarded the Purple Heart. The following legislation was ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 369 and H.R. 1379. The following legislation was ordered re-ported, without amendment: H.R. 1181, H.R. 1259, and H.R. 1367. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine U.S. Central Command and U.S. Africa Command, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor re-lated to certain investment fund research reports, S. 444, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to ex-pand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an in-vestment company, S. 462, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Commission, S. 484, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an ex-emption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States, and S. 488, to increase the threshold for disclosures re-quired by the Securities and Exchange Commission relat-ing to compensatory benefit plans, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider the nomination of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador to Israel; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine resolving the conflict in Yemen, focusing on U.S. interests, risks, and policy, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine agency use of science in the rulemaking process, focusing on proposals for im-proving transparency and accountability, 10:15 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 419, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and the nominations of Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring Octo-ber 31, 2019, and Charles R. Breyer, of California, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2021, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans serv-ice organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence, 2 p.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:10 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR7.REC D08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D241 March 8, 2017 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Rural Development and Energy Pro-grams’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Re-search, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Specialty Crops’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 2 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 9:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Man-agement Challenges at the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education and the Social Secu-rity Administration: Views from the Inspectors General’’, 10 a.m., 2358–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, oversight hearing on Department of State and Foreign Operations Programs, 10 a.m., 2362–A Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Deterrence—the De-fense Science Board’s Perspective’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Committee on Ethics, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 2 p.m., 1015 Long-worth. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Flood Insurance Re-form: FEMA’s Perspective’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 910, the ‘‘Fair Ac-cess to Investment Research Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1257, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Commission Over-payment Credit Act’’; the ‘‘US Territories Investor Pro-tection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1343, the ‘‘Encouraging Em-ployee Ownership Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1312, the ‘‘Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act’’, 1:30 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Undermining Democratic Institutions and Splintering NATO: Russian Disinformation Aims’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy Under Threat in Ethiopia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of DHS Private Sector Engagement for Cybersecurity’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Im-proving and Expanding Infrastructure in Tribal and Insu-lar Communities’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing ATF’s Failures in the Death of ICE Agent Jaime Zapata’’; markup on H.R. 1293, to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an an-nual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by Federal employees; the ‘‘Official Time Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 653, the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 680, the ‘‘Eliminating Pornography from Agencies Act’’; H. Res. 38, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that offices attached to the seat of Government should not be required to exercise their offices in the District of Columbia; the ‘‘SOAR Reauthor-ization Act’’; H.R. 745, the ‘‘Federal Records Moderniza-tion Act of 2017’’; and the ‘‘Electronic Message Preserva-tion Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘National Science Foundation Part I: Overview and Oversight’’, 11 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017’’; and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’, 9:30 a.m., 2321 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Oversight, and Regulations titled, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of SBA’s 7(a) Loan Program’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: The Role of Federal Agencies in Water Infra-structure’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR7.REC D08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD242 March 8, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, March 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.J. Res. 57, Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act Rule, with a vote on passage of the joint reso-lution at approximately 12 noon. Following which, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon, at approximately 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, March 9 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 725—In-nocent Party Protection Act. Consideration of H.R. 985—Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E294 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E289 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E287 Carter, John R., Tex., E290 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E295 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E287 Collins, Doug, Ga., E292 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E289 Culberson, John Abney, Tex., E289 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E293 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E295 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E289 Hill, J. French, Ark., E288 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E288 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E289 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E293 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E293 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E292, E293 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E289, E289 Poe, Ted, Tex., E288 Posey, Bill, Fla., E289 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E290, E292 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E294 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E287 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E290 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E287 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E290 Shimkus, John, Ill., E295 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E289 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E292 Valadao, David G., Calif., E288 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E288 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Mar 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08MR7.REC D08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST