Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Coop Month and the many coops of the big First District of Kansas. With a history spanning back to the 18th century, coops shaped the way American producers and consumers do business, and in doing so, these ventures have become an invaluable part of business in our own Nation. From a personal standpoint, I remember my first adventure to a coop as a 6 or 7yearold boy on a wheat farm in Kansas. My uncles would let me tag along, riding in our 1952 Chevy truck, and take that wheat to the Burns Coop. When I was there, I got to taste my first Orange Crush pop. It was the biggest treat of the whole harvest for me, getting to go to that coop and getting a little bottle of pop. Over time, though, coops have grown far beyond agriculture. We now have coops across our district working in broadband, our electric and gas service, housing needs, and so much more. Run by the people who run and use them, these coops, from Kansas to Kentucky, from Alabama to Arkansas to Alaska, are voluntary and selfdirected organizations. The benefits are apparent. Take, for example, MKC, one of the fastest growing coops in my State, which has donated more than $500,000 to our local communities in the last 5 years. The benefits of userbased economic control are growing each year. National Coop Month brings to mind the hard work and dedication that goes into providing you and me with items and services that we take for granted every day. Going forward, I urge my colleagues and fellow Members to continue to work and support our farmers and ranchers, our coops and their vital work for all America. RECOGNITION OF IMPORTANCE OF TRADE TO  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the importance of trade to the Kansas manufacturing industry. I recently had the opportunity to tour a number of local manufacturing companies as part of my Manufacturing Day tour in Kansas and was able to hear how these companies are working to meet both local and global demands for our products. These companies in Hutchinson, Kansas; McPherson, Kansas; and Moundridge, Kansas, showed me how they partnered with local community colleges to recruit and train employees as well as innovate to improve their own processes. They repeatedly emphasized how important trade is to manufacturing in Kansas. When it comes to trade, NAFTA remains of critical importance to the Kansas economy. Nearly 40 percent of the manufacturing exports produced in Kansas go to Canada and Mexico. Let me say that again: 40 percent of the goods manufactured in Kansas go to Canada and Mexico, at a value of nearly $3 billion each year. As we work through the process of updating and modernizing our free trade agreements, our goal must be to expand and open new markets for American exporters so we can grow our economies and put Americanmade products at the forefront of the global marketplace. 
RECOGNITION OF ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF ELLY MCNELIS AND BOBBY HEENAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishments of two amazing Bucks Countians, Elly McNelis and Bobby Heenan. The Bucks County Central Labor Council has awarded the Trish Coyle Award to Elly McNelis, a member of AFSCME Local 1598, and president of the Neshaminy Bucks Coalition of Labor Union Women. Elly serves as a Bucks County crossing guard and is committed to strengthening the role of women in unions and increasing the involvement of women in the legislative process. The Bucks County Central Labor Council has also awarded Bobby Heenan with their Man of the Year Award. Bobby serves as the business manager for the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 542. Bobby and his team are committed to producing the most skilled and efficient heavy equipment operators in the industry. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize these distinguished individuals for their service to their fellow working families and to our entire Bucks County community. BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as the son and brother of breast cancer survivors, I understand the impact of this disease on families throughout our community. Each year, about 200,000 women are diagnosed with breast cancer, and more than 40,000 American women will die of this disease. It does not have to be this way, Mr. Speaker. This Breast Cancer Awareness Month, I am proud to be working with my colleague Congresswoman DELAURO  in advocating for increased access to information about breast cancer that allows women and their doctors to make the best decisions possible. The fight against cancer is one that transcends politics. By working together, we can pass commonsense legislation that increases the quality of life and care for patients and, ultimately, put an end to this awful disease. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, nearly 70 percent of individuals who abuse prescription pain medication get them from their friends or family. As our community continues to grapple with the devastating effects of the opioid epidemic, it is crucial we take every step possible to stop prescription medications from falling into the wrong hands, including the collecting and safely disposing of unused or expired prescription drugs. My community in Bucks County has collected over 40 tons of unused medications, the most in Pennsylvania, as part of our successful Prescription Drug Take Back program. This collaborative effort between local government, law enforcement, and community leaders is crucial in the battle against this crisis. I commend those involved and urge all residents to participate in our next Take Back Day and to utilize the permanent drop boxes that are located throughout our region. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As the Members return, we ask Your blessing on all those who are discerning significant options about remaining in the people’s House or choosing to run for this office. May a spirit of freedom and public responsibility prevail among all the voices competing for ascendancy in the conversations and debates that ensue. Bless all Members with wisdom in good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, that the legacy of great legislators of our history might be carried on with integrity for the benefit of all. May all that is done in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. COMER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Janet Johnson for being named Educator of the Year by the National Extension Association of Family and Consumer Sciences. Janet Johnson has worked tirelessly for the citizens of Allen County as an agent for the University of Kentucky Cooperative Extension Service. She dedicates her time to extending UK’s research knowledge to help Kentuckians build strong families. 
Much of Johnson’s work revolves around community and economic development. In fact, she helped secure nearly $20 million in renovation and beautification funding for Allen County. Johnson was an integral part of ‘‘Plate It Up Kentucky Proud,’’ which encourages consumers to purchase and eat local produce. Regionally, she was extremely influential in connecting producers and consumers in south central Kentucky through the Farm to Table program. These accomplishments only scratch the surface of Johnson’s contribution to outreach and engagement for communities and families in Kentucky. Simply put, Janet Johnson is an outstanding professional in family and consumer sciences who has paved the way for many transformative programs in Kentucky. I am proud to recognize her as Extension Educator of the Year and as a distinguished teacher and colleague. 
CONGRATULATING MICHELLE BAUER ON WINNING FIRST PLACE IN THE PENNSYLVANIA MUNICIPAL LEAGUE’S ANNUAL ESSAY CONTEST (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a St. Marys Area High School student for winning first place in the Pennsylvania Municipal League’s annual essay contest. Michelle Bauer, a senior at St. Marys Area High School, is the recipient of a $2,000 scholarship for taking home the top prize at the Pennsylvania Municipal League’s 118th annual summit, which took place earlier this month at Erie’s Bayfront Convention Center. This year’s essay theme was: Civics and you. Contest participants were asked to elaborate on this theme by writing about opportunities in their community that allows for civic engagement and encourage citizens to volunteer locally. Mr. Speaker, I know that civic involvement is something that we can all agree is important to the quality of life in all of our communities. The mission of the Pennsylvania Municipal League is to strengthen, empower, and advocate for effective local government. It is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that was established in 1900 to advocate for Pennsylvania’s third class cities. I congratulate Michelle Bauer on her first place finish and wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
VOTERS BELIEVE MEDIA FABRICATES NEWS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent Morning Consult poll found that nearly half of all voters—46 percent— ‘‘believe the media fabricates news stories about President Donald Trump and his administration.’’ It is not surprising that the American people feel this way. Each day they wake up to another barrage of negative reporting about a President they elected. In fact, a recent Harvard University study found that news coverage of President Trump’s first 100 days was 80 percent negative, a record high for any recent President. The news media used anonymous sources to report illegitimate claims that intentionally placed the President and his administration in a bad light. This is borderline malicious. The liberal media frequently rushed to print stories with one single biased source. Often, the stories turn out to be false. This is the current state of journalism by the liberal media. The media should report on the topics of the day in a fair and balanced manner; otherwise, the American people will continue to consider the media’s coverage to be fabricated news. f 
b1631 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BACON ) at 4 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4038, the DHS Accountability Enhancement Act. H.R. 4038, or the DHS Accountability Enhancement Act, strikes section 872 of the Homeland Security Act. Section 872 grants the Secretary of Homeland Security unilateral authority to reorganize the Department as long as the Secretary notifies Congress 60 days in advance. H.R. 4038, this bill, rescinds this unilateral authority. As authorizers of the Department of Homeland Security, the Committee on Homeland Security is ultimately responsible for reorganization of the Department. H.R. 4038 reinforces this responsibility. The separation of powers doctrine compels the elimination of the provision, which gives the Department of Homeland Security unilateral decisionmaking authority to reorganize the Department. Moreover, it should be noted that this bill is not without precedent. While considering H.R. 2825, the Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017, in June, the Committee on Homeland Security unanimously approved eliminating the language found in section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. I believe that this legislation not only ensures this committee’s involvement in reorganizations at DHS, but affirms the responsibility of Congress as authorizers. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge support of this bipartisan legislation. H.R. 4038 is necessary, commonsense legislation. An action as significant as the reorganization of an entire department and its components should be subject to the appropriate vetting and approval measures of this Congress. I thank Chairman MCCAULfor working with Ranking Member THOMPSON  on this issue both during the consideration of the DHS Authorization Act and now on this measure. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4038, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4038. I will say that this committee has passed over 50 bills out of the House that are currently sitting in the Senate waiting action. I urge the Senate to take action on this important legislation, all 50plus bills, that will help better protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4038. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CUBAN AIRPORT SECURITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3328) to require a study regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports, require the standardization of Federal Air Marshal Service agreements, require efforts to raise international aviation security standards, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3328 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VELA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation that will address the critical need to enhance security at airports in Cuba and across the globe. Last week, I had the privilege to lead a congressional delegation overseas to see firsthand investments our foreign partners in Europe and the Middle East have made to enhance aviation security. We face an unprecedented threat landscape, and they are clearly responding to it. In order to keep Americans safe, we must advance collaborative counterterrorism efforts with our allies and take a more stringent and riskbased approach with countries that are more hostile to the United States. In leading this delegation to examine aviation security at international airports, I had the opportunity to meet with many members of our Foreign Service and military, who all work tirelessly on behalf of all of us to advance America’s interests abroad. Unfortunately, it has recently come to light that more than 20 of our American diplomats who were working at the United States Embassy in Havana were the victims of a sonic attack. As a result, many of these members of our Foreign Service have been diagnosed with serious injuries and dangerous symptoms, and, in some cases, even permanent brain damage. Reports indicate that these attacks started as early as May of 2016, exactly one year after the previous administration removed Cuba’s designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. Our government told our diplomats Cuba was safe. The reality was quite the opposite, and, because of that mistake, some of our diplomats will pay a permanent price. These horrific attacks on members of our dedicated Foreign Service raise numerous questions about how much trust and, indeed, how much confidence we can have in the Cuban Government. We have to ask ourselves: If Cuba is unable to ensure the safety and security of foreign diplomats working in the embassies there, how can it possibly prevent terrorists and other nefarious actors from accessing its airports and infiltrating flights bound for the United States? I recall last year when the Obama administration entered into opening up flights to Cuba, they ceded so much of the authority to the Cuban Government, the communist Cuban Government, over who they are going to hire, who is going to work with the American agencies, and who is going to be in charge of security; and we have very little control and, indeed, very little oversight over anything to do with those airports, yet American citizens are going to be going there and possibly facing danger. That is a real concern. The legislation we are considering today requires that Cuba’s airports be subjected to additional security to ensure that inbound flights to the United States are secure. I am not here today to relitigate the wider policy towards Cuba or the Cuban Government, but I am here to ensure that Cuba and the rest of the global aviation community are held to security standards that are sufficient in these modern times to respond to the evolving and sometimes grave threats that the aviation sector faces on a regular basis. The International Civil Aviation Organization standards, which currently serve as the benchmark minimum requirements for all airports with flights to the United States, are simply too weak; and I would submit that they are becoming outdated, given the fact that terrorism aspects nationwide and, indeed, worldwide routinely are adapting, and these standards are not. This legislation we are considering today requires the Trump administration to take steps to raise minimum standards which will elevate American aviation security around the globe. No matter how strong our domestic airport and aircraft security is, we must continue to raise the standard of global aviation security for foreign countries and lastpointofdeparture airports. It is imperative that aviation security standards are robust and that these standards are commonplace in foreign countries, especially those with flights to the United States. It is also imperative that these countries meet these standards; not just say they are going to meet these standards, but that they are, in fact, meeting the standards, something we found out recently is not always the case. Confidence in aviation security at home begins with the assurance that our global partners are enforcing security standards abroad. By passing this bill today, we can demonstrate to the global community that the United States sees international aviation security as critical, because raising the aviation security standard abroad will obviously and ultimately keep us safe at home. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman MCCAULand Chairman S IRES for joining me in championing this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank all the members of the Homeland Security Committee and their staffs for putting politics aside, as we often do on this great committee, and supporting this bill unanimously. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation to enhance our national security. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would like to note and echo the sentiments of my colleague and leader of this committee, Mr. MCCAUL. There are more than 50 bills now sitting over in the Senate that have passed the House from the Homeland Security Committee. The very words ‘‘homeland security’’ should not be of question, and they should not be something to serve 
as an impediment to keeping our country safe; it should be just the opposite. Therefore, I join Mr. MCCAULand urge my colleagues in the Senate to move swiftly on the passage of these bills to keep our country safe. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, August 30, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further action on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. The Committee also reserves the right to seek an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this bill, and would appreciate your support for any such request. I ask that you place our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with you as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 13, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3328—the ‘‘Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Foreign Affairs will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF  REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 13, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write concerning H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego action on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Further, this is conditional on our understanding that mutually agreed upon changes to the legislation will be incorporated into the bill prior to floor consideration. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Homeland Security, as well as in the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our understanding. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 13, 2017. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3328—the ‘‘Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. Further, the Committee on Homeland Security agrees that mutually agreed upon changes to the legislation will be incorporated into the bill prior to floor consideration. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
b1645 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Security Act. The United States and the global aviation community face an adaptive and agile enemy. Terrorist groups continue to target passenger aircraft and pursue new attack methods. With those threats in mind, the legislation before us today focuses on raising the level of security in Cuba. H.R. 3328 will ensure that Congress is able to continue its oversight of the TSA’s efforts to ensure the Cuban Government adopts aviation security initiatives and makes important security advancements. It is critical that the gains achieved are not eroded. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee and my friend. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Cuban Airport Security Act. Lastpointofdeparture airports are critically important to our homeland security. One only need look at the latest laptop ban that was instituted at 10 lastpointofdeparture airports, given the fact that the terrorists have now learned how to turn them into explosive devices. The American people should have grave concern about the level of security in place at any foreign airport where the host government refuses to allow strict inspections of airport security by Members of Congress. As a footnote, Mr. Speaker, it was just last year that Mr. KATKO and I applied for visas to the Government of Cuba to inspect these airports to see how safe they were, and the Cuban Government’s response to that was to deny our visa applications. What is more concerning is that over the course of the last year, the United States Government personnel in Cuba have been targeted and subjected to harmful sonic attacks, which in some cases have caused permanent brain damage. This must not be tolerated. Too many questions remain when it comes to Cuba’s airports. Congress is still largely in the dark in terms of Cuba’s security equipment, training procedures, and other perimeter security. This bill takes an important step forward to shed light on current inadequacies and help to ensure proper oversight of inbound flights from Cuba to the United States. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend my good friend from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for his continued leadership on aviation security and last pointofdeparture airports, which has been critical in bringing these issues to the forefront, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House Homeland Security Committee passed H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017, by voice vote in September. While the legislation is focused on raising the level of aviation security in Cuba, it has broader implications. 
H.R. 3328 includes a provision requiring the TSA to develop a template for agreements with foreign partners for Federal air marshals to carry out security operations on flights departing or arriving on foreign soil. As Mr. KATKO mentioned, just last week there were news reports that the DHS and the TSA had acknowledged that intelligence indicates that terrorists are plotting another massive attack on U.S. aircraft. In the current climate of aviation security threats, the United States has a critical role to play in raising the baseline of global aviation security to keep the traveling public safe, in coordination with our international partners. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H.R. 3328, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill for the reasons that I have already spoken about, but I do want to note that there are two things in this bill that are very important. One is to give us the ability to examine whether or not the airports in Cuba are indeed safe. As you heard from the statements earlier during this colloquy from myself, from Mr. VELA, and from Mr. MCCAUL, there are gaps in our knowledge of Cuba that are simply unique to most of the other aviation communities. It is incumbent upon us to try and find out what is going on down there. As my colleague, Mr. MCCAUL, stated, we were denied visas because they knew we were coming to look at their airports. They allow very little oversight from the TSA at their airports. They or someone in their country have attacked our embassy employees. The communist Cuban party controls the vast majority of what happens with aviation with very little knowledge of what the internal workings of that are. They are not collaborative partners at all, and that is a major concern. The other part of the bill is reviewing international aviation standards. Are they keeping up to date with evolving threats, such as the laptop threat and others that we know of around the world? Are they adhering to the standards that are set by the ICAO? And are those standards sufficient going forward? Those are all things we need to take a look at. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill because it is a Homeland Security bill. I hope that my colleagues in the Senate, including Senator RUBIO, my good friend who is championing the companion bill, I hope that he pushes it over there quickly; and I hope we get this to the President’s desk for signature because we can’t mess with things that involve homeland security. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3328. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CTPAT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3551) to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the CustomsTrade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3551 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CTPAT Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
‘‘The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall consider the potential for participation in the C–TPAT program by importers of noncontainerized cargoes and nonassetbased third party logistics providers that otherwise meet the requirements under this subtitle. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona. 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3551, the CustomsTrade Partnership Against Terrorism Reauthorization Act of 2017. The CustomsTrade Partnership Against Terrorism, or C TPAT, is the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s flagship global supply chain security program. CTPAT is recognized throughout the world as the premier cargo prevetting program. My legislation reauthorizes the program for the first time in 11 years to ensure that the program is ready to meet the dynamic threats currently facing the global supply chain, and that CTPAT participants receive tangible benefits for their partnership with CBP. When a company joins CTPAT, they agree to work with CBP to protect the supply chain, identify security gaps, and implement specific security measures and best practices. In order to receive benefits such as shorter wait times and fewer inspections at ports of entry, applicants must enhance security throughout their supply chain by undergoing vetting and a site visit by CPB. While the SAFE Port Act of 2006, which established the program, set a strong foundation for the current success of CTPAT, this bill not only codifies the structure of the current program, but also makes sure CTPAT remains a true partnership between CBP and private industry. Under this bill, CBP will be required to formally liaise with industry stakeholders when implementing new or updated security criteria, and provide tangible benefits to all participants at various stages of the CBP vetting process. My legislation also reduces redundant inspections on prevetted cargo and provides CBP with a mechanism to suspend or expel participants from the program if they fail to abide by security requirements or pose a threat to national security. Furthermore, it establishes a process for CBP with congressional oversight requirements to continuously vet participants, review their security measures, and conduct site visits of their facilities to ensure compliance with and continued dedication to security measures. Reducing wait times and inspections for participants who enhance the global supply chain greatly enhances cross border trade and economic growth while reducing the workload of already overworked officers at CBP. CTPAT achieves this in a way that also strengthens our national security through rigorous initial and recurrent background checks and site visits. I am proud to sponsor the reauthorization of this highly successful program in order to expand its reach and increase its benefits to private industry. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, October 23, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing with respect to H.R. 3551, the ‘‘C–TPAT Reauthorization of 2017.’’ This bill contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. The Committee on Ways and Means will not seek a sequential referral on H.R. 3551 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the jurisdictional interests of the Committee on Ways and Means over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 3551 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3551 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, October 23, 2017. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3551, the ‘‘C–TPAT Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this very important legislation before the House of Representatives, and appreciate the willingness of the Committee on Ways and Means to forego seeking a sequential referral. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral on this bill at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee for provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3551, the CTPAT Reauthorization Act of 2017. H.R. 3551 reauthorizes, for the first time in 11 years, the CustomsTrade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, also known as CTPAT. CTPAT is a voluntary publicprivate sector partnership program where CBP works with the trade community to provide highlevel cargo security through close cooperation with the principal stakeholders of the international supply chain, such as importers, carriers, consolidators, licensed customs brokers, and manufacturers. Today, more than 11,400 certified partners spanning the gamut of the trade community have been accepted into the program. CBP prevets and certifies CTPAT partners they consider to be low risk in exchange for benefits, such as fewer examinations and access to expedited or dedicated lanes. This bill incorporates Democratic amendments, including one of my own that establishes a standard system for CTPAT partners to report suspicious activity instead of the patchwork system that exists now. Another important amendment offered by my colleague, Mr. CORREA , was adopted in committee to ensure that when CBP changes up the rules and security criteria for CTPAT, stakeholders are given adequate notice to comply. Furthermore, I would like to thank the majority for working with us to recognize that suspension and expulsion from the CTPAT program has serious economic and repudiation ramifications for companies. The majority agreed to include Democratic language supported by the Border Trade Alliance and other stakeholders that urges CBP not to publish suspended CTPAT participants, as is the current practice, until appeals and complete due process is carried out. We found some cases where companies were reinstated in the appeals process, but since they were tagged as a suspended company by CBP in the Federal Register, their business suffered. This language would prevent that from reoccurring. 
Mr. Speaker, at a time when U.S. ports, like the Port of Los Angeles in my district, are experiencing CBP staffing shortages, the CTPAT program helps the supply chain be more efficient and safe. I support the program’s reauthorization. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3551 is an important piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle and a broad range of stakeholders. CTPAT offers importers and other partners a winwin situation where they voluntarily allow CBP to prescreen them in exchange for benefits, such as shorter wait times and dedicated services. The more we know about our supply chain, the safer we will be. CTPAT is a big way we stay informed. As such, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3551, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I appreciate the bipartisan support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3551, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1700 ASIAPACIFIC ECONOMIC COOPERATION BUSINESS TRAVEL CARDS ACT OF 2017 Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 504) to permanently authorize the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 504 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona. 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? There was no objection. 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 504, the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2017. The AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation, or APEC, has been an economic catalyst for the AsiaPacific region since 1989. APEC facilitates increased trade and business cooperation among the 21 member countries in the region that promote innovation, inclusiveness, and sustainable growth. Specifically, this bill reauthorizes the APEC Business Travel Card Program. The program began as a pilot in 2011, and this bill would implement best practices found throughout the 7 year pilot program. The APEC Business Travel Card is a travel document issued to business travelers who are citizens of APECparticipating economies. Valid for 5 years, the card eliminates the need for its holders to possess a visa when visiting other APECparticipating economies as long as preclearance has been obtained through a trusted traveler application process. Our partnerships in the AsiaPacific region are more important now than ever before. The APEC Business Card champions free and open trade, promotes economic integration, enhanced border security, and facilitates a sustainable global business environment. The program also helps to enhance border integrity and security in participating economies by prechecking each applicant against watch lists of other participating economies. The program offers cost savings to travelers and moves frequent travelers who have been prescreened through the international travel process more efficiently. The APEC Card is currently set to expire on September 30, 2018. Now is the time to reauthorize this important partnership between the United States and our friends in the APEC region. I would like to thank my colleagues Miss RICEand Mr. D ONOVAN for introducing the House version of this bill, as well as Ms. HIRONO and Mr. D AINES in the Senate for their part in moving this legislation forward. I urge Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of S. 504, the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation, APEC, Business Travel Cards Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the APEC Business Travel Cards Act permanently reauthorizes the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program. This trustedtraveler program provides access to fasttrack immigration lanes in airports for travelers who conduct verified business in the APEC region. APEC is a forum for 21 Pacific Rim countries, including the U.S. and Australia, to support sustainable economic growth and prosperity in the AsiaPacific region. U.S. Customs and Border Protection started issuing cards to eligible Americans in 2014 after Congress passed the APEC Business Travel Cards Act in 2011. Today, the program facilitates travel for Americans working on behalf of 30,000 U.S. businesses. Under that law, the authority to issue these travel cards to Americans is set to expire on September 30, 2018. S. 504, the APEC Business Travel Cards Act of 2017, is supported by a diverse range of stakeholders, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the AsiaPacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce, the U.S. Council for International Business, the U.S. Travel Association, and the American Hotel and Lodging Association. On the House Homeland Security Committee, companion legislation to S. 504 was championed by Congresswoman KATHLEEN RICEof New York. With the leadership of Miss RICEand others, her bill was passed unanimously by our committee. Allowing ABT cards to expire would be a mistake that puts American businesses at a disadvantage. I urge my House colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, S. 504 is an important piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle. The ABT Card Program allows business travelers and government officials with business in APEC countries to access fasttrack processing lanes at APEC airports. The program saves an estimated 43 minutes per trip, according to U.S. Customs and Border Patrol, and operates entirely on user fees, costing taxpayers nothing. Importantly, it preserves authority for the Department of Homeland Security to revoke or suspend an individual’s card for security reasons at any time. This is a commonsense, bipartisan bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support S. 504 to ensure that the bill gets to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 504, AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2017, which is identical to bipartisan legislation I introduced in the House earlier this year along with Representatives DANDONOVAN , RICKLARSEN and D AVEREICHERT . This bill would permanently reauthorize the APEC Business Travel Card program, which provides access to fasttrack immigration lanes at airports for travelers who conduct verified business in the APEC region. The U.S. has been participating in this program and issuing cards to verified American business travelers since 2014, after Congress passed the APEC Business Travel Cards Act in 2011. Under that law, the authority to issue these travel cards to Americans is set to expire on September 30, 2018—meaning that no new cards can be issued after that date, and all cards will expire by 2021, after which Americans will no longer be able to travel throughout the region as easily as business travelers from other APEC countries. S. 504 will permanently extend that authority, while maintaining the Department of Homeland Security’s (DHS) authority to revoke or suspend an individual’s card for security reasons at any time. Mr. Speaker, this is a successful program that operates at absolutely no cost to taxpayers and makes American businesses more competitive in the global economy—including many businesses in my home state of New York, which is home to more than 2,300 cardholders. Allowing these cards to expire would be a mistake that puts American business travelers at a disadvantage, and this legislation reflects a commonsense, bipartisan commitment to reauthorize the program permanently. I’m grateful to my colleagues from both parties in the House and Senate for their efforts to help move this legislation forward, and I urge all our colleagues to give it their full support today so we can send this bill to the President’s desk. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 504, legislation to permanently authorize the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense measure to make permanent a program that has been successful since its inception in 2011. More than 30,000 Americans currently hold fasttrack cards that expedite business travel to Pacific Rim countries. The world economy is fastpaced and constantly evolving, and it’s important to reduce bureaucratic obstacles for America to remain competitive. The APEC Business Travel Card helps Americans travel faster and more efficiently throughout the AsiaPacific region, allowing them to spend more time on business, and less time in airport lines. We must ensure that our business leaders have the resources they need to compete in an increasingly globalized economy, which is why I’m proud to support the permanent extension of this program. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 504. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING EMERGENCY RESPONSE BY DETECTING INCOMING CONTRABAND WITH TECHNOLOGY ACT Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 2142) to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2142 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘International Narcotics Trafficking Emergency Response by Detecting Incoming Contraband with Technology Act’’ or the ‘‘INTERDICT Act’’. 
CARRIER .—The term ‘‘express consignment operator or carrier’’ has the meaning given that term in section 128.1 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or any similar successor regulation). 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Commissioner $9,000,000 to ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection has resources, including chemical screening devices, personnel, and scientists, available during all operational hours to prevent, detect, and interdict the unlawful importation of fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as communities across my district and across our Nation continue to deal with the crisis of opioid abuse and addiction, it is incomprehensible to imagine a synthetic drug up to 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine. Fentanyl is a manufactured opioid which, in its illicit versions, has contributed to tens of thousands of deaths. This fact is especially concerning, given that this drug can be ordered online and delivered via mail or express consignment couriers from places like China. Fentanyl is highly potent in trace amounts, and this problem is exacerbated due to fentanyl being extremely difficult for our authorities to detect. That is why Congresswoman TSONGAS  and I introduced the INTERDICT Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation that provides U.S. Customs and Border Protection access to the most effective chemical screening devices and scientific support to detect and intercept synthetic opioids before they can cause more harm. Mr. Speaker, the INTERDICT Act will ensure that CBP will have additional portable chemical screening devices available at ports of entry and mail and express consignment facilities, along with additional fixed chemical screening devices available in CBP laboratories. It also provides CBP with sufficient resources, personnel, and facilities, including scientists available at all hours, to interpret screening test results from the field and authorizes, based upon professional expertise, the appropriation of $9 million for hundreds of new screening devices, laboratory equipment, facilities, and personnel for support during all operational hours. Combined, the additional chemical screening devices, scientists, and other resources will help safeguard CBP field personnel from exposure to fentanyl and other deadly synthetic opioids and narcotics and prevent their unlawful importation. As an EMT and former Federal drug prosecutor, I have seen firsthand the devastating impact of addiction in our communities and understand the increased danger added by synthetic opioids like fentanyl. Illicit fentanyl being trafficked into the United States poses a continued threat to the American people. By passing this legislation, this body can follow through on its promise to the American people and align our policy with the President’s Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis, which has prioritized regulating the flow of fentanyl in its interim report. I urge all of my bipartisan Members of this House to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2142, the INTERDICT Act of 2017. H.R. 2142, the International Narcotics Trafficking Emergency Response by Detecting Incoming Contraband with Technology Act, or the INTERDICT Act, is an important piece of legislation in our ongoing fight to stop the flow of illicit opioids like fentanyl from places like China and Mexico. According to the CDC, the death rate from synthetic opioids, which includes drugs such as tramadol and fentanyl, increased by 72.2 percent from 2014 to 2015. In 2016, CBP seized nearly 200 pounds of fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, primarily from along the southwest border. This is 25fold increase over seizures from the previous year. The INTERDICT Act before us today ensures that CBP will have the necessary tools to better combat the flow of these opioids. More specifically, this bill provides CBP hightech chemical screening devices to help detect and interdict fentanyl and other illicit synthetic opioids. Additionally, the bill provides for the laboratory equipment, facilities, and personnel for support during all operational hours. This bill was passed by our committee unanimously, and I commend the sponsors of this bill, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), for their leadership on this issue. I urge my colleagues to supports this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2142, the INTERDICT Act, legislation I was pleased to introduce with Congressman FITZPATRICK . Whenever I meet with local public safety officials in my district, they explain the urgent need for resources and support to combat drugs like fentanyl, which can be up to 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine. In Massachusetts, the proportion of overdose deaths attributed to fentanyl is rising at a meteoric rate. At its lowest, in the third quarter of 2014, 
fentanyl was present in 18 percent of opioidrelated deaths in Massachusetts; but by 2016, fentanyl was present in a staggering 69 percent of the State’s opioidrelated deaths, resulting in 1,400 fentanylrelated deaths in the Commonwealth, a staggering number. Although pharmaceutical fentanyl can be misused, most fentanyl deaths are linked to illicitly manufactured fentanyl and illicit versions of chemically similar compounds. The primary source of fentanyl is outside of the United States, in Mexico or China. The drug is smuggled in across the U.S. border or delivered via mail or express consignment couriers. The INTERDICT Act will provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with the latest in chemical screening devices to deploy across the United States to better detect and intercept fentanyl and other synthetic opioids. Furthermore, this legislation will ensure that Customs and Border Protection has the resources, personnel, and facilities—including scientists available during all operational hours—to interpret screening test results from the field. These hightech devices will also protect law enforcement officers and their fourlegged counterparts on the front lines from exposure to the deadly narcotic, which is so powerful that coming into contact with just a few grains can be fatal. I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee for their support, and I also want to thank Mr. FITZPATRICK for his partnership on this legislation, as well as our colleagues in the Senate, Senators MARKEY , RUBIO, BROWN , and C APITO , for their bipartisan work on the Senate counterpart legislation. b1715 The Federal Government must do its part to ensure our first responders have the tools they need in this greatest of public health fights. The INTERDICT Act provides important and powerful resources in this endeavor, and I urge its adoption. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. If the gentlewoman from California has no other speakers, I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2142 is an important piece of legislation that has strong bipartisan support. Passage of this bill will go a long way in our fight against opiates. As such, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 2142. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2142, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2142, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENA COMPLIANCE AND ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4010) to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States and title 28, United States Code, to enhance compliance with requests for information pursuant to legislative power under Article I of the Constitution, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4010 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congressional Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act of 2017’’. 
Nothing in this Act shall be interpreted to diminish Congress’ inherent authority or previously established methods and practices for enforcing compliance with congressional subpoenas, nor shall anything in this Act be interpreted to establish Congress’ acceptance of any asserted privilege or other legal basis for noncompliance with a congressional subpoena. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4010, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill comes to you, having been unanimously voted on a recorded vote out of committee, but it has been a long time in coming and it has a long history of its need. Both under Chairman CONYERS , during the last years of the Bush administration, and under my chairmanship on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, we discovered a flaw in Congress’ subpoena power. Congress has, and has always had, and has been supported all the way by the Supreme Court, the need to do oversight. With that, we issued subpoenas. The enforcement of those subpoenas has come into conflict over the last several years, both during Mr. CONYERS ’ chairmanship when he subpoenaed Harriet Miers to appear, and during my time when I subpoenaed records by the Department of Justice. In both cases, the administrations decided that it was appropriate to question the standing and to delay. Those delays were unfair to the body and unfair to the American people because it denied them in any reasonable period of time the effect of factfinding. This is not a partisan issue. It is, in fact, an issue that has already been decided for the American people. Under the Freedom of Information Act, if you do not receive documents within a reasonable period of time, you have the right to go to court. You have standing as a private citizen or an interest group, and the court will decide what documents are appropriate for you to receive. Yet this very question that was not once, but twice, defended by two different administrations of two different parties calls into question the ability in a timely fashion for Congress, the House or the Senate, to receive the information or the appearance of a witness it needs. We do not seek any new power under this legislation. We only seek an expeditious review by a Federal judge of a claim, either for the appearance of an individual or for documents appropriate to our oversight. For that reason, I am pleased that both Republicans and Democrats within the committee saw fit to unanimously support this legislation. We believe that it is measured and it is also time. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4010, the Congressional Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act of 2017. My support of this legislation is tied to my view of our committee’s responsibility to conduct oversight of the executive branch. Nearly a century ago in McGrain v. Daugherty, the United States Supreme Court framed that responsibility this way: ‘‘A legislative body cannot legislate wisely or effectively in the absence of information respecting the conditions which the legislation is intended to affect or change; and where the legislative body does not itself possess the requisite information—which not infrequently is true—recourse must be had to others who possess it.’’ In other words, it is our responsibility to ask for the information we require to do our jobs effectively, and the Constitution empowers us to enforce those requests if we are at first denied. We should be very clear on this point. Congress does not require a statute in order to enforce its subpoenas in Federal court. We know this, of course, because in 2008, the House Judiciary Committee went to court to defend that authority. Ruling in favor of the committee, the court held that the Bush administration’s claim of absolute immunity from our process ‘‘is entirely unsupported by existing case law.’’ In effect, both government officials and private individuals have a legal obligation to comply with the duly issued congressional subpoena whether or not the bill before us today is enacted into law, still this legislation is useful as a means to codify certain practices and to expedite enforcement of subpoenas in Federal court. It also puts the House on equal footing with the Senate, which has had a statute in place since 1978, allowing that body to enforce at least some of its subpoenas in Federal court. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for working with us to make sure that we strike the right balance. This bill both protects our existing authority and mitigates many concerns about abusive subpoena power by a runaway committee. I also want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) for his leadership on this issue. We often disagree about the issues we should prioritize for oversight, but I suspect that we stand together on the importance of oversight, both to our committee and to the Congress as a whole. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues support the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to further echo the gentleman from New York’s comments. Mr. NADLER is right. We will often, almost unanimously, find a way to disagree on what to look into at various times as a body. But whether it is a Democratic chairman or Republican chairman looking into something, whether it is a Republican administration or a Democratic administration, it is clear that we must, in fact, if a subpoena is issued, be able to enforce it in a timely fashion. Under this legislation, it has a number of safeguards, but the most important one is the threejudge panel that will review these, followed by an expedited process at the U.S. Supreme Court. I might note, the interesting history of the two cases Mr. NADLER and I are talking about is one in which a Democratic chairman enforced a subpoena, but had to go to a recently appointed Republican judge, who, in a fairly reasonable period of time, reached the conclusion that: one, the committee had standing, and the House had standing and; two, that it was really without merit for the administration—then the Bush administration—to claim this immunity, this newfound immunity. Similarly, in a slightly longer period of time, but coincidentally, a Republican chairman went before a freshly minted appointee of the very President who was refusing to comply, and she reached the decision that the documents were unfairly withheld and ordered them released. So I think the interesting thing to all of us is the independence of the judiciary has worked not once but twice. We only want to codify it in a way that would cause the judiciary to have that opportunity in a timely fashion, and for the people’s right to know to be recognized in that same expeditious fashion. As Mr. NADLER said, the Senate has, for a long time, had a portion of what we are doing here today. It is an oddity that two coequals have not had the same ability during those many years since the late 1970s. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to share one last thought before closing. In our markup of this bill, the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) had this to say about a recent experience in the Intelligence Committee: ‘‘We had interviewed a witness just 2 weeks ago with respect to our Russia interference investigation. . . . ‘‘After the interview, he gave a public statement . . . and said that he had withheld information from the committee because he was not under subpoena. ‘‘And he also stated that he felt like he had certain privileges to assert that allowed him to withhold this information. ‘‘And so I saw right there . . . that even under a subpoena, individuals believe’’—some individuals believe— ‘‘that without necessarily having a judicial or legal basis for privilege that they could just assert it. ‘‘And I believe that is because the public is starting to perceive that our subpoena power does not have the weight that it should.’’ Wherever the Intelligence Committee’s investigation lands, Mr. Speaker, we have a great deal of work to do. Given some of our current challenges, it is more important than ever for the House to conduct substantive oversight of the executive branch. This bill contributes to that effort, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge the House to pass this bill, move it to the Senate in a timely fashion, and create an equal standing between the House and the Senate as to enforcement of its subpoenas. I join with my colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ), in the frustration that individuals often feel that they have privileges in a vague sense that are not to be asserted, but simply not to occur. In the last administration, we have even had individuals claim that they basically lied as little as they needed to, to protect some question of a classified nature. These kinds of claims, in addition to the law enforcement sensitive, confidential, and other security clearance claims, which are not codified in statute, yet often are the reason for delay or outright refusal to deliver documents, flies in the face of the ability—sometimes behind closed doors, sometimes in public—for Congress’ ability to conduct oversight. I look forward to this legislation becoming law, and I think I will close with just one more item. Mr. NADLER and I have served together as chairman and ranking member for a number of years. We share something which is the many years that we have been here in Congress, we have seen the frustration of both parties trying to do their job against another branch that often takes advantage of the natural rivalry between two different parties. This legislation is designed to reduce that, to reduce the ability for the executive branch or other outside groups to, if you will, take advantage of the natural division between the two of us. After so many years of being here, the one thing I have learned is that to diminish the House’s and the Senate’s ability to represent the American people is to diminish our Republic. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, although the power of Congress to investigate is not set forth in any particular clause in the Constitution, congressional investigations trace their roots back to the earliest days of our Republic. In fact, what is thought to be the first congressional investigation occurred in 1792, when the House appointed a select committee to investigate the massacre of American troops under the command of Major General Arthur St. Clair. The resolution authorizing that investigation stated that the committee shall ‘‘be empowered to call for such persons, papers, and records, as may be necessary to assist their inquiries.’’ Upon learning of the investigation, President Washington assembled his cabinet to seek their counsel. His cabinet, which included Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton, unanimously concluded that the House had every right to conduct its inquiry and request papers from the President. President Washington directed that the relevant papers be provided to the House and the War and Treasury Departments provided voluminous records to the committee. Unfortunately, not all congressional investigations are met with the cooperation the first investigation received. Rather, sometimes Congress and its committees must rely on another inherent power derived from the Constitution to investigate effectively—the congressional subpoena power. As the Supreme Court has observed, although ‘‘there is no [constitutional] provision expressly investing either house with the power to make investigations and exact testimony . . . the power of inquiry—with process to enforce it—is an essential and appropriate auxiliary to the legislative function. . . . Experience has taught that mere requests for information often are unavailing . . . so some means of compulsion are essential to obtain what is needed.’’ That means of compulsion is often a subpoena issued by a congressional committee backstopped by a civil action filed in federal district court. In recent years, the House and its committees have pursued two such civil actions, including one filed by this Committee, to enforce compliance with congressional subpoenas. The legislation we are considering today, the Congressional Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act, codifies and strengthens the existing civil enforcement mechanisms thereby reinforcing the powers granted Congress in Article I of the Constitution. This legislation creates a statutory framework for compliance with and enforcement of congressional subpoenas through a few targeted changes to federal law. First, the bill puts in place a statutory requirement that recipients comply with congressional subpoenas. Second, the bill statutorily requires subpoena recipients to provide a congressional committee with a privilege log if they assert a legal privilege as a reason for withholding subpoenaed materials. Finally, the bill provides that congressional subpoena enforcement cases are to receive expedited review in the federal courts and that a congressional committee may request that a subpoena enforcement case be heard by a three judge panel of the district court, with direct appeal to the Supreme Court. While it is true that some of what is addressed by the bill is currently covered through negotiation with subpoena recipients and is recognized in the precedents of courts in the D.C. Circuit, the current statutory requirements related to compliance with and enforcement of a committee subpoena are limited. Indeed, the existing civil subpoena enforcement statute only covers the Senate and does not apply to Senate subpoenas issued to the Executive Branch. It is time that we put in place a statutorily created, expedited civil enforcement mechanism for congressional subpoenas. Relying on the existing framework to enforce congressional subpoenas has proved to be an inadequate means of protecting congressional prerogatives. I thank Mr. ISSAfor introducing this legislation and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. This bill is a necessary step to strengthen Congress’s ability to exercise its Article I legislative powers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4010, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with the Wisconsin delegation, to honor the former Congressman, Jerry Kleczka, my predecessor, who passed away on October 8, 2017, at the age of 73. He was a very serious, hardworking legislator who served on the Ways and Means Committee. He had a strong work ethic. He was a particularly fantastic steward of our seniors, and he was proud to serve the people of Wisconsin’s Fourth Congressional District. I am pleased to stand here with my colleagues from the Wisconsin delegation to honor his service to our Nation, to the State of Wisconsin, and to the Fourth Congressional District, and I ask our colleagues to join us in a moment of silence. HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN HERO, SERGEANT LA DAVID TERRENCE JOHNSON (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with my deepest sympathy that I rise today to recognize the tragic loss of Sergeant La David Terrence Johnson, one of four brave U.S. Special Forces soldiers—and you see them here listed—killed during an ambush in Niger on October 4 as a result of enemy fire. Sergeant Johnson was a proud south Floridian, a decorated soldier, having been awarded several honors, and well loved throughout our community. Sergeant Johnson was a loving husband to his wife, Myeshia, and a devoted father to their wonderful children, Ah’Leeysa Jones and La David Johnson, Jr. He leaves behind a baby girl due in January. Sergeant Johnson will always be remembered as a loyal family man, a dedicated soldier who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. I offer my deepest sympathy to Sergeant Johnson’s mourning family, friends, and loved ones. Godspeed to Sergeant La David Terrence Johnson. f 
THANKING GOOD KARMA ANIMAL RESCUE (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Good Karma Animal Rescue of Minnesota in Maple Grove and their animal efforts in southern Texas after Hurricane Harvey. After Harvey made landfall at the end of August, Good Karma Animal Rescue made two separate rescue attempts within a 2week period south of Houston to the communities of Victoria and Rockport, Texas. Good Karma Animal Rescue, led by Lisa Booth, rescued over 50 animals— ranging in all shapes, sizes, and ages— and brought them back to Minnesota to be treated for various ailments and prepare them for adoption by Minnesota families. Mr. Speaker, the Twin Cities community loves rescue animals, and I want to thank Good Karma Animal Rescue for their work to find homes for these pets that were left behind in the recent tragic storms. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF GARRETT PAIZ (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of a local hero, Garrett Paiz, a Mecca native and firefighter, killed in the line of duty while fighting fires in northern California on October 16 at the age of 38. I grew up with Garrett’s family. Garrett embodied the best values of service and sacrifice. He put others above self, willing to rush toward danger when others ran from it. He traveled to northern California with firefighters from around the country to battle the deadly fires threatening so many homes and families. Being a firefighter was his lifelong dream. He was humble, hardworking, and devoted to his family, and he was always smiling and laughing. Garrett had an adventurous nature and kind heart. He was always willing to do whatever was needed to take care of others. I join my wife, Monica, and the entire 36th Congressional District to mourn this heartbreaking loss and honor Garrett’s legacy. To his wife, Bobbie; daughter, Terri Ann; parents, Judi and Armando; brother, Carlos; and sister, Cinthia; and the rest of the extended Paiz family, we support you, and we honor Garrett’s dedication to selfless service. His life and sacrifice will never be forgotten. 
EAGLE SCOUT COMMUNITY SERVICE PROJECT OF THE YEAR (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Boy Scouts of America Leatherstocking Council. For more than 100 years the Boy Scouts of 
America have molded young boys into men of character, compassion, and commitment. Last week, I had the honor of attending their annual leadership dinner, where four of our local Eagle Scouts— Nathaniel Degear of DeRuyter, Devyn Guy of Middleburgh, Paul White of Clinton, and Gannon Frisbee of Downsville—were honored as finalists for the Eagle Project of the Year. The four finalists represented more than 120 new Eagle Scouts, who gave over 2,500 hours in service to our community. It was an honor to finally present Gannon Frisbee with the Eagle Scout Community Service Project of the Year Award. Gannon began his project intending to upgrade lighting and wall decor at a local American Legion. Soon after beginning his project, Gannon realized the building’s structural integrity was at risk. Gannon worked tirelessly to repair the walls and the floor of the American Legion. His project was critical in ensuring that the American Legion was able to return to normal operations. These young men offer us a glimpse into the Boy Scouts’ outstanding tradition of service and commitment to community. They are truly a testament to the strength and the potential of America’s next generation of leaders. 
GO HOUSTON ASTROS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, go Astros. In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, so many impacted, our boys of summer brought it home this weekend. In the words of David Barron: ‘‘With their season on the line, the Astros drew comfort from the familiar ground on which they stood, the sea of noise that greeted their every move, and the collective will that exemplifies the way they played and the city they represent.’’ Astros strong, Houston strong. I am so delighted to have a friendly wager with a dear friend. I don’t know for how long. I think he represents the Brooklyn—oh, the Los Angeles Dodgers. I yield to the gentleman from California, and whether he will accept this friendly wager, I offer you Texas barbecue, Congressman JIMMY GOMEZ . Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. In the spirit of good sportsmanship, I accept the gentlewoman’s wager and the barbecue that I will get to enjoy next week. The Houston Astros are an amazing team, with 101 wins, but the Dodgers are better, with 104. I know that the Astros stumbled across that finish line to make it to the World Series. I know it is going to be a hell of a game between the two teams. If we lose, I will bring some French dip sandwiches from the Louisiana institution, Philippe’s, in downtown Los Angeles. Let the best team win. Play ball. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Reclaiming my time, barbecue is good everywhere in Texas. Where there is a will, there is a way. The Astros have the will and the way. Go Astros. f 
GO LOS ANGELES DODGERS (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Los Angeles Dodgers for winning the National League Champion Series. They will appear in the World Series for the first time in 29 years. I hope they win it all. Earlier this year, I had the honor of wearing the Dodgers uniform to the Congressional Baseball Game. I am a huge fan, and we Angelinos love our Dodgers. When I was a kid, as my father battled Parkinson’s disease, we watched every game together. It was our bonding time. As we watch the game this week, may every kid enjoy our national pastime with a loved one—in person or in spirit. Go Dodgers. 
CONGRATULATING FORT LEE ON 100 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the 100th anniversary of the United States Army’s Fort Lee in Prince George County, Virginia. The fort that we know today began as Camp Lee in 1917. Camp Lee served as a training base for hundreds of thousands of our country’s bravest as they prepared for service in World Wars I and II, a tradition that has continued ever since, often in pathbreaking ways. In the late 1940s, Camp Lee became the home of the Women’s Army Corp Training Center, which established a highquality training facility for women who wished to serve their country. Mr. Speaker, Fort Lee continues to prepare men and women for their service as the home to the Combined Arms Support Command, the U.S. Army Ordnance School, the U.S. Army Quartermaster School, the U.S. Army Transportation School, and roughly 20 other organizations and units. Today and every day, we are grateful to all who have served at Fort Lee for a combined 100 years of dedication and honorable service. 
CONTINUE PROVIDING AID TO PUERTO RICO (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Friday marked 1 month since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico. According to my constituents, current conditions are as follows: more than 1 million Americans there lack access to clean water; mothers cannot make infant formula; people are getting sick from infected water; and nearly 80 percent of the island still lacks electricity. Struggles are everywhere: where there is help trickling in, there are lines, always lines; supplies simply aren’t enough; medical facilities are running on hope; there is no reliable means of communication, so people cannot even register for aid; entire communities are cut off from modern civilization; millions desperately need assistance. President Trump visited the island for as long as it takes to play a round a golf, and he went to the wealthiest part of the capital city. Last week, he granted himself a perfect score for his response to the devastation. But the Trump administration continues to fail our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, 3.4 million Americans live in Puerto Rico, and they deserve our full support. Mr. President, can’t you at least air drop fresh water packets, food provisions, and telephones? Our military can do this anywhere in the world, why not Puerto Rico? f 
RECOGNIZING THOSE WHO HELPED IN CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, California, northern California, where I am from, has been suffering, as so many people know, from devastating fires these last few weeks. I think it is very appropriate to point out the incredible efforts of our first responders and our firefighters in saving so much valuable property and the lives that have been saved, as well as citizens pulling together to help each other. We see the best in Americans during these times of crisis, and that has not gone unnoticed in northern California as well. Our hearts are with those folks who have suffered losses and more loss of life than could be imagined in modernday America with all the firefighting apparatus and prevention we have. Still, it shows you have to have preparedness; you have to have defensible space; and you have to be ready, at any given time, during this type of fire season. Again, our hats are off to our first responders and our firefighters for the amount of property and lives they have been able to save under these conditions. God bless them. 
RECOGNIZING 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF PATH (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is United Nations Day. As we reflect on the value of global partnerships to solve problems, I want to recognize the 40th anniversary of the international global health organization known as PATH, Program for Appropriate Technology and Health. PATH is headquartered in Seattle, and since its founding, it has been an incredible force for good. It is a place that I had the opportunity to work at for many years in the 1990s. PATH works in more than 70 countries, improving health for 150 million people each year. PATH has made a difference in countless lives, from stopping preventable deaths of mothers and children to keeping people safe from infectious disease outbreaks. PATH has also helped make Washington State a global center of development for lifesaving health equity, innovations, and solutions. In 2013 alone, this global health industry generated $5.8 billion in direct economic impact and employed more than 12,500 people. PATH collaborates with governments, the private sector, and NGOs to advance more than 100 health strategies and technologies. It has saved $14 million per year doing things like preventing undamaged vaccines from being discarded. Congratulations to PATH. 
b1930 TAX REFORM (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this House and its committees will discuss what is being called tax reform, what is being told to the American public is a middle class tax break. Well, I am here to tell you it is a con job. It is a tax giveaway to the wealthiest people in this country like never before at the expense of people in the middle class, lesser incomes, who will not get benefits, and if they do, it is chump change. It is the change you give somebody at a restaurant when you get your meal. Billionaires will get to get away without having to pay an estate tax, like Donald Trump—billions of dollars they will not have to pay to the government to help fund Pell grants, LIHEAP, and other programs that help people who need something. That is something they will not come off of. They may raise a little rate and say: We are going to put a little higher rate on the wealthy because it is not in there now. They may say: Give the State and local income tax exemptions back. But they are not going to go back on the estate tax because that is for the superwealthy, and that is who this bill is for. Wake up America. It is a con job. CIVIL RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to coanchor this CBC Special Order hour. Also, I want to acknowledge the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, Mr. CEDRIC RICHMOND , from the State of Louisiana, and other Members who are here to participate. For the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, the constituents that we all represent in our various districts. For this particular Special Order hour, I am going to open it up and begin to talk about something that is very important and has been widely discussed within the Congressional Black Caucus, and that is civil rights and some of the things that we are worried about that are going on within the Justice Department. We have several important Members here to speak on these. Before I go any further, I want to go ahead and recognize them. The first speaker we have is from the State of South Carolina, representing that State’s Sixth Congressional District, and also our caucus’ assistant leader. That is Mr. JIMCLYBURN . I thank Representative CLYBURN for joining and being a part of this Special Order hour to talk about this subject matter that is very important to so many members of the Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ). (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding to me. I also thank him and our colleague, Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON, for joining me at the Center for African American Studies at the University of Texas at Arlington last Thursday evening. It was a wonderful experience for me. President Vistasp Karbhari, Dr. Jason Skelton, and my longtime friend, Dr. Marvin Delaney, were perfect hosts. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, Sergeant La David T. Johnson died a hero’s death in a distant land on a mission few Americans know about or understand. This weekend, his grieving family, including his pregnant wife, took him to his final resting place in Florida. Sergeant Johnson’s tragic death leaves this young family fatherless. Mr. Speaker, in his second inaugural address, President Abraham Lincoln called on our Nation to endeavor to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan. Unfortunately, rather than comfort Sergeant Johnson’s grieving family, the current occupant of the White House has chosen to use them as his latest prop in his constant effort to sow discord and division in this country. The President and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, who happens to be a fourstar general, have insulted and smeared an honorable public servant who happens to be a fivestar Congresswoman, and, in effect, called her and her grieving widow constituent liars. Congresswoman FREDERICA S. W ILSON  has been a champion for the people of south Florida for decades. It is no mystery—and it was not political—that she was accompanying Mrs. Johnson and her family to receive her husband’s remains. She had mentored Sergeant Johnson throughout his childhood. I have participated in several of Congresswoman WILSON ’s 500 Role Models events and have spoken for one of their graduations. I also wear this red tie to this floor helping her highlight their efforts. Her passionate work on behalf of those kidnapped girls of Boko Haram is unmatched. As the husband of a fivestar African American woman for more than 56 years and the father of three African American daughters who are working hard to earn their stars every day, I feel compelled to respond to General Kelly and completely disregard his concocted misrepresentations. Mr. Speaker, we can have political differences here in Washington. That comes with the territory. But people need to have the common decency and basic humanity to refrain from exacerbating the pain of those already suffering so much. I was taught from childhood that silence gives consent. I want the White House to know this: I and the members of the Congressional Black Caucus will not be silent, and we will not be silenced. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) very much for his timely and very serious comments. I hope that all of the Members who are here on both sides of the aisle realize the seriousness of the comments. There is nothing humorous about them all, nothing to be smiling or laughing about. It is very timely in light of the unfortunate incident that happened with our colleague. I thank the gentleman very much for bringing that to light. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to my fellow Texan from the 18th Congressional District in Houston. I thank very much 
Representative S HEILA JACKSON LEEfor joining us this evening. We look forward to the gentlewoman’s words. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the manager, Mr. VEASEY , for his leadership, his sensitivities, his sensibilities, and his empathy, knowing his distinguished wife and the leadership she gives to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation. I am sure that there are many women in the gentleman’s family, and I know that he has a great honor and respect for them. It is appropriate to follow the leader, Mr. CLYBURN , who is vested in the storied history of African Americans from the East to the West, North to the South. He often diminishes his status by saying that he was raised in a parish house, but when he eloquently rises to the floor to defend, all eyes and all ears are tuned to him. Now, I want to adhere to our discussion today because it is extremely important, and to also acknowledge my colleagues. So let me hurry through my comments. I do want to acknowledge the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, CEDRIC RICHMOND . I thank the women of the caucus for their eloquent and pointed statement regarding the series of events that has occurred. Let me, first of all, say that our topic today deals with a retracing of the horrible history that was perpetrated under FBI Director Hoover for the decades that he served in that capacity. So as I label what it is, let me just for a moment deviate to what happened this weekend. I believe that the FBI personnel, through much of its history, were mostly men—fine men—who wanted to protect this Nation. But you see, Mr. Speaker, I have firsthand knowledge of the devastation of FBI surveillance way before the word ‘‘terrorism’’ became part of our normal discussion or language. So I want to put a pause there and say that in the history of African Americans, we have been subjected to namecalling. That is what happens to you when, in the Constitution, you are not a complete human being. That is what happens to you even after the Emancipation Proclamation and the shortlived Reconstruction, the Nation rushed toward the hanging fruit, Jim Crowism, and the rampant murder of African Americans in the Deep South, some of the very States in which the President stood and called young AfricanAmerican men sons of Bs. There is another namecalling. So it seems that even as we have gone through the transition of freedom and we came through the 20th century with civil rights, and then affirmative action, that namecalling seems to be the welcomed and accepted tactic to use with people of color and, in this instance, African Americans. What would be the explanation for the unseemly events that occurred around a grieving mother, aunt, uncle, and a grieving widow with beautiful children who no longer have their dad? I offer my sympathy to Sergeants Wright, Black, La David Johnson, and Jeremiah Johnson. So how their loss, through no fault of their own, in the battle for this Nation turned into an ugly namecalling, I am baffled, except for the fact that it is easy to call African Americans names. It is easy for some White Americans to call African Americans names. When we are on the floor of the House and we say things that are untoward in some segments of the population, our phones ring off the hook with the N word, N word, N word. I don’t know how many of my friends who are not people of color—I am sure we all say things that people disagree with, and I don’t know whether they call up and call them White, White, White. You see, race is something that we are fearful of discussing, and that is because the thought would be: Here she goes again. But there is a great love—my interaction, my life’s history is with the diversity of this world, from White Caucasians, Anglos in Texas, to Hispanics, African Americans, Asians, and beyond in various religious. I feel comfortable in my soul. But this weekend was the most difficult time for AfricanAmerican women who are—in the category of casting, the caste system—at the bottom of the totem pole. Even today, the likes of Harriet Tubman, Sojourner Truth, Mae Jemison, Shirley Chisholm, Barbara Jordan, doctors, lawyers, and others, we are at the bottom. So there was much latitude—uncontrolled latitude—in namecalling. Fortyfive mentioning untoward words about our colleague, Congresswoman WILSON : namecalling. Nobody—there is no retribution or reprimand. None of his constituents would give a hoot. But it was namecalling. Mr. Speaker, you don’t know how many people stop me in airports, along the road, hurt and appalled. Let me just come to a close on that. First of all, Congressman CLYBURN  has already given the attributes of Congresswoman WILSON . I do want to add that she is a principal. She is an oldfashioned principal, though she is a young woman. b1945 She loved her students. She implemented the 5000 Role Models. She took the children as family, and Sergeant David Johnson was one of those. So if people don’t understand the cultural distinctions in the AfricanAmerican community, we are aunts and uncles without bloodline. We are Godparents. We are family. Her presence in that car was not as an interloper. She didn’t break the door down. She was in there as family. She was not eavesdropping. The phone was on. As indicated by Mrs. Johnson’s interview, she asked the phone to be put on speaker. It seems that her offense in breaking down moved the Representative to articulate, probably seeking some humanity, to say: Can you just, if you hear my words, apologize? That never happened. The untruth spread all over. You see, as an African American woman, you don’t have to worry about saying the truth about us. We are various names—sons of Bs—and we have got all kinds of disturbing situations going on with names that we can be called. And that is what this White House did. My dear friend, who I knew in the Southern Command, that is what happens when you are here for just a few years. He had great leadership and loss. I was here when that happened. And I don’t want to spend a moment to diminish his status as a Gold Star parent. He has a right to mourn and to speak of his loss. But then, when you are forced to step from that humble position over to an untruth, you can do it to a Black woman. They have no power. I can talk something that doesn’t have any truth, because I have to defend—and this is said lovingly—a White man who happens to be in the Oval Office. We don’t count. We are the largest group of active, civic women in all kinds of organizations. If there is something being done—first of all, it is women overall, I love them all, but you will see the AfricanAmerican woman— she is in there scrubbing, she is in there teaching, she is in there handling the religious institutions, she is standing by babies, and she is standing by young people. She is a civil rights activist, she is a scientist, she is a doctor. She is president of various organizations. She is just in there. That is what happened that has brought me to this point that what we have now is so dangerous. I hope before the end of the week—maybe before the end of tomorrow—my good friend, General Kelly, seeks to apologize for the distortion. He didn’t have to defend a person who does it in his own way and besmirch all of the Gold Star families and this young mother who has not been able to see her son. Mr. Speaker, I know there are many of us who served in this Congress who have seen their brethren fall. They have been injured. What is it like for their family not to be able to see the body? What is it like to know that the person’s body was not found for 48 hours? I am going to get to an end for my colleagues. I just want to say this. There are those of us who know about the African Command. There are those of us who know the soldiers there. The Congressional Black Caucus was instrumental when George Bush said that an African Command needs to stand up when Charles Taylor was killing his citizens in Liberia. I know it firsthand. I have been to all those countries. I know ISIL was connected with Boko Haram. We have been trying to say it, but people have deaf ears, maybe because it is Africa. 
Now, all of a sudden we are awake. Congresswoman WILSON knew that. She has been there. We have been there. Why don’t people listen to Black women who know what they are talking about, along with our distinguished colleagues? This document that I hold in my hand, ‘‘Black Identity Extremists Likely Motivated to Target Law Enforcement Officers,’’ I have a lot to say on, but I am going to summarize. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, this is namecalling. We just got through a reckless weekend of namecalling of a distinguished Member of Congress. This is namecalling. This is the FBI defining BIEs as individuals who seek, through unlawful acts of force or violence, a response to perceived racism and injustice. But do you know what will happen, Mr. Speaker? This will be a big fishnet: the high school student who is getting his fists up; the college student who is rallying around in opposition to racism; the students down in Charlottesville who may believe they should stand up and be counted. I know this, Mr. Speaker, because, with a little bit of humor, I am young, going backwards, but I served on the Select Committee on Assassinations that investigated the assassination of Martin Luther King—the reopening of the investigation—along with John F. Kennedy. I was immersed in the files of COINTELPRO. I saw how the FBI dogged a modernday prophet, a man who only wanted peace and believed in the beloved community. Yes, he was human. When you dog someone, you can find them throwing gum on a sidewalk. Dr. Martin Luther King was subjected to the COINTEL program. It was dastardly and devastating, and may have been the basis of the loss of his life. If he was subjected to the COINTEL program, we always wondered why he couldn’t have been in another hotel. So the danger of this document that has come under Donald Trump and not under any other President—not Bill Clinton, not George Bush, not President Obama—as I understand it, but it came in August of this year, under President Trump, the same President who could find nothing distinctive between the altright and racist vileness talking about Jews and Blacks and everybody else in Charlottesville. There were good people on both sides. Now we have this document. Lo and behold, what other names of Black activists and African Americans still fighting the war of civil rights peacefully may be caught up in this large net? Again, I want to be able to say my respect for the service of FBI agents. They are friends of mine. I am on the Judiciary Committee. They are friends to all of us. We continue to salute their service. But this document is a riotous document. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I include in the R ECORD : ‘‘The History of Surveillance and the Black Community.’’ It goes into the discussion. 
[From the Electronic Frontier Foundation, February 13, 2014] THEHISTORY OF SURVEILLANCE AND THE  BLACK COMMUNITY  (By Dia Kayyali) February is Black History Month and that history is intimately linked with surveillance by the federal government in the name of ‘‘national security.’’ Indeed, the history of surveillance in the AfricanAmerican community plays an important role in the debate around spying today and in the calls for a congressional investigation into that surveillance. Days after the first NSA leaks emerged last June, EFF called for a new Church Committee. We mentioned that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was one of the targets of the very surveillance that eventually led to the formation of the first Church Committee. This Black History Month, we should remember the many AfricanAmerican activists who were targeted by intelligence agencies. Their stories serve as cautionary tales for the expanding surveillance state. The latest revelations about surveillance are only the most recent in a string of periodic public debates around domestic spying perpetrated by the NSA, FBI, and CIA. This spying has often targeted politically unpopular groups or vulnerable communities, including anarchists, antiwar activists, communists, and civil rights leaders. 60s. COINTELPRO, short for Counter Intelligence Program, was started in 1956 by the FBI and continued until 1971. The program was a systemic attempt to infiltrate, spy on, and disrupt activists in the name of ‘‘national security.’’ While it initially focused on the Communist Party, in the 1960s its focus expanded to include a wide swathe of activists, with a strong focus on the Black Panther Party and civil rights leaders such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. FBI papers show that in 1962 ‘‘the FBI started and rapidly continued to gravitate toward Dr. King.’’ This was ostensibly because the FBI believed black organizing was being influenced by communism. In 1963 FBI Assistant Director William Sullivan recommended ‘‘increased coverage of communist influence on the Negro.’’ However, the FBI’s goal in targeting Dr. King was clear: to find ‘‘avenues of approach aimed at neutralizing King as an effective Negro leader,’’ because the FBI was concerned that he might become a ‘‘messiah.’’ The FBI subjected Dr. King to a variety of tactics, including bugging his hotel rooms, photographic surveillance, and physical observation of King’s movements by FBI agents. The FBI’s actions went beyond spying on Dr. King, however. Using information gained from that surveillance, the FBI sent him anonymous letters attempting to ‘‘blackmail him into suicide.’’ The agency also attempted to break up his marriage by sending selectively edited ‘‘personal moments he shared with friends and women’’ to his wife. The FBI also specifically targeted the Black Panther Party with the intention of destroying it. They infiltrated the Party with informants and subjected members to repeated interviews. Agents sent anonymous letters encouraging violence between street gangs and the Panthers in various cities, which resulted in ‘‘the killings of four BPP members and numerous beatings and shootings,’’ as well as letters sowing internal dissension in the Panther Party. The agency also worked with police departments to Department that aided in a raid on BPP leader Fred Hampton’s apartment. The raid ended with the Chicago Police shooting Hampton dead. The FBI was not alone in targeting civil rights leaders. The NSA also engaged in domestic spying that included Dr. King. In an eerily prescient statement, Senator Walter Mondale said he was concerned that the NSA ‘‘could be used by President ‘A’ in the future to spy upon the American people, to chill and interrupt political dissent.’’ The Church Committee was created in response to these and other public scandals, and was charged with getting to the bottom of the government’s surveillance overreach. In response to its findings, Congress passed new laws to provide privacy safeguards, including the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. But ever since these safeguards were put in place, the intelligence community has tried to weaken or operate around them. The NSA revelations show the urgent need to reform the laws governing surveillance and to rein in the intelligence community. Today we’re responding to those domestic surveillance abuses by an unrestrained intelligence branch. The overreach we’ve seen in the past underscores the need for reform. Especially during Black History Month, let’s not forget the speechstifling history of US government spying that has targeted communities of color. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. It says: ‘‘We mentioned that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was one of the targets of the very surveillance that eventually led to the formation of the first Church Committee. This Black History Month, we should remember the many African American activists who were targeted by intelligence agencies. Their stories serve as cautionary tales for the expanding surveillance state.’’ Where are the conservatives to stand up against this document? We can be safe, we can have the First Amendment, and we speak our different issues, but now we are going to entrap African Americans—young men who are kneeling because of their concern for police reform and violence that has taken the lives of AfricanAmerican young men. There are so many law enforcement officers who agree with me on the idea of police reform to help all of us work together. We are not divided, but we will stay divided with a document that is going to label us. Where is the document for the alt right, the religious right, the White supremacists? Where is that? When are we going to understand that the calling of names—in our community, we call it calling me out of my name—by the majority community is a carryover from slavery and Jim Crow. I am saddened by the last couple of days of steering away from the mourning of those wonderful heroes who reflected the greatness of America. They reflected what young men and women do who are willing to sacrifice their lives. They go without a recognition of what color their fellow soldier is. We honor them with no distinction. That is what the last couple of days should have been about, as well as the loving care of that widow and the families of the other young men. Yet, in the 
spirit of the FBI COINTEL program, that may be the downfall, again, of those of us trying to heal and not reflecting on how the best way to deal with those who would do us harm violently, of which I stand against, we are now in the midst of namecalling. I go to my seat mourning. When is America going to change? On August 3, 2017, the FBI released their new ‘‘Intelligence Assessment’’ report entitled: Black Identity Extremists (BIE) Likely Motivated to Target Law Enforcement Officers’’. The FBI defines BIE as individuals who seek, through unlawful acts of force or violence, a response to ‘‘perceived’’ racism and injustice in American society. The FBI also indicates, there is a desire for black physical or psychological separation based on religious or political beliefs grounded in racial superiority or supremacy. Blacks fought for America long before it was a country, prerevolutionary period, where during the first 100 years of conflict we stepped up; and will continue, for equality and justice. Blacks led civil rights movement winning double victories in both World War II and the Jim Crow era, forcing our then President Truman, to announced that ‘‘there are no justifiable reasons for discrimination because of one’s ancestry, or religion, or race, or color of his skin.’’ Today, Trump’s FBI believes that the African American community’s reality is a mere perception as it relates to the racism and injustice that plague our communities. Why? The FBI has consistently relied upon a flawed system to determine the number of people killed by officers. This flawed system is shaped by ‘‘voluntary law enforcement compliance’’—in other words, police departments need not report this stat. ‘‘The Counted’’ launched by the Guardian, is a publicservice project tallying deaths of unarmed persons by law enforcement. They reached a tally of 1,068 at the start of 2015. Former FBI Director Comey said, this was embarrassing and unacceptable that a Guardian U.S. investigative unit had a better tally than his agency’s near 35,000 employees. There is no reliable mechanism to accurately depict the true dimensions of an epidemic of lethal violence, force, and shootings committed by police across this country on unarmed civilians. The reality is Sandra Bland died while in the custody of law enforcement; Michael Brown was gunned down in the street by law enforcement; Eric Garner died from a chokehold at the hands of law enforcement; Freddie Gray died while being transported in the custody of law enforcement; Tamir Rice was shot dead by a law enforcement officer previously deemed an emotionally unstable recruit and unfit for duty; and Laquan McDonald shot in the back and killed by law enforcement officers. These are just a few of the innocent lives robbed and thus, gone too soon. These are the realities not perceptions that young activists in their own modern ways represent, whether it’s marching, protesting with passion, or even taking a knee. They are protesting unapologetically with great passion and hunger for justice, but nonetheless, peacefully. They are not killing others who do not agree with them; nor are they inflicting violence due to religion, nationality and race. Therefore, it is highly insensitive, offensive and blatantly discriminative and unconstitutional to mount a counter intelligence program, now COINTELPRO 2.0, to once again, aggressively target a race that merely seeks justice and equality it is entitled under our Constitution. According to sources close to the FBI, the term ‘‘Black Identity Extremists’’ did not exist before the Trump administration. The FBI named BIE, a major threat to national security and public safety, thereby, criminalizing black activism. The newly coined term, black identity extremists (BIE) is such a vague terminology that it invites alarming abuse of a specific race’s constitutional rights based solely on an Administration’s disturbed and visceral approach to race relations. Under FBI Director Edgar Hoover’s leadership, the Counter Intelligence Program (COINTELPRO), a covert, often illegal, campaign was mounted to break up the civil rights movement and ‘‘neutralize’’ activists they perceived as threatening. COINTELPRO was used to surveil and discredit civil rights activists, members of the Black Panther Party and any major advocates for the rights of black people in our nation’s history. COINTELPRO allowed the FBI to falsify letters in an effort to blackmail Martin Luther King Jr. into silence. This was such a disgraceful period in our nation’s history that our recent FBI Director, James Comey, kept a copy of a 1963 order authorizing Hoover to conduct roundtheclock surveillance of Martin Luther King Jr. on his desk as a reminder of Hoover’s abuses. The FBI’s dedicated surveillance of black activists follows a long history of the U.S. government aggressively monitoring protest movements and working to disrupt civil rights groups, but the scrutiny of African Americans by a domestic terrorism unit was particularly alarming to some free speech campaigners. This administration continues the same vile tactics used in welldocumented stories of civil rights leaders who were profiled, targeted and killed for insisting that black people receive equitable treatment under the law in a country whose Constitution guarantees it. Today the FBI continues its once intrusive, abhorrent and illegal targeting of black activists by labeling the Black Lives Matter movement as BIE. We know that the Department of Homeland Security has been surveilling Black Lives Matter activists since 2014, but there’s no way to know what’s next. With this recent report, the FBI has legitimized the idea that black activism is a threat and should be treated accordingly, with violent force. Despite Charlottesville and all the other harms inflicted by emboldened white nationalists, the FBI has instead, chosen to target a group of American citizens whom merely decry the injustice seen and felt throughout their communities. Despite numerous unarmed black individuals, particularly, young black men that are disproportionately the victims of police shootings, the FBI would like us to believe this is not a reality. Instead, the FBI’s report claims there is a danger in black activism by asserting that violence inflicted on black people at the hands of police is ‘‘perceived’’ or ‘‘alleged,’’ not real. This month the Congressional Black Caucus has written to the FBI Director, Christopher Wray, to express our concern over the recent ‘‘Intelligence Assessment’’ report. We have requested a briefing on both the origins of its research and the FBI’s next intended step based on its findings. No response as of date. We should be allowed to exercise our constitutional and fundamental rights of free speech. We should not be restricted and criminalized when we demand that those we elect to office exercise justice and fairness. This FBI report will further inflame an already damaged police/community relation under the leadership of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Sessions has dismantled all the safeguards installed under Attorney General Holder’s leadership, thus, returning our justice system to the broken system under Ashcroft. Session has unleashed a merciless approach to ‘‘all’’ crimes including low level drug related cases, and demands that his attorneys prosecute every case to the fullest extent of the law. In doing so, Session has taken away any prosecutorial discretion once available to prosecutors throughout our justice system under U.S. law. The FBI in this Trump Administration has returned to the era of Director Edgar Hoover, in their unleashing of this damaging, discriminative, and unconstitutional COINTELPRO 2.0. With these lethal forms of attacks on the African American community from both the DOJ and the FBI, where is justice? Mr. VEASEY. I thank my colleague from the 18th Congressional District for her comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), my friend and classmate who represents the 10th Congressional District. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Lone Star State, my classmate, Congressman VEASEY , for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that we find ourselves in this position where the lines are being so blurred that Gold Star families have come into this political discussion and are being dragged into this, unwillingly, over the past several days. I have great respect for General Kelly and was very delighted to see him get the job as Chief of Staff so that he could maybe bring some semblance of calm and normalcy to the White House, but it seems like he has been infected by the disease that is the scourge in the White House. There is no reason for him to fabricate what one of our colleagues said. The videotape is there. She never did one thing that General Kelly said she did on that fateful day in the dedication to that FBI building. I don’t understand what is going on with people these days, but these are the times we find ourselves in. Mr. Speaker, as much as we would like to live in a colorblind society, in an America where people should be judged by the content of their character and not the color of their skin, 
we aren’t there yet. Race, unfortunately, still matters. Juries devalue Black lives by punishing offenders more harshly when their victims are White than when their victims are Black. Police are more likely to use force when interacting with Black people than when interacting with White people. Emergency room doctors are less likely to prescribe pain medication to Black patients than to Whites. Results from psychological studies of racial bias have shown that nearly 90 percent of the White people in the United States who have taken the implicitassociation test have an inherent racial preference for White people over Black people. Oh, yes, race matters in America, and we have got to talk about it. It should not take a crisis for the United States to discuss race and the effects of stereotypes that are baked into our national cultural. We should not have to wait for a police officer to shoot an unarmed Black man before we discuss how negative stereotypes about Black people affect snap judgments. b2000 It should not take mass murder in a Bible study to get us talking about how negative stereotypes of Black people in social media help White supremacists rationalize their racism. Back in 1997, Professor Jody David Armour warned us that bad actors would try to make racism seem reasonable. Professor Armour wrote a book called ‘‘Negrophobia.’’ In it, he predicted that ‘‘perhaps the gravest threat today to progress toward racial justice comes from the rightwing ideologues bent on convincing White people of good faith that negative stereotypes about Blacks are justified.’’ Professor Armour told us to look out for people trying ‘‘to prove that Blacks are inherently less intelligent and more violent than Whites.’’ And he explained that these people would try to make racism seem rational by using discredited studies, unscientific experiments, and cooked statistics. What have we seen on our social media over the past few years? We have seen that negrophobia is alive and well in the United States, and social media is its enabler. People like the President have used social media to spread cooked statistics and outright lies to rationalize the racist stereotypes that Black people are inherently violent. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will suspend. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. The gentleman may proceed. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, countries like Russia have used social media to fuel racial tensions in America’s communities, and White supremacists have used social media to organize their hate. We must not be afraid to ask: What role has Facebook played in fueling negrophobia in America? Facebook was born in an age of diversity, but it was not born with a commitment to diversity. Only 3 in every 100 Facebook employees are African American. The company has no Black executives, and it has no Black board members. The company’s global director of diversity has said that hiring women and people of color is complicated. Its chief executive officer, Sheryl Sandberg, has promised that Facebook would hire a Black board member sometime soon. Why has it taken so long? Why have minority voices been left out of the essential media development? Has Facebook’s failure to value minority voices inside the company made Facebook an online megaphone for racist voices outside the company? Facebook’s algorithms have the power to affect the way Americans think about Black people, for better or worse. When Facebook accepts money from foreign actors who want to exploit racial tensions in the United States, Facebook perpetuates negrophobia. By the same token, Facebook’s algorithms could weaken negrophobia by enhancing positive messages that challenge people to reexamine and resist discriminatory responses, but that will require Facebook to fully commit to diversity right now, not sometime in the future. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus met with Facebook a week ago in terms of these negative ads that were found out to be bought by Russian actors and spending $100,000 in doing so, and buying fake ‘‘Black Lives Matter’’ responses and ads and ‘‘antiBlack Lives Matter’’ ads to continue to fuel this division in our country. If countries are able to see a weakness in our fabric in this Nation, then they will exploit it. We have to come together as Americans and understand that our issues are something that we have to deal with and look each other in the face and have an honest discussion about. No one is perfect. No one is saying that one side is worse than the other, but we need to come together as a unit, as this great experiment called the United States was meant to be, that all men are created equal and endowed with certain inalienable rights—all Americans, not just some—and we continue to strive towards that goal, towards that utopia in this country. This is the greatest country in the world, and we all know it here because we benefit from it, but we have a long way to go in terms of reaching the ultimate goal. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Newark, New Jersey, for his comments, and also to talk about the fact that I am glad that he mentioned Facebook, because one of the things that really surprised me was the fact that some of those ads were purchased in rubles, and no one seemed to notice that, seems absolutely amazing to me. And we need to, again, just continue to have this discussion and talk about these things, so I thank the gentleman very much for his comments tonight. I yield to my friend and colleague from the great State of Michigan, representing the State’s 14th Congressional District, BRENDA LAWRENCE . Again, I want to thank BRENDA for participating. She participates often in this hour, and I just really appreciate her comments. Her district appreciates the comments, her State, and our country, and I appreciate her joining us this evening. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman VEASEY  for his leadership and for his dedication. Today, I am at this mike for a number of reasons. One is that we have witnessed, over the weekend, another time in history that will be written for many to read, for generations to try to understand what exactly happened. Most of us are raised that, in a time of grieving and mourning, you are sympathetic, you are patient, and, most of all, you try to be understanding. I am at a loss in trying to understand how the dialogue was reduced to name calling and then just unfactual information. But what I had hoped and what I feel that, as an American, as a Member of Congress, as a citizen, if someone gets it wrong, that at least I deserve, ‘‘I’m sorry, I didn’t get the information right,’’ or maybe ‘‘I spoke out of turn.’’ And when you are grieving the loss of someone you love dearly, someone who was serving this country, someone who, as the family of a military service person, gave the sacrifice as well for them to represent our country. I would hope—I was hopeful that that would happen, but it did not. There comes a point in time, Mr. Speaker, as American citizens, that we begin to stand up and say, as our country, there is an expectation. There is an expectation for those we elect, there is an expectation for those in leadership, and truly, there is an expectation of civility and, at minimum, truth. As we know, the FBI has had a long, troubling history of using its broad investigatory powers to target Black citizens. It is not a myth. It is a fact. It has been written. During the 1960s, Director Hoover used the counterintelligence program to surveil and discredit civil rights activists, members of the Black Panther Party. For an example, the FBI falsified a letter in an attempt to blackmail the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King into silence. So the Congressional Black Caucus is concerned by the assertion that coins a new term, ‘‘Black identity extremists,’’ and claims, with high confidence, that they are likely to target law enforcement based on perceptions of police brutality against African Americans. 
In August, the FBI Counterterrorism Division issued a chilling and outlandish warning to its agents, all hidden behind the veil of an internal report never meant to be seen by the American people. It worries me because, in 2017, such a misguided and hateful and dangerous report exists at all. Released just 9 days before the hateful violence in Charlottesville, this report targets socalled Black identity extremists by falsely linking peaceful and necessary calls for justice from Americans, from the AfricanAmerican community, to entirely unrelated acts of violence against law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I served as a mayor of a diverse city for 14 years and had the responsibility of an entire police force for a city. I have such respect and honor for those who serve us. I understand how, when there is trouble, the police run to that trouble to protect us, but I also know that the power that is held on the shield of a police force can be used for other than protection of their people. And that in this great country that we live in, time and time again in history, some people will use the comment: Don’t be so sensitive about everything that happened. But history has shown us, every change that we have made in this country of freedoms and rights have come from people who had the courage, the political courage, to stand up and fight for that. Is that extremism? Will you say the right to vote were Black extremists? Would you say that the women who protest and march so that women could have the right to vote, were they extremists? Or were they Americans who believed in this country and had the courage to stand up not just for them but for generations to come? Our Social Security, when we looked at—and we looked at hunger in this country, and people repeatedly have shown, of all ethnic groups, that nothing in America happens without protests and the courage to stand up. Are they extremists, or they part of this amazing democracy that we have? And the threat of being labeled by our FBI so you have permission to now treat these individuals, who have the courage to stand up, as unlawful villains and terrorists, and you have the permission now by the FBI to attack and to imprison them. We must, as a Congress and a country, learn to understand the power of our words, and I am going to close with this. Your words mean something. If this administration has taught us anything, the words of those who are elected to leadership do matter, whether it is the truth or whether it is a lie. It matters. It fuels anger and hatred in people. It tells people that it is okay to disrespect others. Words mean something. And for me to be a Black woman in America and be labeled, if I stand up and fight for my rights, if I stand with others, if Black Lives Matter has not just been Black people standing up—it has been all members of the United States, citizens saying that all lives matter and that we will not tolerate criminal injustice against Black people and the murder rate that we see of those who are of color. b2015 This has been a movement in our country, and now we see this internal labeling by our law enforcement in our country. Does that cause me to feel afraid in my own country? Does that give me the fear that history is going to repeat itself because words have given permission for this to happen when you legitimize people whose only purpose to stand and be in a position in your community is to say that you have no value less than me and we hate you? But do you know what? There are some very fine people there. Being a Black person in America, I can tell you, we have had some fine days. I would not be standing here, this little Black girl from Detroit, if this country did not give me the opportunities. But it came from the protests; it came in the death and the riots of the people in my generation before me who would not sit down and be quiet. So now are we being told that we are not to use our constitutional rights of free speech and protests and to gather to say that now you are being an extremist? I am not going to allow that to happen in this country, and if you want to label me, label me. But I would not be here today if it were not for those who had the political courage to stand up for what is right, not just for Black people, but for Americans in this country. And that is something that this report strikes a chord with me. I stand in opposition. I understand when someone takes their freedom to stand up and oppose something that is happening in America, and I want to protect that First Amendment right. But if we can avoid the consequences of halfway speech fueled by fear and false perceptions, we will be stronger as a country. Mr. Speaker, I call on Congress to join me and my colleagues in condemning this report and standing with us for a more peaceful, a more accepting, and a more equal country where we can really mean, when we stand up and we say the Pledge of Allegiance and we say, ‘‘one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all,’’ and for all of us we have a name. We have a name that we were given at birth, and we expect our leadership, our President, our Congress, our Chief of Staff, our military to address us by our names. It is not acceptable, it is embarrassing for us as a country, to reduce ourselves to that level. And I stand here tonight, on the RECORD , that I am an American. I am a Member of Congress. I am a woman. I am an African American. I deserve respect, and I expect all of our colleagues to conduct themselves the same way, including the President of the United States. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. LAWRENCE for her comments, which are very timely in light of everything that is happening right now. Mr. Speaker, before I close out, the one thing that I would like to make note of is that I think, with this COINTELPRO 2.0 that is going on right now, we should take this very seriously. And I just want to remind everybody that may be out here listening right now, we talk a lot about extremist groups. We talk a lot about alt right and KKK and White supremacist groups, but one thing that we have to keep in mind is that, in the 1960s, when Dr. Martin Luther King came to town, he was not treated like he is now. I hear so many people—conservatives, liberals, Democrats, and Republicans—talk about how much they admire and respect Dr. King, and rightfully so, because he earned the respect and the admiration that he has now, posthumously, in this country. I don’t think that anyone would argue that. But if we could travel back in time to the 1960s, we will find that he was not that welcomed. And let’s just put aside the White supremacists. Let’s put aside the alt right. Let’s put aside these hateful forces that, again, all of us agree on are bad people. But remember, when Dr. King came to some of these Southern towns in the 1960s, he was not welcomed. He was not welcomed by people at the Lions Club, people at the Elks Club, people at the First Baptist Church, people at the Methodist Church. People thought that Dr. King was bad, that he was stirring up trouble, that he was not ‘‘keeping his place,’’ and that he had come into these communities to stir up a lot of trouble. And because regular, everyday people—again, not the Klan, not the White supremacists, just regular, everyday, taxpaying shopkeepers in these little Southern towns—these conservative individuals who represented all segments of our society thought that Dr. King was out of place for doing what he was doing, because of that, the Nation reacted. And one of those people who reacted against Dr. King, against Malcolm X, and against other organizations like the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, SNCC, which was the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, and many, many others, they ran the domestic counterintelligence program that you have heard about tonight, this COINTELPRO, and it became a weapon that was used to spy on individuals. We heard mentioned earlier that our colleague, BARBARA LEE, was one of these people who was monitored. But this was happening to everyday African Americans who were just out there trying to make sure that we can vote and that our water fountains and our schools weren’t segregated. And these regular town folk—again, the ones that weren’t in the Klan, that were just good old folks that went to Sunday 
school and went to church every Sunday—were trying to prevent this from happening, and J. Edgar Hoover stepped in and decided that he was going to discredit, disrupt, and neutralize these organizations, again, that were just trying to make sure that African Americans were no longer secondclass citizens. I think these groups and these organizations and these individuals that I mentioned earlier within the Black community that were willing to be part of that circle, I know that I would not be here serving had it not been for that surveillance that they endured, and I know that I would not be here today were it not for them putting their lives on the line, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, because of that. So what I would just like to say is it is important that we monitor everything that is coming out of the Justice Department in relation to any announcements that they are going to make about investigating these organizations that they disagree with politically because it is dangerous, and we don’t want to go back to those times. We don’t want to end up in a situation where the organization is doing any sort of domestic spying on people who are practicing their First Amendment rights of free speech. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire how much time is remaining on the clock. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, let me also, again, talk about, very briefly, some of the things that people are concerned about in regards to civil liberties during the Cold War. That is when the FBI started running a lot of these counterintelligence programs, and Dr. King was always very high on the list. That is what people are concerned about. Their concerns are concerns that are very warranted because of what happened. I know that people always say: Well, those things happened a long, long time ago. But, in reality, there are people who serve with us in this body who, sadly, remember those days. So it didn’t happen that long ago because they are still here, and they are still active, very healthy members of society. They weren’t Members of Congress back then, but they are now, and they saw this up front. They saw this in a very personal way, and that is important. Also, one of the things that was mentioned earlier by Representative PAYNE  from Newark, New Jersey, was the fact about social media. Social media has been very convenient. It has helped spawn new wealth in this country. It has brought us together like never before, but it can also tear us apart if we let it. We have to be very serious when we have a foreign entity, a foreign country that doesn’t like America, that doesn’t like our values, and they have been very open and blatant in saying that you can’t have a multicultural society that exists. We need to take that threat very seriously. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) so she can tell her story, and I thank her for joining us this evening. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman VEASEY for yielding, but also for his remarkable leadership here in Congress and for hosting this very important Special Order this evening. Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus, with a message for the American people: Wake up. COINTELPRO 2.0 is on the rise. Mr. Speaker, now, in a report that was never supposed to see the light of day, the FBI’s Counterterrorism Division branded African Americans in the fight for equality and justice as Black identity extremists that pose a domestic threat to police officers. Now, I have witnessed many covert tactics designed to suppress African American activism in my life, but the revelation of this report is one of the most troubling details I have ever learned about our government. I remember very clearly the days of COINTELPRO under J. Edgar Hoover. As a community worker who worked closely with the Black Panther Party in their TenPoint Platform, which made programs like Free Breakfast for Children possible and paved the way for our government’s free breakfast program for lowincome children, I witnessed firsthand how the lives of good people doing good work were destroyed by COINTELPRO. Seeing the emergence of what is effectively COINTELPRO 2.0 is not only alarming, it is frightening. Just listen to how the FBI describes young women who take a stand for justice. According to the FBI: ‘‘Black identity extremist, BIE, perceptions of police brutality against African Americans’’ has been responsible for ‘‘an increase in premeditated, retaliatory lethal violence against law enforcement and will very likely serve as justification for such violence in the future.’’ My God. b2030 Mr. Speaker, we know that all police officers aren’t bad actors. Actually, thousands of officers, the majority of officers, go to work every morning to protect our communities and to provide public safety for everyone, but I want to be very clear about two things, Mr. Speaker. Police brutality is not, as they said in this FBI report, a perception. Police brutality is a reality African Americans grapple with every day. African Americans are three times more likely to be killed by police than White people. That is a reality. That is not a perception. The facts speak for themselves. Despite being only 13 percent of our population, nearly 25 percent of those killed by police in the United States each year are African Americans. That is a reality. That is not a perception. Nearly 99 percent of policeinvolved shootings have not resulted in any officers involved being convicted of a crime. Now, that is a reality, not a perception. I also want to be very clear that Black identity extremism does not exist. It is simply not real. No academics or journalists have uncovered such a movement. No one has identified as a leader of such a movement. No act of hate or violence has been committed in the name of Black identity extremism. So what is it, then? It is a twisted attempt by arbiters of the altright, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and this administration, to deflect attention from the realities of police misconduct and the altright and White supremacy. First let me thank Congressman VEASEY for his remarkable leadership in Congress and for hosting this vitally important Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker I rise today along with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus with a message for the American people. Wake up! COINTELPRO 2.0 is on the rise. Mr. Speaker, in a report that was never supposed to see the light of day, the FBI’s Counterterrorism Division branded African Americans that fight for equality and justice as ‘‘Black Identity Extremists’’ that pose a domestic threat to police officers. I have witnessed many covert tactics designed to suppress African American activism in my life, but the revelation of this report is one of the most troubling details I have ever learned about our government. I remember clearly the days of COINTELPRO under J. Edgar Hoover. As a community worker who worked closely with the Black Panther Party on their 10 point platform, which made programs like free breakfast for children possible, I witnessed firsthand how the lives of good people doing good work were destroyed by COINTELPRO. So seeing the emergence of what is effectively COINTELPRO 2.0 is not only alarming it is frightening. Just listen to how the FBI describes young men and women who take a stand for justice. According to the FBI: ‘‘Black Identity Extremist (BIE) perceptions of police brutality against African Americans’’ has been responsible for ‘‘an increase in premeditated, retaliatory lethal violence against law enforcement and will very likely serve as justification for such violence’’ in the future. Mr. Speaker, we know that all police officers aren’t bad actors. Thousands of officers go to work every morning to protect our communities. But I want to be very clear about two things Mr. Speaker: Police brutality is not a perception. Police brutality is a reality African Americans grapple with every day. African Americans are three times more likely to be killed by police than white people. That is a reality, not a perception. Despite being only 13% of our population, nearly 25% of those killed by police in the U.S. each year are African Americans That is a reality, not a perception. 
And nearly 99% of case of police involved shootings have not resulted in any officers involved being convicted of a crime. That is a reality, not a perception. I also want to be very clear that Black Identity Extremism does not exist. It is simply is not real. No academics or journalists have uncovered such a movement. No one has identified as a leader of such a movement And no act of hate or violence has been committed in the name of Black Identity Extremism. So what is it then? Black Identity Extremism is a twisted attempt by arbiters of the altright, including President Trump and Jeff Sessions to deflect attention from the realities of Police brutality and white supremacy. That is why members of the Congressional Black Caucus are here this evening. To sound the alarm. This is not just another revelation or press report that should be dismissed. This kind of hateful stigmatization presents a serious threat to the African American community. This is not mere speculation, Mr. Speaker. If we’re honest about the history of our nation, we must admit that the FBI has a disturbing history of surveillance and intimidation of African Americans for political expediency. I remember all too clearly the lives that were cut short during the civil rights movement through the highly coordinated counterintelligence program known as COINTELPRO. For 15 years under the direction of FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, the federal government spied on civil rights leaders and sowed division among African Americans with one express goal. To ‘‘expose, disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or otherwise neutralize’’ any individual or group deemed to be subversive or a threat to the established power structure. Members of the Black Panther Party were the greatest victims of this vitriolic pursuit. Under the guise of COINTELPRO FBI agents harassed, intimidated and committed acts of violence against Black Panthers and their supporters. Men and women were killed as a result of this program. We simply cannot allow government sanctioned violence to develop against innocent African Americans fighting for the perfection of our union. As the conscience of Congress, members of the Congressional Black Caucus are determined to stop COINTELPRO 2.0 dead in its tracks. That is why we are demanding that the FBI give a full account to Congress on the development of this report and the sources used to inform it. It has been said that those who do not know their history are doomed to repeat. Well Mr. Speaker, we are here to give the American people and the Trump Administration a history lesson. Clearly the FBI has not learned from its mistakes. But I want to be clear about one thing, under no circumstances will we allow another generation of African Americans to be subjected to unwarranted surveillance and harassment. It will not happen, not on our watch. Istand with our Chairman Congressman RICHMOND , Congressman C ONYERS , Congressman THOMPSON and Congressman C UMMINGS in demanding that the FBI come clean about this report. Enough is enough. Mr. VEASEY. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, in my role as a member of the House Committee on the Judiciary, I have always taken a serious view of my oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigations. It is vitally important that we keep a close watch on the activities of law enforcement, especially regarding their operations in domestic intelligence gathering. In the wake of September 11th attacks, a time of crisis when civil liberties can be viewed as a luxury, it was important to ensure that all Americans could rely on the Constitution to both protect our rights and protect public safety. As we all know, the FBI has a long, troubling history of using its broad investigatory powers to vulnerable or dissenting groups in our society. As a longserving member, I was here in Congress when the reports of the FBI’s surveillance activities against African American groups involved in the struggle for civil rights first surfaced in the press. Centralized operations under COINTELPRO officially began in August 1956 with a program designed to ‘‘increase factionalism, cause disruption and win defections’’ inside American Communist Party. Tactics included anonymous phone calls, IRS audits, and the creation of documents that would divide the American communist organization internally. An October 1956 memo from Hoover reclassified the FBI’s ongoing surveillance of black leaders, including it within COINTELPRO, with the justification that the movement was infiltrated by communists. In 1956, Hoover sent an open letter denouncing Dr. T.R.M. Howard, a civil rights leader, surgeon, and wealthy entrepreneur in Mississippi who had criticized FBI inaction in solving recent murders of George W. Lee, Emmett Till, and other black people in the South. When the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), was founded in 1957, the FBI began to monitor and target the group almost immediately, focusing particularly on Bayard Rustin, Stanley Levison, and, eventually, Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. During the 1960’s Director J. Edgar Hoover also used COINTELPRO to spy on and attempt to discredit civil rights activists and members of the Black Panther Party. After the 1963 March on Washington, Hoover singled out King as a major target for COINTELPRO. Soon after, the FBI was systematically bugging King’s home and his hotel rooms, as they were now aware that King was growing in stature daily as the leader among leaders of the Civil Rights Movement. Amidst the urban unrest of July–August 1967, the FBI began ‘‘COINTELPRO—BLACK HATE’’, which focused on King and the SCLC as well as the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), the Revolutionary Action Movement (RAM), the Deacons for Defense and Justice, Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), and the Nation of Islam. BLACK HATE established the socalled Ghetto Informant Program and instructed 23 FBI offices to ‘‘disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or otherwise neutralize the activities of blacknationalist hate type organizations.’’ The program was successfully kept secret until 1971, when the Citizens’ Commission to Investigate the FBI burgled an FBI field office in Media, Pennsylvania, took several dossiers, and exposed the program by passing this material to news agencies. In 1976, the ‘‘Church Committee’’ (Sen. Frank Church–Idaho) launched a major investigation of the FBI and COINTELPRO. Journalists and historians speculate that the government has not fully released the many dossiers and documents related to the program. Against this backdrop, the Congressional Black Caucus is justified in its concern about the FBI’s investigation of AfricanAmerican political organizations. The coining of the phrase ‘‘Black Identity Extremists’’ and claims with ‘‘high confidence’’ that these groups are likely to target law enforcement based on ‘‘perceptions of police brutality against African Americans’’ takes us back to claims about groups like the Black Panthers in the 1960’s. While it is important that the FBI monitor all threats domestic, its activities around the American Muslim community and efforts to ‘‘combat violent extremism’’ have raised questions about tactics and constitutional norms. The CBC has called for an FBI briefing on the origins on this research and the Bureau’s intended next steps. I have supported this request in my role as Ranking Member on the Judiciary Committee and intend to keep a close eye on the Bureau’s activities. This is not the time for a COINTELPRO 2.0 in America. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) published a report on August 3rd with findings that ‘‘black identity extremists’’ and their views on police brutality have very likely contributed to an uptick in premeditated violence against police officers. While many questions about the origins and intentions behind this report still remain unanswered, I cannot help but feel that this troubling assessment is reminiscent of the 1960’s era Counter Intelligence Program (COINTELPRO) that targeted black activists during the Civil Rights Movement. There are no doubts that the 2012 shooting of Treyvon Martin or the 2014 death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri have paved the way for increased tension within our communities. The subsequent protests and rise of the Black Lives Matter movement born out of the 2013 acquittal of Treyvon Martin’s murderer fueled further tension between law enforcement and racial minorities. However, these protests—while interspersed with bouts 
of violence—have been largely peaceful at their core. Interestingly, we have yet to also see a comparable FBI report investigating the white supremacists that have emerged during rallies in Charlottesville, VA and other parts of the country. This apparent double standard sets a dangerous precedent for race relations in the United States. The FBI’s recent report is also extremely troubling given the rise and prominence of farright movements throughout the country during this tense moment in our history. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus has called for an FBI briefing on the origins of this report and the Bureau’s intentions on next steps. I will join my colleagues in eagerly awaiting a response from the FBI, so that we can make sure that there is no impropriety or racial bias fueling this investigation. I am disappointed in the FBI’s report and urge my colleagues to tread carefully as we look to avoid a repeat of history by using government institutions and resources to unfairly target racial minorities. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, October 24, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4010. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States and title 28, United States Code, to enhance compliance with requests for information pursuant to legislative power under Article I of the Constitution, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–360). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3898. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to place conditions on certain accounts at United States financial institutions with respect to North Korea, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–361). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3972. A bill to clarify that family offices and family clients are accredited investors, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–362). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 577. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 469) to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 732) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–363). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. House Resolution 555. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Secretary of the Interior to transmit, respectively, certain documents and other information to the House of Representatives relating to the executive order on the review of designations under the Antiquities Act; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 364); adversely. Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3279. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that extraction of helium from gas produced under a Federal mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas (Rept. 115–365). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3921 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 4090. A bill to amend the Controlled Substance Act to establish a task force to address fentanyl and heroin trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 4091. A bill to remove from the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System the areas included in Indian Peninsula Unit FL92 and Cape San Blas Unit P30 in Florida; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. DUFFY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G ALLAGHER , and Mr. B ARR): H.R. 4092. A bill to create a nonimmigrant H2C work visa program for agricultural workers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for himself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E VANS , Ms. NORTON , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. WILSON of Florida): H.R. 4093. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to strengthen prevention and response measures for hate crimes on college campuses by establishing robust accountability measures, providing needs based grants, and amending the Clery Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HIGGINS of New York (for himself, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 4094. A bill to establish a public health plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 4095. A bill to repeal Public Law 114 145; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. RASKIN , and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 4096. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Energy to establish a prize competition for the research, development, or commercialization of technology that would reduce the amount of carbon in the atmosphere, including by capturing or sequestering carbon dioxide or reducing the emission of carbon dioxide; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4097. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of methadone under Medicare part B; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. POCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. TAKANO ): H.R. 4098. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to prohibit schools and libraries that receive universal service support from blocking Internet access to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. SANFORD , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. MASSIE , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, and Mr. K ATKO ): H.J. Res. 119. A joint resolution proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H. Res. 576. A resolution reaffirming the strategic partnership between the United 
States of America and the country of Georgia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 578. A resolution honoring the lives, work, and sacrifice of Joseph Curseen, Jr., and Thomas Morris, Jr., the 2 United States Postal Service employees who died as a result of their contact with anthrax while working at the United States Postal Facility located at 900 Brentwood Road, NE, Washington, DC, during the anthrax attack in the fall of 2001; United States Postal Service employees, who have continued to work diligently in service to the people of the United States notwithstanding anthrax attack; as well as the other 3 Americans who died and the 17 who became ill in the attacks; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule Xll of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 19: Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 103: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 173: Mr. MASSIE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. BARR, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. LANCE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 176: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 184: Mr. AMASH . H.R. 233: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 296: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 299: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 377: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. MCKINLEY , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 389: Mr. HIMES and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 392: Ms. TITUS and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 444: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 445: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 535: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 539: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN and Mr. K ING of New York. H.R. 564: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. MESSER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 613: Mr. LUCAS , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. VELA. H.R. 619: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 635: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 669: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CRIST, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 681: Mr. MCHENRY . H.R. 685: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 747: Mrs. BUSTOS and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 771: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 772: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 781: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 785: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 807: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 820: Mr. TROTT , Ms. E STY of Con necticut, Mr. PAULSEN , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. YOHO, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 828: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 846: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 849: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 866: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 930: Ms. MCSALLY and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 1014: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 1017: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 1046: Mr. KILMER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. BUCSHON , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1057: Mr. SIRES and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 1090: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1098: Mr. SABLAN . H.R. 1133: Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1148: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1155: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. HIMES, and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 1156: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 1187: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1204: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 1270: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 1291: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1305: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1322: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 1341: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1342: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 1360: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 1363: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 1406: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 1456: Mr. TONKO and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 1475: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1528: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 1568: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 1592: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B RAT, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. DESJARLAIS , and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1639: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 1661: Mr. COMER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. FORTENBERRY , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1673: Mr. KILDEE and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 1686: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 1698: Mr. GALLAGHER and Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 1699: Mr. COMER . H.R. 1749: Mr. MAST. H.R. 1825: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1832: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1836: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1861: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 1865: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 1898: Mr. MARCHANT , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. HOLDING , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. U PTON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1899: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1911: Mr. KILMER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 1949: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1953: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1955: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 2092: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. H ECK, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2230: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. T ENNEY , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. B ACON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. COLE. H.R. 2234: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PALLONE , Ms. S HEAPORTER, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2242: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2285: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 2295: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 2340: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2358: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 2366: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2401: Mr. WELCH and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 2418: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2431: Mr. BARR. H.R. 2434: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2465: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 2499: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 2501: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2526: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2550: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2601: Mrs. LOVE and Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2623: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2663: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 2670: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 2723: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 2740: Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 2765: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2790: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. PANETTA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali fornia, and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 2801: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2820: Ms. TENNEY and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 2856: Mr. NUNES . H.R. 2862: Mr. ISSAand Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2865: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2920: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 2936: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 2946: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 2968: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2999: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3073: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3117: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 3124: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3127: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. BARR. H.R. 3128: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. BARR. H.R. 3179: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 3197: Mrs. LOWEY and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3199: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. M OORE , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3211: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 3265: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3274: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. FOSTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. V ELA, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. H ECK, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl vania, Mr. MARINO , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C OMER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl vania, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. B UDD, and Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 3282: Mr. FASO. H.R. 3297: Mr. BARRand Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 3320: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 3329: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. BARR, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. SOTO, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor gia, Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEYof Florida, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. KILMER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OSS, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. CHENEY , and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3342: Mr. BACON , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 3380: Mr. QUIGLEY and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 3400: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 3402: Mr. MCCLINTOCK and Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan. H.R. 3409: Mr. TROTT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor gia, and Mr. BARTON . H.R. 3441: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. C OLE, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. B URGESS , Mrs. B LACK BURN , and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 3445: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 3477: Ms. ADAMS , Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. WALKER . H.R. 3495: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3541: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 3550: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 3552: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 3577: Mr. HECK. H.R. 3596: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. LAHOOD, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. JONES . H.R. 3605: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3635: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 3648: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 3671: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3711: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 3712: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 3738: Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. E VANS , and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3758: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3759: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Ms. S HEAPORTER , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 3768: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 3784: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3792: Ms. LEE, Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 3798: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. R OEof Ten nessee, Mr. ROTHFUS , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 3820: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 3832: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 3845: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3862: Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3866: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3875: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 3898: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3913: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. GIBBS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3940: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. WALZ. H.R. 3956: Mr. SESSIONS , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 3966: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 3969: Ms. NORTON and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 3971: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 3984: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3990: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4010: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 4013: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. KHANNA , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. BORDALLO , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4020: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 4022: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. M ESSER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4024: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4025: Mr. RASKIN , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 4030: Ms. ADAMS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. CARBAJAL , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 4038: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 4040: Mr. QUIGLEY and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4047: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4049: Mr. KHANNA and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4057: Ms. SHEAPORTER , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4073: Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. NORTON , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, and Ms. MENG. H.R. 4079: Mr. PETERSON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. WALZ, and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4082: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. B ERA, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. NADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. E VANS , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. C RIST, Mr. HECK, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. MATSUI . H. Con. Res. 10: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. KIHUEN . H. Con. Res. 43: Mr. COHEN and Mr. C ONYERS . H. Con. Res. 47: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 57: Ms. KAPTUR . H. Con. Res. 59: Ms. KAPTUR . H. Con. Res. 81: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. HANABUSA . H. Res. 31: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. KEATING , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. KNIGHT . H. Res. 58: Mr. ZELDIN and Ms. K APTUR . H. Res. 220: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. B EYER . H. Res. 236: Mr. BARR. H. Res. 274: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H. Res. 276: Mr. QUIGLEY . H. Res. 307: Mr. HUDSON . H. Res. 401: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 464: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mr. YODER . H. Res. 466: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 495: Mr. KENNEDY . H. Res. 529: Mr. CAPUANO and Ms. L OFGREN . H. Res. 532: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. ADERHOLT . H. Res. 554: Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 560: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Chairman GOODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 469, the Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Chairman GOODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 732, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 or rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6703 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 2017 No. 170 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 